dope spot. been going here for many yrs. the pork chop here is unlike any i've ever eaten. 99 times out of 100 pc's are overcooked and dry. this thing was juicier than a mother. will never look at this dish the same way.the flatbread is outstanding. the texture of the crust reminds me of dead leaves, in a good way. thin and crispy, then dissolves.finally, the lamb chop was bold and beautiful. meat off the bone. one of my favorite LCs ive had.
I snagged a last minute brunch reservation and am happy to report that it was as great as everyone's been saying it is! Staff all around were friendly and overly accommodating- whether it was explaining dishes, to when our seats would become available to drink orders and offering to store our backpacks in their locked coat closet. We ordered their famous burger (plus bacon obviously) and the soft scrambled eggs with asparagus. Both were cooked expertly, but it would've been nice if they arrived together vs the eggs completely being finished then waiting another 15 minutes before the burger arrived. One thing I was surprised my party didn't like at all?... The French fries. They were easily the worst fries I've ever had- absolutely no flavor. So bland. Bummer.
Must-know: Get the French toast. This will change your life.Tip: My friends have told me that you need to make a reservation far in advance in order to eat here. Luckily they dealt with that and I didn't have to go through the trouble but make sure you make a reservation weeks/months in advance!They have seasonal menus I believe and change up their dishes accordingly, maybe by month? I only came here once but I'm dying to come back for brunch again! The decor and interior is so hip, it really reminds me of hipster Seattle vibes. The staff is also really friendly, but also there is a really small waiting area if your table isn't ready. The custard French toast is the most amazing dish, the sweetness is not overpowering and the texture is PERFECTLY fluffy but not too soft because of the outside as well.I NEED to come back - mainly for that French toast.
I've been to NOPA a good number of times now. I mainly go here after work because it's open late.The reason why I keep coming back is because of the atmosphere. When you walk in you can hear all the voices filling up the high ceiling restaurant. The restaurant is set up nicely with many different sized tables and there's a big communal table to grab a few drinks before your table is ready.They always change the menu here, so it's hard to say which items are the best. The appetizer that's a must is their flatbread. This item stays on their menu but changes with different ingredients each day. I always enjoy the little fried fish, which comes with a delicious aioli sauce.For entrees, I'd tried almost everything from the burger to the pork chop. I like their burger here. It's always seasoned and cooked perfectly, but it's not the best burger ever... I'm not a fan of their pork chop, mainly because it tastes like bacon to me (and I'm not a fan of bacon). It just tastes super porky to me. I really liked the cod I've had here before, but forgot how it was cooked. I've had the duck breast and duck leg, which were amazing. I don't recommend the rotisserie chicken, because it's pretty bland...Most of my experiences with service here have been great. There was one time when I had a pretty bad experience, but I don't want to rant on about that in my review. The servers are usually friendly and helpful.Overall, the food at NOPA is good. Everything on the menu tastes really fresh. I couldn't give it five stars because I feel like there are days when the execution is lacking and I still can't forget my bad experience here.
I'm not sure how my Travel Buddy, Yuri from Torrance, selected this restaurant, but SF Yelper, Jaylena, also had it bookmarked! With over 4000 reviews (some of those being from "Big Papa" Jeremy; Katie B. the LA East CM; and my friend, Michael C. from Honolulu), I had big hopes for an over-the-top experience... and we sure got it! (Especially since this was my first time meeting my Yelpie friend, Jaylena, in real life! She is so cute, smart, and friendly!)We didn't have reservations (they are booked months in advance), but were first on the wait list. We stood inside the door because the wind outside was chilly. Originally, we wanted a seat at the Chef's Counter, but we'd have to wait an additional 3 or so hours. A table opened up upstairs, so we grabbed it!Staff and service were outstanding! Ambiance was cool and hipster. Decor was natural and contemporary with lots of brown wood - like an open beamed ceiling. Parking was free on the street in the residential area. Food was amazing! Jaylena had a yummy vegetarian dish with almonds and an assortment of colorful veggies. Yuri had the famous pork chops with tender texture and smokey flavor. I got the Rainbow Trout which was in a delicious buttery light gravy on a bed of spinach, cooked to perfection! I would return for the pork chops (and catch a Lyft there). After I had a taste, I almost wished that I had ordered that, but I was happy with my dish. It just gives me another reason to visit San Francisco again!
Nopa, amazing dinner!They are usually booked months in advanced for weekend dinners and I had no reservation. I read a lot of reviews to find out the strategy on getting a table for dinner.Here is how to get a table, come in at 5 pm, sit at the large bar communal table, get a few drinks, at 5:45 pm go stand at the hostess booth and wait (I was first in line when I stood at that time), once 6 pm hits they take your name for walk in tables, go back to the bar, and wait to be called for the next open table. At 6:15 pm I heard the hostess say they were out of walk in reservations. We got called for our table at 6:20 pm. We had a party of 4.Also, once 6 pm hits, the amount of people at the bar is crazy. It gets really crowded and people get really pushy. They eye your space like hawk. Service at the bar was friendly and quick. You can order a wine bottle here and just bring it to your table afterwards. Table service was great and helpful. Food came out at a steady pace.Warm Goat Cheese - $13 - Great dish to have if you are drinking wine. Goat cheese was creamy and thick. The bread and apples paired perfectly with it and helped cut the tang from the cheese.Wood Baked Butter Beans - $10 - Beans were nicely cooked. Feta added a nice rich flavor. I wish it came out with the meat but it came out as a stand alone. Would have been a good side with the main courses. Pappadelle - $23 - The noodles were amazing. Thick and al dente, it had that perfect handmade bite. The duck just brought it to another level. Rotisserie Chicken - $23 - Juicy and tender. Simple herb seasoning but it was done right. Loved the veggie garnish.Pork Chop - $29 - A bit disappointing. It was not juicy like I expected, it most bites were dry. Very light seasoning on the pork.Grilled Leg of Lamb - $33 - Lamb was cooked perfectly and had no gamey taste at all. Tender with a good amount of fat. Russian River Redemption - $12 Domaine de Colette Morgon Bottle - $36Punta Crena Rossese Bottle - $39
Still the best PORK CHOP I ever had. It's so hard to get a reservation for dinner and when you do, it's super late. When my best friend comes to town, this is the only place she wants to come. Pork chop is always amazing. The other dishes for me was just okay. It's good but not amazing. Came here a few times for dinner but finally made reservations for brunch. Can't wait to try.
I can only speak for Nopa's brunch since I've never been there for dinner. Nopa is one of the more popular brunch spots in the city. It's almost always packed and you can almost always expect a wait to eat. I particularly don't mind waiting long waits as long as I can walk around the area and explore. The ambiance is clean and spacious. It can get a bit noisy at busy times. They have a bar which serves reasonably priced strong drinks if you choose to drink while you wait for your table. If you're up for it, they have seating by where the magic happens in the ktichen. It's kind of neat to see all the chefs rushing to put together the different dishes. I've ordered numerous things from Nopa and have never been disappointed. During the most recent visit, we decided to order the burger and the french toast. The burger came nice, juicy, and flavorful and the french toast was very thick and filling. To top it off, the waiters have always been super patient and attentive each and every time I've visited which probably just seals the deal for the probability of me visiting yet again.
NOPA is one of my favorite restaurants. It really hasn't ever disappointed me. But I honestly stick to the same few things on the menu. However, even so, they taste somewhat differently every time depending on what ingredients are fresh that day. What do I always order? -- Pork chop-- Pappardelle-- Flatbread But I have heard good things about the lamb leg so I will try to give that a try. The good thing about this place is that it opens until 1AM every day so if you're ever looking for a late dinner or a nice place to grab a drink on a week night, this is available. Beware though, it often takes a while to wait for a table so try to reserve ahead if you can. I think you can get same day reservations some times if you don't mind eating a little later. Otherwise, there's a big communal table and plenty of seats at the bar for dining and drinks. Attire is casual. I've definitely come here after a Warriors game because we needed to eat at 11PM and it has never been a problem. However, I would also say this is a good place to take a date because the food is good. You can always dress up a little to this place too.
Brunch review. Housemade oat bread with apple butter - 4/5Brown butter bacon scone - 5/5Bagel with smoked Trout - 5/5Custard French toast - 5/5Overall, Nopa is always "as good as it gets."
Oh Nopa,you wonderful purveyor of gluttony & deliciousness. Nopa is a gem and must-try if you can get a reservation. Our friend got us a reservation for four, ~3 weeks in advance for a Friday night at 8:15 PM. Otherwise, I'd imagine the wait would be insanely long. The restaurant was packed full and VERY loud. Luckily, we were seated at a table upstairs so we avoided the insanity downstairs. We ordered 2 appetizers and 4 main courses to share. I had one of the cocktails -- the Summit I believe -- very fruity, pink, and tasted like juice LOL. Now onto the food:+ Poached Egg w/ Brussel sprouts -- WINNER WINNER, BRUSSEL SPROUT DINNER. LOL. Wow, this dish was amazing. I love brussel sprouts, so I sort of already knew I would love this dish anyways. But even my friend that doesn't like brussel sprouts thought they were delicious! It comes with a poached egg, some ham, and this creamy, savory white sauce to dip. The dish was a great size to share between four people. I could probably eat a whole plate of this by myself and be satisfied. + Crudo w/ Halibut -- MEH. This dish was ok. Not a huge fan. The fish was good. Very nice presentation. The dish was fresh and simple. Nothing outstanding about it though. + BLACK COD!!!! -- Yum. I love me some black cod. This dish was served with lentils, mushrooms, and pomegranate seeds! Unlikely combination, but amazingly delicious. THE MUSHROOMS. OH. MY. GOD. I love mushrooms, but these mushrooms were cooked to perfection. Juicy and flavorful and ugh that mushroom flavor. The pomegranate seeds added a bit of sweetness to it which was very pleasant. The black cod was cooked perfectly and very tender. + PORK CHOP -- YES. YES. And yes. I knew I had to try the pork chop and boy, did it live up to the hype! The pork chop was hands down, the best part of the meal. I don't know how they cooked this pork chop to absolute perfection like this -- it was tender and juicy and basically tasted like a beautiful steak LOL. So decadent. It was incredible. My mouth my leaping for joy. Fireworks in my eyes. Pork chop. Yes. Just get it, trust me. There are not enough words to describe how delicious this pork chop was.+ Rotisserie Chicken -- It was ok. Sigh. I tried this before the pork chop and thought it was decent. After the pork chop, I was just like wtf chicken, you just plain. It wasn't spectacular, but you know it's rotisserie chicken -- hard to mess up. So it was adequate, but I feel like I could eat a Costco rotisserie chicken and be just as satisfied. It's nowhere compared to the pork chop. Don't get me wrong, it was good -- just nothing extraordinary. + Pappardelle -- Another standout dish! The pappardelle was one of my favorites from this meal. SO GOOD. Great portion size. All of the dishes were great portion sizes for individuals and great for sharing too, if you plan on ordering a bunch of entrees like we did. The noodles were thick and flavorful and covered in a delicious meat sauce. A very solid entree. They didn't skimp on the meat too which was nice!Overall, Nopa is great at delivering with delicious food and beautiful presentation. All of our dishes were very pretty LOL. Prices ranged from $10 - $20 for appetizers and ~$20-30 for entrees (with the exception of the rib eye, ~$75). The obvious winner in my book was the pork chop -- brussel sprouts were a close second. Try to get a reservation if you can and order that pork chop!
I'd heard a bird on the street raven (see what I did there?!) about this place for quite some time now. Luckily one of my boyfriend's coworkers couldn't make her reservation so we snagged it. Perfect, because they were over a month out if we wanted to make our own. Here's to generous coworkers!I was in the middle of doing a Whole30 diet for Jan which makes it hard to eat out, but the servers were really helpful with ingredients (as far as what's gluten-free friendly too!) and most of the food here is pretty clean regardless. The highlight for me was the grilled broccoli w/ anchovies (hold the bread crumbs, plz!). It was the perfect mix of grilled, lemons, and anchovies. Then I got the pork for the main and it was probably the best I've ever had. It was also a huge cut so I had a delicious lunch the next day too. The boo got the burger and said it was good, albeit nothing really special. He was jealous of my pork slab, I'm sure. Next time: cocktails!!
After landing in SF for the first time, this was my FIRST restaurant ever there and it was a great start to my SF adventure. The place is very big with pretty dim lighting and the ambience is pretty trendy. My friend and I got sat fast around 11:40 PM on a Friday night and were quickly greeted by our server. We got a couple of cocktails that I forgot the names of (which were very good) and the server was very helpful and really knew the background of everything for recommendations, so that was impressive.As for food, we ordered the "Country Pork Chop" ($26) which consisted of cabbage, potatoes, apple and mustard and we also ordered the "Rotisserie Herbed Chicken" ($21) which comprised of glazed Sweet Potatoes, pomegranate and walnuts. At around that time, our server told us that there was only one last herbed chicken left, so I had to pick it! However, when everything came out, the chicken wasn't what stole the show, but it was DEFINITELY the pork chops. Seriously the best, most tender and soft pork chops my friend and I have eaten in our lives. We were obsessing over it and although the chicken wasn't bad and still delicious, I regretted not picking the pork chop dish.Overall, between two people with what entrees we got + 2 drinks each, the total price equated to about ~$70. If I could go back in time, I would have definitely got my own order of the pork chops. If you decide to go here, the extra couple of dollars to get that is totally worth it!!!
Nopa is the sort of place where you order half of the menu and promise you'll take home leftovers... and then leave empty handed because everything tasted too good to stop.For a vegetarian, this place is truly a treat, as some of the most popular dishes are completely meat-free. This includes (although is not limited to) the baked butter beans, the grilled purple broccoli, the avocado toast, and last but not least: the incredible Moroccan vegetable tagine. The flavor of each dish was unique and delicious and the speed of service was quite impressive!The ambiance overall is elegant and romantic, however, if you are seeking a more intimate affair, ask to be seated on the second level. Overall, a wonderful destination and certainly worth the price.
I went to Nopa for brunch with a friend. Come early to get your name on the list! My friend and I arrived a little before 11 and we were seated around 12. Not bad. The atmosphere at Nopa is classy and relaxed. It is definitely a great place to eat and catch up with people. We ordered the Custard French Toast to share. If you come for brunch, it is something you must order! I also order the smoked trout that came with bagel, a cheese spread, and an egg. It was fun to assemble my own bagel and adding the amount of spread and trout I wanted. The trout had an amazing smokey flavor and the spread looked house made. All the fixings came together for a perfect bagel. As for my friend, she ordered the butter basted eggs. The eggs were cooked perfectly with runny yolk. She really enjoyed her dish. The presentation of both the dished showed attention to detail and added to the dining experience. I would definitely come back and I will be ordering the French toast for sure.
Nopa is one of the most exciting dining experiences I have had in the city. The atmosphere is urban/rustic and service is top-notch and professional. The restaurant is a lot smaller than I expected, but it has 2 levels. Reservations are basically required, unless you want to sit at the community table or bar which are both on a first-come-first-served basis. Be prepared to spend because with so many interesting items on the constantly-changing menu, you'll want to indulge in many unique dishes and creative alcoholic beverages. My entree was the Fish Stew of rainbow trout, manila clams, mussels, grilled bread and rouille. The deep flavors built off one another and the highlight was the large melt-in-your-mouth piece of trout with the skin on. The tomato-y base of the stew was so flavorful that I ate everything to the last drop. The Rotisserie Herbed Chicken is a succulent dish prepared differently each night and is another fantastic choice. Nopa prides itself on using seasonal and local ingredients, making for a superior finished product. Cocktails are not to be missed, along with the expansive wine list. They are knowledgeable about the wines that they serve and are happy to assist you in your decision. The cocktail I chose is the Summit: St. George Terroir Gin, grapefruit, lime, honey. It had a light fruity taste which was perfect for my palate, without skimping on the gin. From the pre-dinner cocktails all the way to dessert and our post-dinner cocktail, our entire experience was exquisite and a real treat.
Probably my favorite spot in SF right now. We've come in 5 or so times in the last year and are continually amazed by the complex layered flavors and the imagination of the dishes. The service is crisp but not stiff, the recommendations are spot on and the vibe is warm. It's always crowded. Always. That said, they find a way to get us shoehorned in somehow in a reasonable (for SF) amount of time. Speaking of shoehorned, many of the tables are very close together so it gets a little loud or as Pat Kuleto says, "vibrant." Hats off to the hosts and hostesses who work the front. They really give the impression that even though the place is booked, they really really want you to get in and have a great meal. Safe to say, a rare attitude.
Awesome for late night eats!We had a reservation here at 10:30 on Friday. It was packed and for good reason - the food was incredible.Our Courses:- Wood Baked Butter Beans, Feta, Oregano and Breadcrumbs- Pork Headcheese, Crispy Trotters, Smoked Tenderloin and Duck Liver Mousse- Pappardelle, Nine Hour Bolognese, Butternut Squash, Chard and Parmesan- Pork Chop, Celery Root Cream, Carrots, Fuyu Persimmon and Mustard Vinaigrette- Wood Grilled Hamburger, Pickled Onions and French Fries- Grilled Broccoli, Lemon, Anchovy and Breadcrumbs- Butterscotch Pot de Crme - Candied Apples, Isle of Skye, Crme Frache and Parmesan ShortbreadTo be honest, I only ordered the headcheese because I'd never eaten it before and I'm pretty adventurous. It tasted good, but it wasn't mind-blowing compared to the rest of that dish let alone the rest of the meal.The butter beans, pork chop, and grilled broccoli are MUST HAVES. Holy cow. I've never had butter beans or broccoli that I've loved before, but Nopa made me a fan. The pork chop is incredibly tender and flavorful as well. Will hopefully be back very, very soon!
Came here for a highly-anticipated hangover recovery brunch. Noice.I managed to secure a reservation for 4 a few weeks ahead of time, but even then, reservations times were extremely hard to come by, so take that into consideration when trying to eat here.We were sort of slow on the uptake, but managed to order a round of drinks (hair of the dog, ya know?) and order a slew of brunch dishes to more or less share amongst the 4 of us. We went with the braised pork shoulder, the goat cheese bread pudding, green garlic sausage and polenta, and the butter-basted eggs. For my drink order, I got the Blur, which included green chartreuse, and had a very unique, sweet flavor. Everything we ate was excellent, and it might have been the hangover talking, but the braised pork shoulder was unreal. The fried chickpeas strewn throughout the dish added some very nice texture and crunch. The green garlic sausage was very well-spiced and rich, and the goat cheese bread pudding was very well-balanced in flavor, yet hearty at the same time. We also ordered a couple sides of the house smoked bacon, which fried to a nice crisp, although a bit on the thinner side.The service was not particularly memorable or friendly, but our waiter was still very efficient and got our order down nicely, especially with all the small additions and modifications that we must have annoyingly asked for. The price was a little bit more expensive for brunch (about $20), but with the unique flavors and portion sizes, I thought that the value was pretty good.Definitely one of the best brunches I've had in SF, up there with Brenda's. I'll definitely be back to try their dinner menu. That is, if I can somehow find a reservation.
A SAN FRANCISCO GEM!You can find NOPA nestled on the corner of the bustling, hip streets of Diversadero and Hayes. The significant and I decided to try this place out for dinner after reading numerous glowing reviews from fellow Elites. Since then, this has been our go-to place for dinner whenever we are in the city! Upon entry you have the option of either requesting for a table or seating yourself and your party at the next available spot near the bar. *First-timer tip: Booking the next available table in the dining area can be about a 2-3 hour wait without prior reservations! Given all the hustle and bustle in the restaurant, the open space and high-vaulted ceilings makes this venue seem less overwhelming and claustrophobic.So far, I've tried and recommend the following items:+ COUNTRY PORK CHOP ($29)Arugula, Baked Quinoa, Apricot, and Vinaigrette. (differs day-to-day to maintain originality) NOPA's sought-after dish. If you're a first-timer here and this happens to be available on the Menu, I recommend ordering this. I reassure you, it will not disappoint! You may think to yourself, "Pork chop, tho? What's so damned good about this? I can easily cook pork chops at home." Here at NOPA, country Pork Chops are on a whole other level! I'm not talking about those dry-ass, crunchy-less pork chops. NO. Believe me when I tell you that this will be the most unforgettable dish of the night! I'm talking about classy, well prepared pork chop, cooked similarly to how a steak would be cooked. Upon it's arrival, you wouldn't believe it's a pork chop to begin with because of it's luscious, juicy, tender appearance. The generous add-on's of arugula, quinoa, and apricot compliment the dish to a tee and the vinaigrette adds yet another 100 kudos to this dish. Of all things that's good in life, this is one of them.+ ROTISSERIE HERBED CHICKEN ($23)Grilled croutons. Trumpet mushrooms. Apple and pistachios (differs day-to-day to maintain originality) This heartwarming plate comes with a HUMONGOUS chicken leg and chicken breast, so make sure to come in hungry and ready to attack! The chicken was lightly fried which included a variety of herbs and spices into the batter to add in more flavor. I enjoyed the combination of the apple and pistachios as it complemented the dish flawlessly with hints of citrus and salt flavors. As well, the croutons and trumpet mushrooms were a delightful addition to the dish and tasted impeccable alongside the chicken.+ PORCHETTA ($29)Orange glazed carrots, Escarole, Pomegranates and cracklings.A VERY generously portioned dish, might I add. For those of you who like to live dangerously, this dish may be the one for you! Nothing says I love you more than a good ol' Italian savoury, fatty, and moist boneless pork roast! As if this dish cannot be hearty enough, slices of fried pork skins are included! What truly blew me away about this dish, however, were the orange glazed carrots and pomegranates as they surprisingly complimented the pork roast pleasingly. I truly appreciate the effort brought forth to this dish as it included a variety of items one would not think of adding into such a simple dish, making it add class and flavor. Overall, I'm quite impressed with this restaurant altogether. I am totally taken aback at the vibrant energy and flavors incorporated into each dish. Hoping to come back again soon so I can finally try NOPA's Wood Grilled Hamburger!+ Street parking available near venue. + Affordable parking also available in the public lot along Broderick and Fell.+ No Reservations required to sit in bar area.+ For dining parties, book a Reservation today! nopasf.com
The Worst of The Most Pretentious!!!!!I have heard all about how wonderful this restaurant allegedly is for years. I was excited about how late they stay open and serve food. But sometimes I'm not in the mood to dine out, especially if I just need a late-night dessert fix that isn't 110% soybean oil, like the crappy desserts found at certain 24-hour generi-grocery-stores.So we went in and tried to get a piece of the "Double-Chocolate Layer Cake" to go...and were informed that "they don't do take-out" because "the chef wants you to enjoy the food in the restaurant when it's perfect." Um. Seriously????You know what would've made that chocolate cake "perfect" for me??? ACTUALLY GETTING A SLICE!!!! Sometimes my uterus and my ovaries conspire to ruin my day, and I JUST NEED SOME EFFING CHOCOLATE!!!! That IS my idea of "perfection", not a whole bunch of chef attitude!!Dear Nopa Chef: Rule #1: The customer is ALWAYS right. I highly recommend that you get over yourself and accept the reality that THERE IS NO OTHER RULE. Your restaurant may be successful right now, but someday people will be bored by your food and tired of your fussy attitude. You might think that what you do is art and that you are the next Jesus but with a culinary degree, but I'm here to tell you that the reality is you are only a chef, not a brain surgeon, and what you do is not so important that you should indulge yourself in the misconception that you are somehow more important than the people for whom you are cooking.What's that? Brazen Head has chocolate cake late at night, too, but with zero attitude??? Great!! I'm there!!!!
{{REVIEW #599}}Fun fact: Before Nopa, the building used to be a laundromat.But it's not French Laundry.... it's American laundry? Nopa reminds me a lot of State Bird Provisions with the unpretentious fine dining concept: an upscale but inviting ambiance, friendly servers in plaid button-ups, even the same dinner napkins, and the need to make reservations way in advance like a foodie gunner. Both restaurants feature outstanding food in non-tiny portion sizes and non-abstract presentation that doesn't require a background in gastronomy to appreciate.While the menu changes every day according to seasonal ingredients, it usually includes a variation of their popular items such as the famous pork chop, crostini, and flatbread.(++) Warm Goat Cheese, Fuji Apple, Pomegranate and Crostini | $14 || Mmm, the warm fluffy whipped goat cheese redefines cheese. There's nothing special about the pomegranate and apple, but the cheese texture is simply amazing and the taste is not too pungent and rich. They offer crostini refills until you finish the dip, though bigger pieces would be nice. It's hard enough to fit slabs of cheese on the tiny surface, and it doesn't help that some of the pieces have huge holes.(+) Flatbread of Spiced Ham, Persimmon, Kale and Mozzarella | $18 || Essentially it's pizza, except it's called flatbread because there's no tomato sauce and it's served at a fancy restaurant. This was an avant-garde combination with admirably thin persimmon slices, but I found the flavors to remain discrete without much synergy. It's tasty in comparison to peasant pizza, but in my opinion there are more worthwhile items on Nopa's menu.(++) Smoked Trout, Fingerling Potatoes, Red Onion, Sea Beans and Crme Frache | $15 || I really liked the bold contrast with the sharp taste of the trout, earthy potatoes, and distinct sour cream. I still have no idea what sea beans are though.(+++) Country Pork Chop, Sauerkraut, Fingerling Potatoes and Flame Grapes | $29 || Quite certainly the best pork chop I've ever had. Although initially I had qualms about the safety of the pork being served medium rare, one bite of this renowned pork chop and all I was thinking about was how I could go back to normal pork chops. Besides the juiciness which renders it pork chop au jus, it has a sophisticated complexity like wine notes--the smokiness of roast meat, the spiciness of ham, the umami of bacon, the tempered sweetness of maple. (And I'll bet basic peeps could also taste pumpkin spice in there).(+++) Seared Duck Breast, Celery Root Pure, Kale, Cara Cara Orange and Olives | $29 || The duck itself was delightfully succulent, and the celery root pure added a full-bodied edge. After stalking the menu for several days I realized the duck isn't always on the menu, so we were lucky ducks.(+) Calvados Gteau Basque - Buttermilk Crme Anglaise, Candied Hazelnuts and Red Wine Poached Pear | $9 || Mild, simple, not too sweet. Altogether it encompasses all the essentials of dessert: a homemade style cake, accompanied with creamy, fruity, and candy. Not life-changing but a nice finish to Nopa noms.(+) Poinsettia | $10 || I was in the mood for a girl drink, and this was the perfect adult and festive version of a girl drink.The verdict? Delicious and memorable. I only wish the temperature of the food could have been warmer (the warm goat cheese only seemed lukewarm, and I prefer flatbread straight-out-of-the-oven warm and toasty). Also, I was expecting them to do something special since I noted in the reservation that it was a birthday celebration, and the server even checked ID's when we ordered dranks. Oh well... 'Tis the season to be forgiving. Otherwise it was excellent service, including a full change of plates and utensils after each course which makes you feel bouge and special. The server explained that for 4 people we should order 2-3 entrees because they are generously portioned. The plates were indeed generously sized, but the food itself was in average portions, which I guess is generous in fine dining standards. We still had stomach space after dinner for Popeye's across the street. I don't know if Popeye's fried chicken isn't that good to begin with, or if we became spoiled by Nopa's fancy food and wouldn't have been satisfied with any fried bird short of The State Bird.
Second time, different experience, still 4 stars.A group of four of us tried to come with no reservations. Put our name down right at 5pm (note: apparently you can NOT call in to be put on the wait list. You need to go in person). The place was booked, and we were told we couldn't get in the first seating (6-8pm) but could probably get a table in the second seating (8-10pm). We can back at 8 and were eventually seated around 8:30.I got the pappardelle with bolognese sauce (like last time), AT got the burger, and his parents got the same two things. FYI, the burger is the only main course item under $20. I had half of AT's burger & fries--the meat was juicy, perfectly medium, and wonderfully seasoned. The fries are homemade and come with a (homemade?) ketchup and a slightly spicy aioli. The pappardelle does not disappoint--definitely not a light dish, so come prepared to fill your belly with the meaty pasta & sauce.The only downer to our dessert, which came recommended to us by our server (who was perfectly lovely--we just didn't like her recommendation). It was the butterscotch pudding with caramelized apples and Parmesan shortbread cookies. The pudding wasn't bad (a bit cloyingly sweet after a while) and apples were good (not too mushy and well spiced). The Parmesan biscuits, though... Yes, I've heard of cheese and apple pie, but Parmesan cheese (a very strong flavor) with butterscotch pudding..? Maybe our group's palates just aren't refined enough, but we all didn't want anything to do with those biscuits.. The other pudding we got in the past (with whiskey cream and cookies) was wayyyy better.But, butterscotch pudding with weird biscuits aside, still a lovely gem in the NOPA neighborhood. TIP: Don't kick yourself and wait for 4 hours to be seated--make reservations in advance (like, 2 weeks)!!
It's been a little more than 4 years since my last review of Nopa, which back then I only had tried their famous Nopa Burger. Since then I've been here a few times and tried many different things for both brunch and dinner and every time the food and service did not disappoint. I love Nopa's consistency!When I went back for another brunch, I got to try their Garlic Bratwurst with Spatzle.Garlic Bratwurst -- bit.ly/1UUFccjI love spatzle so it was a surprise when I saw this on their menu. The brat was very flavorful and the spatzle was cooked well. It was so good!For dinner, I got to try other things such as their Little Fried Fish, one of their seasonal Flatbreads, and their famous Pork Chop that was one the main reasons for me coming back to NopaFlatbread with Tasso Spiced Ham, Artichokes, Rosemary, and Crescenza -- bit.ly/1muE6CeNopa's flatbreads are all good no matter what they top them with. The ingredients are seasonal so you're bound to find a different flatbread almost every other night. This one was was pretty good. This one here was really good, I dug the tasso spiced ham since it reminded me of a fancy Canadian Bacon which I love on pizza.Little Fried Fish -- bit.ly/1r7Ci1wI thought these tempura fried fishies were pretty good. Then again I'm always sucker for deep fried foods.Country Pork Chop -- at NOPA bit.ly/1muEccZJust as I expected, this was one epic Pork Chop. Unfortunately, mine was a little under-cooked in the middle but they made it right after re-firing it in the kitchen. Despite that little issue it was really good. The Pork Chop was well seasoned and I enjoyed every bite of it.Nopa is definitely known for being open for some late night eats. And the menu is still the same as the dinner menu. This makes for a great time to have their burger.Nopa Burger -- bit.ly/RTxvMtServed just as good as when I had it on my last review. It's still considered to be one of the best burgers in SF and you can't go wrong with ordering this here every time.It's pretty awesome how flexible Nopa is with their menu. They're not overly expensive and they always put out high quality food for any time of the day. It just goes to show why they're still one of San Francisco's hottest restaurants.
I've had one of the best dining experiences in San Francisco at Nopa. My friend and I made a reservation here two months ago through OpenTable and it was well worth the wait. The staff and our server was extremely polite, attentive, friendly, and knowledgable. The ambiance here is excellent with the open kitchen, soaring ceilings, and the gorgeous typeface on the menu.We both started with a cocktail called the Summit, which has St. George Terroir gin, grapefruit, lime, and honey. I loved the combination of the tart grapefruit and sweet honey. For appetizers and dinner, we got a warm goat cheese spread with pink lady apples, pomegranate, and crostini, rotisserie herbed chicken with the most luscious and sweet butternut squash, and the porchetta. We also got a side of fries with spicy aioli and ketchup. Everything we got was delicious and the portions are huge! The quality of the ingredients are fresh and organic. I don't think you can go wrong with any of the dishes here. Not once did I feel like I was waiting for my food. The service was fluid, and the food was excellent. Hands-down one of the best places I've eaten in San Francisco.
First timers here. Vibrant and eclectic crowd. From the moment we sat down at the bar and waited for a table on a walk in basis list, the staff and manager were extremely friendly and accommodating. Then the food came out which blew our socks off!! Unbelievable creations and combinations. No wonder this place has been around 10 plus years and busier then ever. A very special thank you to the manager for being accommodating.
I was really impressed! Came here for a 1pm brunch on Sunday with four other people, and I was running late because I'm a terrible person. Luckily the restaurant had seated the others in my party without waiting for me. Granted, their dining room was barely half full at that point so this place might be a good option for large groups for brunch when you haven't made a reservation. Dining room and bar areas are elegant, and there's at least two private rooms that looked like they'd seat 10-15 people. Our server was fantastic - friendly, extremely tolerant of our indecision, and happy to answer questions. He checked in frequently to see whether we needed additional drinks. Although the entree prices are on the slightly high side for DC brunch, their drinks are SO reasonable. They've got a great selection of fruit mimosas including passion fruit and blood orange for only $4! Also Bloody Marys for $6. I had the foie gras starter with the side of Brussels sprouts. The Brussels were good though not terribly exciting, but it was a very generous portion. I had enough to share all around the table and still plenty left to myself. The foie gras torchon was lighter than what I'd had before, delicious and came with fun accompaniments including a few leaves of greens, which is nice to break up all that richness. I asked for and received slices of extra bread at no extra charge. My friends were all happy with their choices of chilaquiles, smoked salmon and bialy (the presentation is beautiful with the salmon spread in thin slices and artfully covered with crumbled egg and dotted with capers), and melt in your mouth pork cheeks. We were seriously considering the sticky toffee pudding with bacon bits, but were too full to manage. Next time!
I really don't understand the hype of this place. I've been here on a few dates, and each time I thought the food was OK. I didn't think it was spectacular. Definitely thought it was way over priced for what it was.Each time I've tried different things but nothing has stood out to me. I wouldn't come back here unless someone really wanted to come here for dinner. There are a lot of places I would pick over this one.
O M F G!!! Everything you have heard about their famous Custard French Toast is true. The exterior is grilled to golden perfection. Nestled inside is the most luscious and creamy french toast you will ever experience. To note, there is no actual "custard" but instead a really moist interior that is reminiscent of a custard. The fruit side is just as delicious and that little thimble of syrup is pure bliss. PS. get the cast iron bread pudding - I hate bread pudding but after Nopa's savory version I have a new found perspective/appreciationThe custard french toast is definitely something you need to eat in SF before you die! Overall ThoughtsThe custard french toast It's one of the best things I have ever put in my mouth for brunch/breakfast!
I really wished/tried to like this place more!* Seems like the timing of when you ask for a table matters a lot. I got told 2 hrs for a table, and then 15min later - we got seated when someone in my group separately asked. Maybe she's much cuter than me? lol (and 1.5 hr later I got a call about my table being available....)Pretty much all the appetizers were on toast - although they were offering to just keep the bread off. But even the mussels were cold to be put on bread, so we wound up sticking to olives. For the entrees - there were a lot of amenable options to make gluten free - I appreciate the server being helpful with that. I got cod in some broth, and it was delicious even if a bit expensive for the size. The drinks were good.What bugged me the most was the service. We were about 1/3 at most into the small plate of olives and drinks when our main entree got delivered. Before I could react, the server reached to move my phone off the table. (Uh please don't take my phone... Give me a second - maybe reach to clear out a plate first??) And was pretty rude about it when I tried to say something/take my phone for myself... I thought maybe he was having a bad day so I tried to be extraaa nice to him, but he only half responded to things and was generally looking away. And once our check came, he literally would come around, take a glass, and move the check closer to the center of the table. Like shift it around, hinting for us to leave.... =/ I felt super uncomfortable. I was dressed nice - makeup on! I don't know why he was so condescending/snooty. Either way, shouldn't be my job to convince him to at least be polite to his customers.I've heard good things about this place and food was decent. But the atmosphere sort of ruined it.
Nopa is really great, there's no contesting that.At 10:40pm on a Saturday, my buddy and I thought we were going to have to eat corner store snacks, until we stumbled upon Nopa. It's open until 1am! They serve their glorious, glorious food that late, guys! There was even a 45min wait.Their cocktails are a force to be reckoned with. Bartenders, hosts, and waitstaff are all very friendly. We were lucky enough to be seated at the chef's table, so we got to watch the kitchen make everyone's food, which was super cool and also made me wish I ordered everything else on the menu.The large plates are very filling. If you're someone with eyes larger than their stomach, like your's truly, keep that in mind when you're ordering. The rotisserie chicken with sweet potatoes, kale and tsatziki sauce was pure heaven. It made me want a glass of whiskey and my bed, it was total comfort food.I'm now always down to go to Nopa.
1. I highly recommend the wood baked butter beans! Never thought a bean dish could be so tasty... like mac n cheese with beans!2. The pappardelle was also good. 3. Finish with the pot de creme. 4. Walk away happy.
Been eating here for years when ever I get to SF !I have never had a bad meal and service is always good with the changing seasonal menu ! We were a party of 4 that eat about 10pm as the serve to 1am. I highly recommend the grass fed burger and either fries or the great broccoli with vinegar grilled ! Mmmmm Please give the pisto sours a try they rock. I will continue to eat here as long as they continue great service with great food !
I had a wonderful dining experience at Nopa this past weekend. The restaurant was crowded and we were lucky to have had a reservation. My boyfriend and I were seated upstairs, giving us a great view point of the entire restaurant.Each dish was delicious. For starters, we ordered the warm goat cheese that was served with some pomegranate seeds and persimmon slices, as well as the chicory salad which has a nice spicy kick to it. For our entrees, we had the pork chop (juicy and perfectly cooked to medium rare) and the rotisserie chicken (tender and juicy). We also ordered a side of fries and the aioli it came with was incredible. Our server, Mariana, made sure our experience was an enjoyable one. She is knowledgable about each menu item and often came by the table to check in with us.
After coming here for a birthday brunch and hearing all these amazing things about Nopa, it was really good but isn't as amazing as I thought it would be. Nopa is the perfect brunch spot with it's scenic location, modern design, REALLY hospitable service, and great crowd, but think they need to really up their game if they are going to keep being a busy and bustling brunch place. For food, it took about 30 minutes for my friend and I to get all our orders and I was kind of disappointed with what I got. My friend ordered an EGGS IN JAIL which I tried and thought for the price it was really awesome and had the right amount of mushrooms, egg, and was seasoned well. On the other hand, I would not suggest getting the SOFT SCRAMBLED EGGS as it was supposed to have bacon in it, but had little pieces of it and wild rice was way too al dente for my liking. To end our meal, we ordered half the CUSTARD FRENCH TOAST and thought the texture was very custardey and bland by itself, but the huckleberry butter really helped make it a full dish. I wouldn't order it again, but it was a good portion for a half size! In terms of drinks, I am kind of sad that they don't offer bottomless drinks, but I appreciate the quality of their drinks. Their negroni is pretty awesome and has the right amount of campari, but their bloody mary was a bit spicy for my taste. I was told by my waiter that I could have suggested how spicy I wanted it, but their regular bloody is usually spicy. I am glad that I finally got to go to Nopa, but would rather go for dinner the next time I come!
My boyfriend and I have waited what seems like a lifetime to come here, booked a month in advance, and were not disappointed. Everything is so fresh and although simple, unable to be replicated. The appetizers are all amazing. The roasted chicken is excellent. The Pinot noir selection is great, and the service was friendly and courteous.
Very pleased with this place. Got here before they were open for dinner, so we got to hang out and drink cocktails before we ate.They have a good variety, with some drinks I hadn't seen put together before, and a few others I was surprised they had. (namely, Mezcal- who knew)The meal itself was fine- nothing extra special, but very decent at the same time. Probably it was the whole experience that made it great; service, location, vibe, and the funny hipsters look-alike that you see on every table. Will definitely come back.
Came here on a Sunday night around 830 and it was completely packed. veryCrowded and loud atmosphere even when we were seated upstairs. Waiters were nice and friendly, bit on the slow side. The food took FOREVER to come out, like over a hour. I ordered the pork chops and it was OK, it was tasty but honestly nothing spectacular. The portions were huge for what you pay for. The cocktails were really good and unique. I took two stars down for slow service (party of 6- spent almost 3.5hrs) and because there was a sickening fish smell coming from some of the dishes- not sure if it was from the open kitchen or the table behind us, but it came and went several times and was almost nauseating.
I've eaten at Nopa for brunch and dinner, and have had exceptionally good meals each time. Although popular, the restaurant is not too hard to make a reservation and always seats reservations on time. This restaurant has high ceilings which makes it a bit loud, but overall I enjoy the modern upscale atmosphere.I recommend the pork chop for dinner. It was cooked to perfection- flavorful + meaty. For brunch, I recommend ordering a french toast for the table for everyone to split then trying one of their unique savory dishes.Although I've been for the food, this is definitely can stand alone as a cocktail destination. Will be back. Cheers!
Met friends here for brunch.Even though they post an opening time of 11 on Sunday, we were there before because we could not get a reservation on Open Table. While waiting for our table, we wandered into BiRite, next door, for a hunger inducing visit into a grocery I've heard about for years. Very fresh and attractive looking food there.We sat at the community table and had a very nice brunch.We each ordered a different dish--smoked trout bagel, scrambled eggs, sausage with poached eggs and a burger with fries. All of us were very happy with our food. Even the French fries were good when they were cold, so we all nibbled on them at the end of our meal. My friend was delighted with her South African tea (forgot the name) since she just discovered it last month in South Africa.
I'm so overdue with this revue! I'm lucky to live nearby and have gone countless times for brunch, dinner, and popping in at the communal table. All absolutely fantastic. You can do no wrong. The french toast is some of the best in the city. All of the dinner items are incredible. I would typically break down feedback for specific items but I don't need to with NOPA because it's all absolutely incredible.The atmosphere is great, the service is impeccable. One of my favs in SF.
I took the boyfriend here for date night without a reservation and was able to grab spots at the communal table without much hassle! Don't be shy. You will have to loiter awkwardly around other customers while they finish in order to snag a seat... Make eye contact if you want to rush them even more. That being said, we ordered the Yelp famous dishes - pork chops and the nopa burger. The burger was cooked beautifully but the fries were mediocre :( The signature pork chop, however, was absolutely perfect! So tender and juicy and very well seasoned. I think it's a pretty good deal for how thick of a piece you get (for SF standards). I also think that their appetizers do not get enough credit. We tried a couple and while they were all great, my favorite was the baked beans. I don't even like beans and I loved this dish!
Waiting on this reservation for a month in advance, we all had high expectations coming in to our brunch at Nopa - which were met, for the most part. We only waited about 5 minutes past our reservation, and the staff was both helpful and polite (contrary to what one may expect at a highly-touted place such as this).  We sat upstairs because of our large party - this ended up making the experience MUCH better.  I went downstairs to check things out and go to the bathroom (probably the lowest rated part of my experience), and discovered a real difference in decibel level between the two floors. Being seated on the ground floor would mean less elbow room, less space overall, and shouting across the table just to be heard. Sitting upstairs meant more room to maneuver and a more peaceful dining experience. Highly recommend requesting this if possible. As for the food, what would you expect? Of course it's really good. You can just watch the kitchen, it looks like a show on Food Network. We all shared a few different things, got a couple cocktails, and a french press of coffee. Custard French Toast - very filling, but very good.  Just the right amount of richness. There is NO WAY one person can finish the double portion of this ($16). Don't even try, you'll regret it. It was a little more moist/doughy than I would've preferred, but I really enjoyed it anyway. Maybe more fruit next time. Coffee-Braised Pork Shoulder w/ Polenta - not enough meat. Everything tasted great, even the polenta, such a basic grain. For $18 I would've expected more meat, but the amount that was there was very flavorful and easy to pull apart - no knives needed. Egg/Sausage Dish - well-executed standard brunch fare. Sausage tasted better than what you find in the supermarket, and was a big size too. Overall probably the best value in terms of protein/$ ratio. Gin Ramos Fizz - first time I've had this cocktail, and it surprised me how good it was - especially putting things like egg whites, milk, lime, and gin together. Trust me on this one, you've probably never had it and you should. Coffee - Blue Bottle, french press for 4 people. Very nice, not much else to say. You can't go wrong with one of the big SF coffee names. Probably wouldn't go back with a large party, but a party of 2 or 4 would be good and less waiting time. It wasn't worth the month's wait, but maybe a week.
Arrived, with reservations, for a late Sunday night dinner, the pace was still very busy at that time. As I took my seat at our table, I could tell we made a good choice. What i like most about Nopa, is the casual atmosphere, along with serving what is possibly the best food I've had in a long time.We started with a couple of appetizers, crostini with goat cheese and strawberries and blackberries and also a flatbread pizza with cheese and bacon, basil and cherry tomatoes, both tasty perfection! I was craving a hamburger, usually i'm disappointed with making this selection at most restaurants. Not so with Nopa, everything from the bun, to the quality and texture of my burger were just right. And from the positive and rave reviews from the rest of our table, I can whole heartedly recommend Nopa. I look forward to returning, hopefully soon.
Good food, good drinks, and good company---hey, why not keep life simple? Hats off to fellow Yelper, Janice C., for inviting us to tag along for a notably gratifying dining experience here. Many have applauded this place for its urban rustic cuisine, so I'm thrilled that I finally had the opportunity to sample some crowd-pleasing dishes off of the menu. With all its public esteem, you definitely want to make reservations well in advance. During the evening of our visit, the place was swarming! I was definitely delighted by the vibrant ambiance. + APPS: After a round of excellent drinks, the table shared the *Little Fried Fish with cucumber, green olive aioli, and pimento and *Flatbread of Tasso spice ham, spring onions, mustard and white cheddar (my fave app). I was surprised to discover that the simple flatbread had such abundant, distinctive flavor. The deliciously seasoned fried fish was cooked to a tasty light golden crisp and I would say that its sauce on the side was a flavorsome compliment. These two yummy appetizers are a MUST ORDER! + ENTREES: My mister and I then shared the * Wood Grilled Burger with fries and the *Country Pork Chop, potatoes, snap peas, pluots, and mustard vinaigrette. The plump and flavorful burger patty was cooked to medium-rare perfection, leaving all its glistening juices. Yee. The fries on the side had a light crispiness on the exterior, which I appreciate. I liked how the fries weren't greasy and soggy. Bun was fresh. The handsome pork chop dish was well-seasoned and cooked nicely. Fit for a king. However, if you're a major steak enthusiast, I wouldn't recommend ordering the pork chop---just a preference thing. Nevertheless, both of these dishes were well-executed, IMO. I also got to try a bite of the *Moroccan vegetable tangine, toasted almonds, and lemon yogurt, which was freshly prepared and quite tasty as well. However, if you're a dedicated carnivore, this dish may not quite pique your interest. + DESSERT: At the end of the meal, we treated ourselves to some fresh out of the oven *Sopaipillas, which were fluffy, sweetened pillows of goodness. The luscious honey butter sauce/caramel was everything. + SERVICE: Our friendly server was attentive and made sure to always check-in on us. No issues in the service department. Excited for my next visit and I can't wait to try their brunch menu later this year!
This place deserves my love!I came here with a bunch of friends for brunch and the place was hip and hopping. We were lucky enough to get a reservation way way way way in advance! We were seated upstairs where the view was perfect overlooking the dining guest and full bar; while the windows allowed for a mass lighting to illuminate the room.Everything looked so farm fresh and clean, but I ordered the Custard French Toast and the Butter Basted Eggs. First off, best french toast I ever had! It was a double decker bread warm and tasted like came straight out of the oven topped with a sliced peaches and it's preserved and whip cream! It was soft and fluffy with a hint of sweetness to end eh! My Butter Basted Eggs came beautifully plated like a modern chaotic mural! The eggs were perfectly cooked while the johnny cakes was bready and sweetness provided by the corn. The salad a top was lightly seasoned and the beans provided some extra texture; the pickled onions added some crunch and slight sourness and the cherry tomatoes brought out the colors! Overall, a solid brunch and lovely place to enjoy it. The service and staff were attentive and on key; in the end a must go if you're ever in SF! - Enjoy!
Great restaurant! The only thing I wish they offered is reservations so come early and they do have open seating at the communal table and bar as well. Great service and the food taste great! They usually change their menus every month. As for starters, started off with:- Tomato Salad, Balsamic, Lime, Spiced Chickpeas and Mozzarella- Ravioli of Blue Cheese, Fig, Bacon and RosemaryEntrees: - Country Pork Chop, Toasted Quinoa, Grilled Peach and Pepper Pecan Butter- King Salmon, Corn Cream, Maitake Mushrooms and Cherry Tomato COnfit
Finally.I've been trying to get myself to Nopa for literally years now, but could never find time, thought it was out of my budget, or, *insert excuse to not fine dine myself here*. But finally, ladies and germs, I made it. Freshly back from a *very memorable* Euro trip with the fam bam, my lovely lady friends and I headed out for a night of drinking, dining, and catching up. We've been trying to stretch our classy bones a little more lately (trading up from Zeitgeist to El Techo, Underdogs to UpCider, etc) and Nopa has been on my list for far too long.We slipped into our booth last night and perused the menu carefully. I'd been given some recommendations prior to our meal, so we quickly chose a couple things to share, after we sipped cocktails: they both got the Summit, I had the Sunshine Fix. The latter was better in my opinion because it offered more of a sour, citrusy kick, which is what I wanted in my drink, theirs was more light and sweet.The first thing brought out was an off-the-menu item that was a gift from the kitchen and was the absolute stand-out dish for us all: *Duck Liver Mousse* on toast, topped with spiced pistachio brittle, fresh stone fruit, and a touch of parsley. Not only pleasing to the eye, but also a tender lover to the palate. Sweet, salty, rich, heavenly. We couldn't stop talking about it after it was (sadly) gone*Avocado Toast* so simple and so good, crusty toast with big chunks of avo, capers, kalamatas, and shaved Pantaleo. I actually just enjoyed the small bit we didn't finish last night and it was excellent even after 20 hours in my fridge*Flatbread* cheesy, delicious, bursting tomatoes, spicy arugula, sausage*Grilled Broccoli* lemony and buttery, topped with salty breadcrumbs*Wood Grilled Hamburger* which we made a cheeseburger with Gouda. So thick, tender, perfectly seasoned, juicy, mmmmm. Served with fries and a basil-parm aioli that was cream-worthyWe split a bottle of Spaltese Trucken Riesling. I'm not much into riesling, but when in Rome, right? Or majority rules, rather. For dessert we asked our waiter's opinion and then flipped a coin between the *Panna Cotta* and the Cornbread Shortcake. We ended up with the Panna Cotta and a lil gift from the kitchen of the *Dark Chocolate and Rosemary Semifreddo*. We were crazy for that panna cotta: light and sweet, unlike any other panna cotta I've had, even in Italy. The semifreddo was rich and decadent, but I'm personally not a needer of chocolate after a rich meal. Now, lovely Yelpers, after my lengthy and detailed review, I implore you to get to Nopa as soon as you can. My bank was not broken in the least, my stomach was full, my taste buds intrigued. I hope all the same for you when you go, and maybe I'll see you there as I am going to make it a point to get back soon and often for all the goodies I have yet to try. Chin chin!
My friend wanted to take me to a popular restaurant in San Francisco during my visit, so she made reservations for NOPA a month in advanced for a Tuesday dinner reservation at 8pm. A 4 star restaurant with over 4,000 reviews on yelp - NOPA seemed like a great SF dining choice. NOPA has a buzzing atmosphere with a clear young, trendy vibe. We were able to be seated promptly when we arrived for our reservation even though our full party was not there. It was very accommodating and a nice change from NY.Even though the menu was limited, we still had trouble deciding what to order! Everything sounded great. We started with the delicious avocado toast ($14) and Sweet Corn Soup ($7) for the appetizers - both highly recommend. For the mains, we all shared the Housemade Pappardelle ($23), Rotisserie Chicken ($23), Wood Grilled Hamburger ($16.5) and a side of broccoli ($8). All the dishes were tasty and well prepared. It's known to be the a true San Francisco "hot spot", and I agree - the ingredients were fresh and it all came together well. NOPA was a great place to meet friends for drinks/dinner. Our waiter was very attentive, and the food was very enjoyable. All in all, a very good restaurant and had great company to enjoy it with.
One of my favorites, great food and great service !
My bf and I came here for date night. Luckily I was able to snag a reservation at 6pm on a Saturday. We got there's little early and we waited to get seated. It's a nice open space, the bar looked like there were some great cocktails but I didn't try any. Country pork chop: 4/5: super juicy and tasty! Was not a bad choice. I asked for it to be cooked medium rare and it was cooked almost right. The outer part of the pork chop was juicy but closer to the bone it was well done and a bit dry. But overall the pork chop was good.Burger : 4/5: absolutely juicy. It was cooked medium rare and was tasty. The bacon didn't do much in my opinion but my bf throughly enjoyed the burger. The pesto aioli Was perfect to go with the fries. Warmed goat cheese: 5/5: it was delicious and went great with the baguette chips and fruit on the plate. I wish there was more fruit to go with the chips. Probably one of the best appetizers I've had in a while. Simple yet tasty! Overall, a great date place it just sucks that reservations are hard to get and walk ins do need to wait quite a while. Would definitely come here again if I can get another reservation! Total for 2: $100
This. Place. Is. Great.Probably one of my favorite restaurants in San Francisco. Their menu changes each night, so there's always new additions, and the chefs make what's in season. This results in exquisitely fresh, seasonally appropriate dishes. There's always a huge variety, so you can find something for everyone!When I went here with my cousin, we ordered baked brie with a berry compote, a cauliflower gratin, sauted squash and kale, and roast chicken. All were delicious!
BRUNCHI have been looking forward to my first time at NOPA for the past month when we made the reservation. I recently moved here from Seattle and have heard amazing things about their brunch. When my boyfriend and I got there, I quickly fell in love with the interior and sat in a nice nook on the 2nd level, overlooking the rest of the restaurant. My impression of NOPA dropped a little when we got our drinks and diminished even more once we received our food.DRINKS - thumbs downWe ordered the Orange and Grapefruit cocktails and the juices tasted like they were made from kool-aid powder and there was a lot of ice used. For this caliber of dining, I would expect much better cocktails.FOODBRAISED PORK - thumbs downThis dish was incredibly disappointing. Per the server's recommendation, we got it with a poached egg. The egg was completely overcooked and the yolk had no runniness at all. What a waste.The flavor was good, but the beans were slightly undercooked and there was only a small piece of pork. Not worth the $18.SOFT SCRAMBLED EGGS - thumbs upI quite liked this dish, actually. It was close to a stereotypical American breakfast: eggs, toast, and ham. However, definitely not worth the $18.I will not be coming back here for brunch and will not be recommending it to others.
Great food, great service, great place!Was fortunate enough to get a reservation here a month or so in advance (as many others have mentioned in their reviews). So definitely make a reservation to avoid waiting!Parking is tough around the area, as expected. Took us about 15 min to find a spot, so you may have to factor that in to your plans if you are driving there. Nice ambiance inside. Was very busy on a Friday night. The seating is a little cramped, but doesn't feel uncomfortable. It was also a little loud, so we may have had to talk a little louder to each other, but I never felt like I was shouting or couldn't hear what everyone was saying. Service was great. We were greeted immediately and taken to our table at the reservation time. Our waiter was very informative and friendly. As for the food, it was a little pricey, but wow was it good. I highly, highly recommend the pork chop. It's a really thick cut, and was cooked perfectly throughout. The warm goat cheese appetizer was an amazing starter dish. We also had the flatbread, roasted squash, and rotisserie chicken. All were really, really good! I'll definitely need to come back to try their brunch menu!All in all, it is a little pricey, parking is tricky, and reservations have to be made pretty far in advance. But the food, service, and overall experience will not disappoint!
I ordered the scrambled eggs but they came over easy... That was weird. The flavors on point but I was hoping for scrambled egg rather than slightly cold over easy eggs.
Although my group got (per person):- 2 cocktails at Topsy's Fun House- 1 beer at Hops and Hominy- 1 beer at Golden Gate Tap Room- 1 beer at HogwashWe were still able to make our way to Nopa for our 8pm reservation on a Monday night. (I couldn't believe how packed it was on a Monday!) And I couldn't believe we ordered a bottle of wine to share. I'm sorry, liver... you had to work overtime. - Warm Marinated Olives ($7): pretty standard- Manila Clams: it's an app, so there isn't too much... but it's delicious!- Country Pork Chop ($29): with arrowhead cabbage, potatoes, and english peas. This is so tender and juicy! This is definitely a party in your mouth!- Housemade Pappardelle ($23): with nine hour bolognese, zucchini and pecorino. There's just something magical about homemade pasta, and this one was just amazing. The flavors of the cheese and sauce were fantastic!- Duck Leg: perfection! - Sauteed Greens ($8): you have to have some kind of greens during dinner, right? ;)- Bombolini ($9): with cardamom sugar and coffee anglaise. These are like little donuts dipped in awesome sauce!- Almond Pavlova ($9): with ice cream, raspberries, and figs. This was kind of an interesting dessert to me cause I don't have it often. But the mix of all the ingredients was refreshing!All in all, it was a wonderful dining experience. If you're a big foodie and a big wino, you'd love this restaurant! Cheers!
Came here for brunch on a Saturday after my friend had made a reservation about a month in advance. Hear the wait times can vary but highly recommend making a reservation to avoid a long wait.Everything we ordered was delicious, and the presentation was amazing. I ordered the pork shoulder over the polenta and it was to die for! Pork was juicy and tender and the warm polenta was very soothing. Also split the stuffed french toast which was also great, but a little on the too sweet side. My friend ordered the burger and I had a bite, and I have to say it might be one of the best burgers I've ever had. Will definitely be ordering that next time I go, and highly recommend it! Overall it was a very positive experience and have to say Nopa lives up to the hype!
I might came at the wrong time and tried the wrong food and over all my experience was just OK-AY compare to everyone's Ah-ha moments here at Nopa. On the Yelp page, it shows they open 11am-1am. I got there at 4pm and the host said they only have bar opens (which serves drinks) and the dinner will open at 6pm. We walked around and came back at 4:45pm, decided to get in and ordered 2 drinks and the snacks, Yellowtail Tartarte and Nuts & Dates. Quite pricy. The decor in Nopa is modern and trendy. Then the dinner time opened, we both didn't want to get heavy dish so just got the Cod (forgot the name of the dish) and Fries with Aoli. I totally didn't know why I ordered the fries, it was very average. The Cod, on the other side, was very nice. Flavorful yet light, didn't give me a heavy lift or sense of greasiness. We enjoyed the Cod a lot.I've heard a lot great things about Nopa but my experience here was just alright; the service was nice, the food was... yeah, like I said, I might got the wrong dish, maybe I should have ordered the Pork Chop or Burger or came here for the brunch. I don't know. I don't know if I want to come over again and try to feel the amazing-ness which everyone is talking about. Let's see.
Nopa is one of our favorite restaurants. The food is great, the people that work here even better. We have always felt welcome and we have eaten here a lot, but not enough to be considered regulars. Which we'd love if it weren't so booked! The food at dinner, lunch and brunch has always been delicious and interesting. There are many must-go restaurants in SF but few that combine a welcoming atmosphere with great food and service. Nopa accomplishes all three which is why we love coming here.
Came here for brunch to try the famous french toast. Very moist and custard-ish.. felt very heavy after eating it so definitely order the half order. I think they also change up the toppings.. it was just okay, but looking forward to come back for dinner.
Just a bit of heaven. Every time I come to San Francisco I make sure to stop at NOPA. It may just be my favorite restaurant anywhere.The food, anything you order, from the oat bread, to the pork chop is expertly executed, flavor, structure and composition. It's one of those places where every bite will be delicious. The cocktails are just right, and it should be noted that the the bloody mary packs some heat! What's there to say about NOPA that others haven't said? It's just fantastic, IF you can get a table.
Nopa brunch was said to be legendary. My opinion: delicious but not exactly worth waiting two hours for.The custard french toast is the star of the show. It was a brick of wonderful goodness. The blueberry were cooked well and it wasn't overly sweet. The texture of french toast held. It was a gooey center but still had brioche integrity. The fried farm egg was delicious. The mustard sauce in the pan is unbelievable. Cocktail wise -- I got the grapefruit cocktail. It was refreshing. My friend got the homemade hot chocolate. It was a little too watery for my tastes but the chocolate flavor is there.Nopa meals are deceptively portioned. It may seem like a smaller portion but a food coma will creep up on you... and it can last past dinnertime. Solid service. We were never waiting for anything (but the initial table) for too long. The vibes were probably my favorite part about this brunch. We sat at the communal table and got to look at the mural of SF that was stretched on the wall of the upper level.Tip: Make a reservation. Do it. My friend and I went without one and it was highly stressful (maybe there was some hanger mixed in there too) to be standing there wondering if you're going to get a table or if you have to replan brunch around 2:30 in SF and make it to a solid brunch spot before it closes. Overall: it's a good brunch spot. Would I wait as long as Brenda's? No. Would I come back? Yes, I'd love to.
Get:Pork Chop: Lives up to the hype. Thick cut pork chop. If you come with a group and get a variety of things, everything will be delicious, but everyone will end up saying i wish i got a pork chop to myself.Manilla Clams: Just well done, sop up the sauce with bread. I would get this as an appetizer before the pork chop.Okay:Everything else.Note: They have specials but apparently they usually run out before the end of the night, i did not get to try because had a late reservation.
After hearing about NOPA for years (I had been to Nopalito 3 years ago), finally made it in for brunch this past saturday. My friend was able to snag a last minute rez for 6 people, which was unexpected and great. Echoing the previous reviews, the space and ambiance is great. It's clear very much thought goes into every detail, from the menus to the light fixtures. As for the food, everything was good. Not AMAZING, but good. It's kinda hard to mess up brunch, but my initial impression was that it was just a little expensive for what it was. Now, im coming from DC, actually a great brunch town, where even the fancy restaurants take a break with the prices on the weekend brunch menus. But this is San Fran, everything is crazy expensive, so I really shouldn't compare! But i do haha. I had a bloody mary, which was delicious and spicy. The table shared a few bread-y things to start, kinda forgettable, IMO. I (along with 3 other people in my group) ordered the soft scrambled eggs with potato/leek latkes and charred brussels sprouts leaves. I loved the leaves, but there just weren't enough. The soft scrambled eggs were plush and delicious, but kinda hard to mess that up. Overall i enjoyed my entree, but won't be dreaming about it for weeks to come!I would most definitely send a friend to Nopa, I'm still dying to go for dinner. After brunch we walked over to Alamo park and took a selfie with the painted ladies! We are tourists, after all.
This restaurant never disappoints. I've come here a couple of times and the food is just delicious. My fianc ordered the pork, my friends ordered the pasta, I ordered the mussels. The pork was nice and tender, good flavor and not overpowering. The pasta was cooked nicely but I didn't really care for the dauce. My friends seemed to have enjoyed it My mussels were delish, I had some yummy bread to dip in the sauce. I finished the whole thing.We ordereda few apps but don't remember what they were. Dinner was on the pricier side but the atmosphere and the company totally made it worth the money. Would come back different seasons to see what they have.
I was trying to figure out where to dine in SF when I read somewhere that Nopa was one of those hard to get into restaurants with outstanding food. I looked on OpenTable for the week we were scheduled to be there and found a reservation for 2 at 10 pm on Thursday. Yeah, I know but we were going to be on vacation so time wasn't going to be an issue for us. Luckily, we went on a bus tour earlier in the evening and we managed to find a bus route that would dump us near Nopa on Divisadero Street. We were about 12 minutes late for our reservation and I called on the way to let them know that we were still coming. Ironically, they knew my name when I called to say we were going to be late. That was one clue to how busy they were at 10 pm on a Thursday night. We walked in and the place was packed. There were people waiting outside. We checked in with the hostess and were whisked away to be seated upstairs. There is an open kitchen and you can see the chef and his staff making dinner for all of the diners. They also have a bar area and communal table that is first come, first served. The wine list is lengthy. I ordered a syrah instead of a cocktail and Sean ordered a King Collins (basil edv, ginger, honey, lemon). We knew that the burger and the pork chop were the things to try on the menu so he ordered the pork chop. After a few days of eating high fat foods, I opted for the Moroccan vegetarian tagine in my attempt to be healthier. I had inquired with our server as to what was in it and he sold it pretty well. I knew that Sean was willing to share bites of his pork chop with me so I was fine with that. The food is fantastic here. The tagine was rich in spices and was warm, comforting despite being vegetarian. I thought the vegetables in the dish worked really well. There were dollops of yogurt on top and I mixed it in to give the tagine a creamy consistency. I loved the almonds, chunks of squash, chickpeas, and olives in the dish. They even brought me a separate little plate to collect the olive pits. The pork chop arrived with a side of Swiss chard and sweet potatoes. There were pomegranate seeds and pistachio nuts sprinkled on top for texture. The pork chop was tender, juicy, and probably one of the best I've tried. For dessert, we had the Calvados gteau basque cake which was topped with an apple compote, vanilla crme anglaise, and candied hazelnuts. The cake was a bit dry but the dessert was otherwise good.  Service was exceptional despite the late hour. I think the restaurant got even busier as we were ready to leave. Does anybody work on Fridays in SF? If they do, they must work later in the day. 4.5 stars.
One of my (or should I say everyone's?) favorite places in SF. The food is always amazing, the atmosphere is cozy and friendly, and the prices are fair for the generous portions and quality ingredients. For all of its popularity, I'm impressed by how Nopa has continued to keep its standards so high and delivered a consistently top notch experience every time after all these years. Personal favorites are the bloody mary at brunch and the pork chop for dinner!
We came here on a Tuesday night, without a reservation and expecting a wait. I met my wife at the bar at around 6:20 (she arrived a bit before 6) and was quickly taken to a table. Our friend then popped up 5 minutes later, turns out she was sitting at another table after not seeing us at the bar. So if you don't have a reservation, arrive early on a Tuesday ;)We started off with a couple of cocktails that were unique and tasty. One of my drinks appeared on the table without me even seeing it being placed (ninja waiter). We then had some starters, the trout salad which was very nice and then the warm goat cheese with fruit which was superb. I accidentally dropped one of my goat cheese ladened crostini's on the table (goat cheese side down), before I could embarrassingly mop up the mess with my napkin the waiter had already innocently wiped the table including my mess.For my main meal I got the much hyped burger, it was very simple but still quality. Not sure about the hype but it was definitely tasty. I had a small taste of the other meals and they also tasted quite nice.Overall the food was up there, probably some of the best, not-over-the-top quality meals. The service was also excellent, not obtrusive but always there.
Avocado on toast was PERFECT. Pork chop was PERFECT. (Wished there was just a tad more sauce) lamb pasta was a bit on the salty side for the sauce but still very nicely cooked. Our server brought us complementary sparkling wine to help me celebrate my residency match, which was so thoughtful and sweet. However, every time a busboy came by to clear our plates they would take away our steak knife before our pork chop came! It was a bit hilarious but Heyyy they were attentive!
My first 5 star review of 2015 goes to nopa, for the BEST DAMN PORK CHOP I've ever had.While I normally don't go crazy for pork chops (I mainly eat spicy salted ones at Chinese restaurants) I was eager to try nopa's for dinner, since their meat options were more limited when I came for brunch last year. So when it was time to order and our server asked if it was ok if it was medium rare, the food foreplay had begun!Once again I had the best seat in the house, as our upstairs table overlooked the kitchen. If anyone didn't like their food that night, sorry, some of my drool must've fallen onto it.My COUNTRY PORK CHOP was thick, juicy, tender, and full of all sorts of delicious flavor. Pure perfection. I never wanted to be done with it. It was so incredible I didn't know what to do, I almost wondered if I needed to put a condom on while eating it. I notice they do different variations of it depending on when you go - mine had mustard vinaigrette, included carrots, and couldn't have been more satisfying. That's right, even the carrots were amazing!I don't know how one can visit SF and not make a dinner reservation at nopa, and use the occasion to check out Bi-Rite Market next door, and also spend time at the nearby Alamo Square Park/Painted Ladies.
Yesterday morning, I joined my girlfriend's family at Nopa to celebrate her mom's birthday. I had seen many great reviews about this restaurant, so I was excited to try their brunch menu. We had made a reservation over a month in advance, and we were seated immediately upon our arrival. I was surprised at how many people were at the bar just having cocktails so early in the morning. There were more people drinking at the bar than were seated in the rest of the restaurant. Intrigued by the activity at the bar, I ordered the Orange Cocktail which has Dolin Vermouth, Campari, and orange juice. The drink was slightly bitter (in a good way) and could best be described as the subdued, chill cousin of a mimosa. I'd definitely recommend it. We all ordered drinks, but the only other cocktail I tasted was the espresso martini which was really good. We placed our orders shortly after receiving our drinks. I ordered some coffee cake which we shared. The cake was crisp on the outside and warm and soft on the inside. It had just the right amount of sweetness which was complemented well by the richness of the creme fraiche. Although our server was really friendly and checked in on our table often, our food still took an inordinate amount of time to be prepared. We waited over an hour before receiving our food. There were even tables next to us which received their food first in spite of being seated after us, which was strange considering that they ordered similar dishes to us. Also, when they finally did bring out our dishes, they told my girlfriend that they overcooked her burger and would have to fire a new one. As an apology, they gave her a warm polenta appetizer. While she appreciated the sentiment, neither of us enjoyed the polenta. I tasted it and was not impressed at all. The polenta tasted overwhelmingly of cardamom and its sweetness clashed horribly with the sour taste of the blood orange yogurt. It reminded me of an Indian rice pudding gone wrong. If they are going to give the customer a free appetizer as an apology, they should at least let the customer choose what they get. Instead, the polenta was just wasted.Given the prestige of this restaurant, I was not very impressed with the food. My girlfriend's burger was no better than any other burger you would expect at a decent restaurant. The seasoning was simple, and all of the ingredients were basic (lettuce and pickled red onions). The fries were pale, bland, and not crispy at all. My meal was a little better, but not much. I ordered the smoked cheddar sausage with farro risotto, two poached eggs and grilled apples. While the sausage was very smoky and had great flavor, the farro was a little under-cooked and there was nothing special about the grilled apples. Maybe I'm just spoiled by living so close to La Note and Venus in Berkeley, but I don't understand why anyone would claim that Nopa has a great brunch. As expected the meal was relatively expensive. However, I was not expecting to see an additional surcharge at the bottom of the bill for "Employee Benefits" for roughly 4% of the bill. I've read a couple articles on why this is included as a surcharge instead of simply embedding the cost into the food cost and I understand the rationale behind it. I still don't like the idea of hidden surcharges though and think they should explicitly state that they include this charge on their menus. Overall, the atmosphere is great, the service is fine albeit slow, and the food is underwhelming. I would not recommend Nopa for brunch, and I don't see myself coming back to try dinner another time.
This place was absolutely AMAZING! Great atmosphere, great wine, great food, and great service! All around, this is definitely a place you MUST TRY while in the city! I had the bolognese, which on a cold night, was the greatest thing ever. If I'm ever back in San Francisco, this is definitely a place I need to revisit.
Came here for brunch after hearing such great things but unfortunately it did not live up to the hype...When coming for brunch, you can make reservations on Opentable a few weekends in advance if you want to avoid waiting a long time in person! My party of 4 happened to have to reserve 3 weeks in advance to get seats. The food - 1) Burger - Good but at $16 it was not better than other comparably priced burgers in the city. There was also not much in the burger, but if you just love a good fat piece of beef patty then you might like it.2) Custard french toast - Amazing!! Probably killed french toast for me forever since this was just so heavenly. It is frequently listed on the on 7x7 list of top 100 foods to try. It is only $8 for one huge serving and if iIhad gotten a side of coffee i think I would just be full. The $16 for 2 huge servings is great for sharing, which might be a good idea in any portion because otherwise it is just a ton of sweetness for the whole meal3) Breakfast soft eggs - Mediocre, just eggs and asparagus and bread. Not worth itNopa is a great place for brunch with parents or a date but is pretty pricey otherwise. Besides the custard french toast, nothing was standout among all the other great brunch places in SF
Nopa has been on my list to try for awhile and my fiance decided to take me on an SF date and we started off with brunch here! We got there at 10:30 and there was already a line to get in. The bar opens at 10:30 and it's open seating. But you can put your name down for a table as early as 10:30. We did try to make reservations, but they were booked a month out for breakfast! Sheesh. The hostess told me they would seat us at 11:15 at the communal table. Be forewarned it takes awhile for the food to cook, so we didn't really start eating until closer to 11:45.My fiance ordered the wood grilled hamburger ($16.5) which was solid ..a thick patty with a slice of bacon and you can add cheese too. Fries with basil aioli were pretty good even though I couldn't really taste the basil. I ordered the olive braised pork shoulder with farro risotto, salsa verde, roasted squash and purslane ($18). This may be the first time I've had purslane but it definitely added an interesting aromatic herb flavor to the dish! I added 2 poached eggs for an extra $4. The pork was braised well and fell apart nicely. The flavors were really great and not too heavy because of the purslane actually..and the poached eggs added a nice touch. I always love poached eggs :)We also shared a half order of custard french toast with peaches and cream ($8)...this still seemed huge to me, because we were so stuffed by the time we were done. I liked the French vanilla cream on top, and I wished there were more! The custard french toast was good but slightly overrated IMO. I can think of other french toasts that I'd rather have again.. (Corn flake french toast at Blu Jam in LA) Needless to say, we had good service and it was a nice brunch--though slightly on the more expensive side after tax/tip...but this is SF, what do you expect? The food was solid and we didn't have to wait too long. The communal table is okay if your tablemates speak relatively quietly. We had a pretty good table until we were wrapping up and the couple that sat across from us were really loud that I felt I was listening unintentionally to their whole conversation. So if you want a more private table, make reservations way in advance!
Decor is beautiful and the staff are amazing. Felt like it was overhyped though, particularly for brunch. They had an interesting menu specializes in seasonal ingredients which had me very excited, thinking they probably do an amazing job of creating unique dishes. But sadly I was let down.The custard French toast wasn't good at all. Maybe because it's titled custard, and that's my fault. I found it overly runny on the inside and way too gooey. It felt like I was eating eggy dough. The best part was the cherry topping which I found delicious, but otherwise unimpressed.The single baked egg dish was well made but there was no even distribution of ingredients. This means sometimes you got a bite of cheese, sometimes you got egg, and sometimes you got veggie. Frustrating. They could be more generous with the cheese, especially since that's probably one of the main reasons people order it. The bread it came with was good but overly crusty, a huge pet peeve of mine.I really liked that the OJ was fresh squeezed right in front of you. Delicious! My husband came for dinner once and said the burger was amazing so maybe I'll come by for this. In the meantime I'm sure there are better places to try in SF.
Getting into Nopa without reservations is kind of unheard of, but that's exactly what we wound up doing during the holidays in the city -- what else are you going to do without calling ahead? After checking in with our charming hostess, she was able to find us a booth for 3 after only about a 40min wait, quicker than hovering over the communal table or scraping up next to the bar on our own...The energy in this place is amazing and we were fortunate enough to come during a festive time. The menu changes often, perhaps even daily, I'm sure it just depends upon what's seasonal and fresh at the moment. We shared a couple of starters, followed by a pasta dish, and then an entree family style which is our usual preferred modus operandi although I would have wished for a fourth person so we could try another dish or two...The amuse bouche was more about the spicy salt than the citrus...We started with an Uni dish that was actually off menu that chef had offered that evening. I remember the uni being buttery rich and fresh, it was accompanied by a crispy chip and guac combo that was kicked-up of course while making you think of some uber fancy nacho plate. Although the Flatbread is more like bar food, I enjoyed the smokiness of the bacon along with the fancy broccoli di ciccio. Some say that if you want to make something better just throw an egg on top of it; idk but ham and eggs on a veggie base of brussel sprouts and squash worked for me...The fresh pappardelle had a nice bite to it, I liked it with the yellow eye beans and meyer lemon zest. The duck was ok but I felt as if the dish didn't need it, in particular the skin gave the plate a more Asian deli quality than I thought it warranted. Along with the uni we had earlier there was a definite Asian flair in the menu that night...A perfectly grilled boneless NY strip with root vegetables we shared, I liked the roasted romaine which up until that point I had never thought of pulling off but I found to be a delight. With just the right amount of fat on the outside, I sliced the steak on a bias to share revealing the nice even pink center...Pressed Blue Bottle coffee, yes please! Served with our choices of cinnamon caramel sopaipillas and brown butter crepes topped with persimmons, pomegranates, and pistachios -- yummy!...So glad we came, I can now cross off Nopa as a must try in the city...
"What's your favorite restaurant in the city?""Uh...based on what? Cuisine? Fine dining or comfort food? Price tag? Ambiance?"All excuses. But, when forced to commit to an answer, I would reply with Gather in Berkeley (still in love with that boar loin dish guhhh), more recently with Maven in the city. Now, it's a no brainer."Nopa."This place has got it all. Dinner on weekdays, brunch on weekends, and reservations accepted. Nopa's daily menu keeps a handful of staple items (e.g. burger, pork chop) but delivers variations on other selections (e.g. crostini, flatbread). Menu options cover a wide range of prices to fit all wallet sizes. Great service and a warm, cozy atmosphere create a comfortable dining experience for both casual/formal small/large groups.Let's recount the memory by counting through food groups!1) Beef. Even though Nopa's burger is 4th on my burger list (see my Monk's Kettle review), their $14 grass-fed hamburger with a slice of gruyere (or American, cheddar, bleu), pickled onions, and a very generous side of french fries is juicy and satisfying.2) Pork. $26 grilled pork chop, toasted quinoa, blackberries, hazelnuts, upland cress, and horseradish is a solid choice.3) Fish. $15 olive oil poached albacore, green beans, soft-cooked egg, and salmon roe is a light entree alternative4) Cheese. $12 warm goat cheese, strawberry and nectarine slices, and buttery toasted crostini. Soft gooey cheese and sweet ripe fruit = instawinner.5) Bread. $16 flatbread of fennel sausage, maitake mushrooms, tomatoes, and bleu cheese. Not my favorite because of the bleu cheese.6) Fruit. For a restaurant with such reasonable price tags, it was surprising to receive an amuse bouche of fresh local watermelon slices and Himalayan rock salt. Upvote.7) Sweets. If it's your birthday, they may surprise you with some complimentary cocoa nib shortbread cookies. Butter has never tasted so soft and smooth.8) Alcohol. $9 strawberry cava cocktail using strawberry eau de vie, or brandy, and cava, a sparkling wine. So delicious that even a fly couldn't resist ;) No sweat though--they replaced it immediately.Okay, so alcohol isn't a food group, and we totally skipped over vegetables (do french fries count?)...but whatevs, the food pyramid is old news anyway.Nopa: it's a no-pa brainer.
This place is delicious but takes a while to get a reservation for:/ A bit pricey but the food is quality and there is definitely an upscale feel to this place despite the noise and bustle since it's typically pretty crowded.My second time here and I ordered the pork chop which was a good size, but a little sweet for me this time around. We also got the flatbread which was tasty but nothing special. I used to love the sopaillos with caramel sauce here but now they swapped it out on the menu for bombinos(?) with coffee creme sauce, which wasn't as good, which probably means I won't be coming back:( This place still has a pretty solid wine selection and classy food selection, so I'll keep it ranked as 4 stars.
Came here for weekend brunch for the first time. It is very possible we came here on Nopa's off-day since the entrees were not very memorable.. The pork shoulder and sausage were dry and had to be thoroughly mixed with the surrounding spices for a tastier dish. The French toast, however, was amazing! The half-order was plenty for 2 people. I would come here again just to order that French toast. The entrees here may be hyped a bit, but I'll make sure to give Nopa another shot down the road (and hopefully edit my rating).(On a side note, I would give 5* to Nopa's Dir. of Marketing since everything about the ambience, seating, and detailed menu-look were alluring.)
I had a great dining experience this past Friday. Our table split the little little gems salad and absolutely loved it. For entree my sis and I split the Tagliateli in a bolognese sauce and the burger, all of which were outstanding. My BF had the pork chop and it's still a dish we keep talking about. I thought the service was really great and it's a place I would definitely add to my dining out repertoire. My only knock on the place is the dessert selection. Seemed too busy and desserts made with strange ingredients. I would classfy the food as comfort-esque but I expected the same with the desserts.
Nopa is hands down my favorite restaurant in the world. Their drinks are fabulous ( I like the Gold Room) the food is outstanding so fresh and seasonal, the service is excellent and attentive but not annoying, the atmosphere is inviting and open. I love how you can sit at the bar watch the kitchen working to create their amazing food. I just cant say enough, there is a reason this place books out a month in advance, but it is well worth the wait. Also my favorite brunch spot, you have to get the custard french toast for your table.
We came here for Sunday brunch. It was pretty packed. Luckily we were able to grab a seat at the bar area right in front of the kitchen area. So that provided some lunch time entertainment watching the cooks do their work. Watching some of the food coming and going from the brick oven. Really enjoyed it. Eventhough we were seated at the "bar seating" area we were taken care of by the wait staff with no issue.The food, so good. We got the burger and french toast. Both were absolutely sublime. The savory flavor of the burger was just right for us. I know everyone's palette is different but for us it was just right. The patty was nice and thick. The medium well was perfect as well. It still was moist and a tad of pink. The french toast stole the show for us. It was pillowy and not too sweet or over powering. The problem with come french toast at places is either too much egg or not enough but this place got it right. We were able to share both of our plates 50/50 and it was plenty.If you can get a reservation, or get as lucky as we did without one on a Sunday, this place is a must try.
Great brunch! If you want to have a table, go there around 1:30/2pm, otherwise the wait time is insane. I went there multiple times and the french toast is always a good choice :)
I REALLY wanted to try Nopa--I mean, who wouldn't with over 4,000 reviews?!! Even if they don't have 4.5 stars, a Yelper still wonders how a restaurant got so popular that it has more stars than any other restaurant in the area. After eating here, I'm still asking the same question but I'm happy I got to try this place.The cons: I've not used to standing around like a vulture ready to pounce on the open bar seating which is what you need to do if you don't have a rezzo and you don't want to wait 2-hours for a table. I was a bit astonished that two college girls went straight ahead and took our seating even though they saw us waiting and others ahead of them. I'm not used to being so aggressive, I would have offered it to the couple I see waiting ahead of me. Anyways, it wasn't too bad waiting for around 15-20 minutes drooling over the other parties food who were seated. I'm sure I made them feel uncomfortable but what else are you supposed to do while waiting around the open bar area? Awwkward. Is this normal? I've never done this in LA!The bartender who is a dual waitor and food server was pretty excellent. When they talk about good service in San Fran, I think this is it. He was stellar! He offered me water, menus, and even water for my bf who was standing up nearby, how super considerate! This bartender was busy and he operated suavely under pressure. Finally, we were seated after waiting for a couple on the right to finish their coffee (you can come here and *only* order coffee and another solo dining customer (so brave!).FoodButter Basted Eggs - Confit Potatoes, Bacon, Broccolini, Scallions and ChiveCrme FracheIt's a really pretty dish to take photos of. It's essentially eggs sunny side up with all the veggies sliced and decorated prettily around the plate. The crme fraiche is what really makes this dish as you dip all the foods (brocollini, potatoes, and eggs) into this crme. I wish there were more bacon--I'm such a fatty! I'd reco friends to order this for the photograph, beauty, and artistic expression of the chef.Custard French Toast - Roasted Flame Grapes and Honey Butter9 / 18MmmmMm, I want my Mom to try this--it reminds me of the Marie Callendar's custard pie but bread French style. There's no need to get the full size unless you have 4-people. The half size is more than enough for 2-people. I didn't really think the grapes complimented the French toast that well. It wasn't the best French toast but it was the most unique, it was really all about the custard. Like a custard pie rather than toast. It's def a dessert and not the breakfast which is exactly what the waiter recommended.Baked Ricotta - Warren Pear, Pomegranate and Crostini9The crostini was very delicious and well-buttered! I really appreciated how thinly sliced the pears were. How do they do that??? It made it perfect to put atop on the crostini.Overall a pretty great experience A LOT due to the excellent service from our waiter/bartender (and we didn't even order alcohol). I'd still be up for trying Nopa for dinner. Prices are reasonable for fancy looking dishes
The avocado toast and flatbread appetizer was amazing! Not only our waiter but ALL of the employees were very attentive to our needs and helpful with suggestions. Also, the drinks are out of this world
Meh... So I've come twice - once for the infamous pork chop and the second time recently for the burger, which is supposed to be one of the top burgers in SF.Disappointed both times, but I'm not going to write NOPA off completely, I think I just need to try their other items that are NOT overhyped -- I think my expectations were just too high. Also, I need to come to try brunch... and the rotisserie chicken.I'll start with the high points: I really like the open kitchen concept, the communal table and the fact that there's the 2nd floor seating. The service here is super nice and attentive. I think the apps and small dishes are better than the entrees, at least the pork chop and burger. I have a coworker that came here and he came to the same conclusion.Pork chop - to me, this just tasted like..... a really juicy, flavorful holiday ham. It must be the brine they use. I mean. I guess both are pork.. which makes sense. But if I wanted ham, I would have ordered ham. The portion is HUGE, definitely feeds 2-3 people. I brought home the leftovers and my mom and brother loved it. So maybe it's just me.Burger - it's larger than it looks. Patty is SUPER thick and is very filling. I asked for medium rare and it was a bit on the medium side so it wasn't super tender and juicy. I just had the 4505 burger a month ago and this paled in comparison overall..... and it was also slightly more expensive. Mmmmeeeeeh :(THE WARM GOAT CHEESE APPETIZER IS SIMPLY A MUST. A spreadable, mild goat cheese with crostini and whatever's seasonal (I came during fall so it came with thin slices of persimmon)
The best pork chop I've had. Really great service, nice ambiance with the high ceilings and open kitchen. Other great recommendations are the brussel sprouts, warm goat cheese crostinis and all their desserts! So yummy, ingredients are super fresh! Menu is seasonal so definitely worth trying out their specials.
Came here on a Sunday night without a reservation and was seated within 45 minutes at the Chef's counter. Not bad! We got to watch the chefs prepare all the food, felt like Food Network came to life in front of me.We, of course, got the roasted chicken and grilled pork chop. I don't think Yelp needs another review of how fantastic these dishes are. They were good, but I wouldn't say mind-blowing. The dish that stood out to me was actually an APPETIZER. I think it may be a fairly new addition. The tagliolini is a MUST try. UNI and BUTTER (our server kept repeating that) with roasted garlic on top. 2 weeks later and I'm still thinking about it. My only complaint is that I wish they served it as an entree!
Best advice given to me: OpenTable reservations past 9pm. If you can wait for a late dinner, you won't be sorry.A friend of mine would not stop talking about the pork chop at this place. I told him to take us and holy--our lives were changed. I will always order the pork chop here. It's cooked to medium with a bone-in and paired with a root vegetable and roasted fruit. I think it's the brine. It must be the brine. I don't know, but it's the best pork I've ever had in my life.Their rotisserie chicken is also extremely tender and juicy. Their fried broccolini side/app (if it's available) is super delicious too! Their menu tends to change, but their pork chop is forever.They also have a great selection of beer, cocktails and wine, which the servers are always happy to pair with your taste buds. Their desserts are amazing. Everything at Nopa is amazing.After the first time I was taken there with friends, I immediately came back a few days later with my boyfriend. After that, I took more friends there and they texted me about the pork chop the next day. I'm going to convert everyone I know.
Nopa is an SF classic that everyone should have on their eating bucket list. I've come here for dinner once and had the most amazing roast chicken. I've also been for brunch and recommend you come early to wait in line because even an extreme downpour will not prevent you from having to wait an hour. One of my favorite things to do is to stop by on a weekend evening to see if I can grab a seat at the communal table to treat myself to dessert. Nopa does not slack on the dessert so be prepared to have your tastebuds wowed. We stopped by one evening and ordered the pumpkin donuts as well as an extremely interesting spin on pear streusel. The "streusel" was constructed of frozen granules of pear sorbet sprinkled on top of the most amazing brown rice ice cream. This creation satisfied a hole in my heart that I didn't know existed! Conclusion of story - come here for any meal but make sure you get dessert.
I've been meaning to come here for a few months, but trying to book a reservation online is like winning the lottery. Unless you want to eat at 10 P.M. and I'm not the biggest fan of a late dinner. So one day, my gf decided to give them a call and lo' and behold we got a reservation! A month in advance, but at a great time on Saturday! So yesterday, was the fateful day and yes this place was packed! However, before we could even get in there we had to find parking which was a huge problem. Took me nearly 20 minutes to find a spot as I couldn't seem to find a parking garage, so I had to hit a local neighborhood between two house. Ah, good old SF parking. The service here was great. Fast. fluid, and efficient. The killer trio in good service at a restaurant, which is a hard combo to master. The food here isn't really all that expensive even though the dollar sign on yelp is at $$$. It seems like the entree of the hour is the burger as those were flying off the kitchen like hotcakes. Guess what? That's what I had an it was good! It's been voted the best burger in SF and I wouldn't put it in front of Umami's burgers, but it was pretty close. Very flavorful. The gf had the duck which was very succulent and juicy and honestly didn't even taste like duck. They have an EXTENSIVE drink menu, and I still ended up with the pisco sour. Overall, it might be hard to get a reservation here, but if you can it's worth it. One of the better places to eat in SF.
NOPA-licious.This place had me at 4K+ reviews.San Francisco and their hot restaurants... Its one of those places that people like me will write a novel about. Also It's one of those restaurants that can be hard to get a reservation. You have to play the "restaurant game". OpenTable showed 0 openings for Saturday. Made a call to the restaurant to talk with someone and there were several openings. We settled for 9:15pm since the restaurant doesn't close until 1am. The other options was to arrive at 5pm, drop your name on the list, wait until 6pm since first dinner seating is at 6pm to get a table. Our table was ready for us at exactly 9:15pm. The service was phenomenal from the moment we sat down at our table to the moment we exited the restaurant. And the food... portion to price + flavor + quality + presentation were on point. It was NOPA-licious.RASPBERRY CAVA ($10) - Raspberry EDV, Cava. Sweet tasting champagne garnished with a fresh raspberry. The after taste wasn't pleasant and I had to ask the bartender to make me something else.Summit ($11) - St. George Terroir Gin, Grapefruit, Lime, Honey. Fruity and refreshing! HIGHLY RECOMMEND.Smoked Trout, Red Onion, Pickled Beets, Radish, Crme Frache and Rye Toast ($15) - All the ingredients were blended together and there were four trout fillets cuts measuring a few inches long for consumption. The rye toasted was served on the side. I sampled the trout without the rye toast, although it was delicious and strong in flavor it should be eaten with the rye toast. The toast compliments the smoked trout and cuts the flavor down making it easier to take in per bite. I even broke down the smoked trout to spread it over the rye toasted and liked it better this way then in whole fillet pieces. HIGHLY RECOMMEND.SANGIOVESE "Retromarcia" Chianti Classico 2012 Monte Bernardi ($12) - I'm a sucker for Sangiovese. They say white wine pairs up with pork chops but I went rebel and paired it with a red - Sangiovese. I never had this Sangiovese so I had to try it. You can taste the sour cherry notes in the after tasted but nothing to bold to turn away. RECOMMEND.Country Pork Chop, Maple Glazed Sweet Potatoes, Green Beans and Pomegranate ($29) - I heard this was one of their staple dishes and most favorable dish to order (when listed on the menu). I was tempted to go for something else but heard this is the dish to order. So convinced by others advise, both of our orders was the Pork Chop. This plate is huge so expect to come here with a large appetite or you are leaving home with some left overs. The pork chop cut was thick, cooked medium, and tasted very good. It had a nice barely visible delicate sweetness brined on the outside. It did have moisture but when I needed more moisture I took a bite from the maple glazed sweet potatoes. The salad also had a sweet component, the pomegranate seeds. It's are really good dish, even the simple ingredients on the plate - they were prepared to add good flavor to the plate. HIGHLY RECOMMEND.Red Wine Poached Pear - Sweet Polenta Cake, Rosemary Mascarpone, Almonds and Pomegranate ($9) - where do I begin... it was heavenly!!!! It came with two pieces of poached pear with thin red wine redaction sauce drizzled around it. The pears were tender and succulent ready for flavor to burst into your mouth. The sweet polenta cake was above and beyond; it was fluffy and delicate and definitely on the sweet side - it reminded me of the best sweet cornbread you ever had... but probably better. The pomegranates and walnuts were the perfect texture component for this dish. The walnuts weren't hard and were likely boiled lightly to soften them but to not loose their flavor. If this dish is too sweet you can tone your palette down with dabbling the goodies in the Rosemary mascarpone - it didn't have much flavor. This dessert was on the smaller side but perfect if you are full from the main course. I did my best to savor every bite of this dessert and I wouldn't hesitate to get it again. HIGHLY RECOMMEND.JABA APPROVED. Until the next review...
Our waiter was exceptionally knowledgeable, kind, and patient. They have an amazing selection of primary alcohol, and we loved the food and decadent desserts. The pork chop was a little salty, but still superb nonetheless. Totally coming back here for at least a drink!
Expectations were too high.First things first: (I know what you are about to say, but seriously for a fancy place that takes 2 months to get in, I expected all details to be perfect) I hated the chairs!!! Everything else looked so nice that I couldn't help noticing that the chais looked like they were out of place. I know!!! It's not relevant, but I had to say it! Now the important part: food.- Goat Cheese: nice combination. Maybe too much cheese for 2 people.- Pate: I ordered this because it was recommended by the waiter, and it was not even close to be tasty.- Dessert: ok... nothing special.Overall, food seemed regular to me. The place is great, decor very nice and the ambiance is perfect for a date or a girls night out.
NOPA, you've done it again. Making my tastebuds happy and providing a warm atmosphere. I brought my friend here who just moved to the neighborhood to celebrate her becoming a San Franciscan. We came in around 5:15ish on a Monday and sat at the bar. We had a couple glasses of white wine - mine Chardonnay (Russian River) and hers Sauvignon Blanc (Saint-Bris). Both really delicious and decently priced. When it came time to order dinner, the waiter was accommodating to my onion allergy and made sure no onions were added to my dish. Our bartender was also very nice and not pushy trying to get us out, he let us enjoy our time there and our conversation. The customer service here, again, is really wonderful. We ordered the classic hamburger w/ gruyere and the manila clams for dinner. In part because we both wanted french fries and knew we could split the huge portion that comes with the burger. She really liked the hamburger, and my clams were okay. I feel that they could have benefit from a little more salt and some citrus. Thankfully, the Maldon salt that came with our amuse-bouche was left on the table, which helped. I should have asked for a wedge of lemon though to brighten up the dish.Overall, still my favorite restaurant in the city. I can't wait to come back soon!
Long wait for the food. Service was just ok. Rotisserie Chicken was probably one of the best I have ever had. Pork Chop: The first time I had it it was amazing. Second time was very disappointing because it was almost room temperature when served, which made the pork chop become a lackluster. We had to have the server reheat it. They need to have better quality control. Overall not bad but not worth a month's wait.
Everyone else has beat the dead horse about it, but I just have to say it: Get the PORK CHOP. NOW. Hands down, this is the best pork chop I have ever had in my life. If you didn't know prior, you could have easily believed this was a rib eye because it had the tenderness and juiciness of one. It practically melts in your mouth, it was THAT good. On top of that, the roasted apple and sauerkraut were excellent complements to the dish. They were so delicious together that I had to portion each bite just so that I could have a bit of pork, apple and sauerkraut altogether. My eyes would roll back with every bite.My only regret was not being able to sample more of the menu. But I don't care. I'm still dreaming about that pork chop. i need to come back here soon.
Nopa, what can I say? You touched my heart (belly, really) and surprised me in ways that I didn't expect. I wasn't sure if I should believe the hype and so I sat down a cynic and left a fan - you're going to want to get one of their cocktails (I had the Summit and it was fantastic!) to start and pick at least two dishes. I went with the vegetable tangine, which was both hearty and perfectly seasoned, and the roasted almonds were a nice touch. My friend had the burger, which they also enjoyed and we each had fries, which were simple but great as a side.  We had to make a reservation (was that needed?) and the place was packed for dinner, naturally but the vibe was very relaxed and you will probably find yourself more comfortable than expected. Cheers to nopa!
If you did not make a reservation, I recommend finding another restaurant because my friends and I waited 1 hour to be seated in the bar area. My friend got duck breast and my other friend and I got the pork chop. The pork chop was definitely better than any other place I've tried. It was so juicy and chewy! This is coming from a person who used to be a vegetarian for over 2 years! But I thought my friend's duck breast because I was never a fan of porks. Overall, everything was delicious and they were worth the wait!
It's a beautiful space, but relatively small and reservations were filled up for months! We got to brunch on the earlier side, and were able to snag 2 seats at the bar to wait for the community table seating. The food and drinks were meticulously prepared, but I will knock a star for service. Bartending was on point, but our server at the community table was a little spacey and had forgotten to put our food order in for about a half hour and could seemingly never be tracked down for water refills. We didn't mind the wait as much since we had had a small plate at the bar during our initial wait and he owned up to the mistake, but frustrating nonetheless. A gorgeous restaurant with great food and drink, but it gets crowded so come early/late, and be prepared to wait!
Everything was flawless. The service was flawless (Brenna...spelling?), both entrees were flawless, the atmosphere, so on. I had the best Old Fashioned I've ever had. My wife had the best rotisserie chicken she's ever had. I just have not one thing negative to say. The prices are...well, pricey. What do you expect? It's farm raised, chef overseen high end dining. You will spend good money for good food. Get the elderberry sundae. DO IT!!!
I had brunch at Nopa on a Saturday via reservations and it was awesome. Reservations are a bit difficult to get due to booking a few weeks out but it is well worth the wait. If you can't wait that long you can go at 10:30 am and put your name down on the list for the communal table and wander around Alamo Square or next door at Bi Rite Market until seating is available. Service is always attentive and great every time I come from the hostess to the servers. I ordered the Custard French Toast, Chile Braised Pork Shoulder and the Hamburger of course. The Custard French toast was a thick piece of toast that was fluffy in the middle while having a nice even crisp on the edges. A half order is enough to adequately share for two. I wasn't a fan of the candied Cara Orange but I just brushed it to the side, no biggie. The Chile Braised Pork Shoulder was a very nice suprise and good. It reminded me of carnitas but with sauce. It came with strips of tortilla chips, cuajillo salsa, cilantro and creme fraiche. The tortillas were a bit soggy due to drowning in the sauce but were good with the pork. The pork was very tender and flavorful.The winner of this meal was the hamburger with added American cheese and house smoked bacon. Yes, the burger is on the small side for $16.50 and it is $20.00 after additional toppings but it is worth it. I believe it's the best burger in S.F. The patty is just so flavorful and juicey. I've had it twice now and both times I'm at awe of how it's so flavorful. This is a must try if you're a burger lover!Nopa combines fresh ingredients with excellent service and provides scrumptious food to the masses. I'm a big fan and can see why it is so popular. I haven't been to dinner there yet but the reviews for the Pork Chop are high so I'll be back.
We had drinks and supper here while on a trip 2 years ago and it was one of the best meals we had in San Francisco, hands down. When we went back recently, we just had to dine there again. When we walked in early during the day to book, the waitress apologized profusely and said they were all booked up for the next 2 weeks. We thanked her and said we had a great time and meal last time we were in town 2 years before and would definitely be back some day. The owner overheard us from the bar and immediately walked over and said he would figure something out for us. We really appreciated it! We went back for supper and it turns out he had added a note to our reservation; we were served a few special appetizers on the house! Thank you guys so much for yet another great dining experience in a city that loves to eat just as much as we do :-)
Ah NOPA, I dream of your bread pudding french toast. NOPA is one of those restaurants that everyone in San Francisco talks about as being "so San Francisco." What does that mean? Revolutionizing whole neighborhoods, new American cuisine with a California twist, hipster vibe, yada yada. It's delicious and everyone should check it out at least once!I've been to NOPA several times now and I've yet to be disappointed there. Their dinners are of course famous for the pork and burgers, and I've never been disappointed by any of their seasonal offerings. But their brunch is what I love most. The french toast (which I don't normally even like) is soooo soft and brulee-y. So soft, so decadent, so oozing with fruit compote and syrup that it feels like the most amazing dessert you could possibly have. So be sure to split it and not have it as a whole entree!I've had amazing quiche, croque madame, and other seasonal offerings at NOPA, it's hard to say which are my favorites, just because the menu does change fairly frequently. I think for such an awesome restaurant, prices are really reasonable, and they're open late, so if you can't get reservations (likely) and don't want to wait, come after drinks, because they're open until 1! Servers are great, and it's spacious with even upstairs seating.
I've been wanting to eat at NOPA for a long time but haven't been able to get a reservation. The food is pricey but very high quality and prepared with care. Everything was cooked and seasoned perfectly. The service was the best part. Attentive without being annoying. Just very professional.
As long as you go in with an "I need to wait forever" mindset, then you'll be fine. We waited almost 2 hours but wasn't even hangry! The brunch menu options all sounded really good. I had the smoked trout was good but I wouldn't actually recommend it. Go for the oven baked eggs or french toast. Good atmosphere; def should check it out if you are in the area! I wish they did reservations!
Beverage program is one of the best in the city. Service is always great. Great late night spot, when I say late night, I mean service till 1am...forget the bacon wrapped hotdog, leave the bar hopping early, grab a seat at the bar if you are able or if you are lucky grab a table and enjoy real San Francisco food.Big oooops on my part, booked a reservation, came in and found out that I was not booked. The hostess was very gracious and accommodating, she found us a table in less than 15 minutes. It wasn't until I sat down and looked at my confirmation email that I realized that it was for the next day. Yeah...I was the guy.
Nopasf would have gotten 5 stars but the reason for only 3 is...I work in the restaurant industry, front and back of the house manager, but when I saw an employee pour a glass of wine from my bottle that I brought, to be decanted and pass it around to other servers for a taste, it was like duh, don't you know I bring wine for my enjoyment and not yours...and then there was an employee that needed to wear deodorant. Major turn off for the palate. How do you expect me to enjoy what I am tasting for the first time at a highly rated restaurant when the odor makes you want.to cry...Our server and the food was awesome.5 stars for that. I will return.Remember 1) Get your bottle decanted at the table or have them open the bottle at the table and let it breathe there. 2) Bring an air freshener if you smell the B.O.
In the same week, I went to Nopa for dinner and for brunch and both were delicious experiences. The service was impeccable both times, and I would eagerly return for dinner or brunch again to try new items. The space is also gorgeous - light, open, airy. Dinner: we shared the warm goat cheese with crostini and nuts. Excellent. I had the Moroccan vegetable tagine, which was great. My friend has the pappardelle with some form of meat, which was also very tasty.Brunch: shared the walnut sticky bun, which was good. I had the soft scrambled eggs, which that day were Mexican-style, with tortillas, black beans, crispy chickpeas and pickled onions. Excellent! My friend had the basted eggs, which I tasted and also enjoyed. We also split a strawberry custard french toast, which was pretty amazing. We didn't have a brunch reservation, but I got there around 10:00. They open the doors at 10:30 and start taking names. I was the second in line and they put us at the chef's counter at 11:15. So we wandered around Divis for a little while (farmer's market) and then came back for our meal.
Grabbed a seat upstairs with a reservation for 4 for Saturday brunch. Despite it being ~75F outside, they had the heat blasting in the restaurant! We had to ask for them to turn it off and they apparently didn't even realize it was on until we gave them the feedback. (Clearly there is opportunity for tighter back end operational efficiency...)The service was a bit slow throughout the meal and typically I'm more forgiving when it's a full house but the heat made it difficult to overlook. The food is really tasty. We had the pork should (which wasn't as heavy as I thought it sounded), the burger, custard french toast and the sausage and egg. The custard french toast seems to be popular, (based on the many reviews), but I didn't fancy it too much. It's way to sweet and rich for a breakfast dish. I would not recommend outside of ordering it as a dessert option to share. The burger is bomb and the basil aioli was the cherry on top. #fantasticI'm not sure its a $16 worth of a burger but it was perfectly cooked and delish nonetheless.Overall solid food with a couple of operational opportunities. Not sure there was anything outstanding enough to bring me back.
This is the place to get your brunch game on in San Francisco. Reservations are hard to get so if you can, make a reservation. We didn't have reservations so we lined up at 10:30am when the restaurant opened and put our names on the reservations list for communal table. Once your name is on the list, you can hang out at the bar, walk around the area, grab coffee, check out the farmers markets down the block, or chill out at Alamo Square a block away. We got seated prompted at 11:30am. I actually think the communal table is one of the best tables in the restaurant. It's right in front of large glass windows, perfect for people watching, and I love my natural sunlight. Coffee Cocktail (Ice coffee w/ whiskey) was delicious! Of course, had to order the BURGER with gruyere cheese -- the patty was perfectly juicy and flavored! Ketchup was on point! Definitely recommend the burger. We also tried the French Toast and it was okay. I liked the thickness and texture of the bread but the custard wasn't cooked all the through and the center was soggy. Their house coffee was yummy though. Service was excellent. Decor and ambiance of the restaurant is beautiful and perfect for a Sunday brunch. Definitely a great choice to "brunch so hard."
This place was ridiculously worth it. Our server was Andy who me and my boyfriend loved!! He knew the menu inside and out, even though the Chef purchases the ingredients the week of!The food was so flavorful, mouthwateringly tasteful...mind you we were here 2 months ago and we still dream of their food *drools* honestly would recommend, it's a bit on the pricey side but the experience and the ambiance is a well worth it.
Solid brunch. After making a reservation literally 3 weeks ago... some friends and I were finally able to get our coveted spot in Nopa. i'm actually pretty impressed that the entire place was actually completely packed when we showed up at 1:30pm on a Saturday.This place is pretty quintessential yuppy brunch. It's interesting because I've realized that most people apparently come here for dinner... but we opted for brunch. Service was good about being attentive without being intrusive.I ordered the butter basted duck eggs and my friends got the smoked trout and the french toast. I also got a cream soda with orange juice--pretty sure the orange juice was actually fresh-squeezed since you could taste the pulp, but it was such a delicious drink! Highly recommend.The duck eggs were solid--two sizable eggs with duck, polenta, carrots in some super yummy sauce, and arugula. I don't even like arugula and I finished this salad because it was so good. The duck was really tender and flavorful and the polenta complemented everything really well. My friends liked their stuff as well--definitely go with the half order of the French toast--it is GIGANTIC and was a bit too sweet for me, but that's pretty much the main "sweet" brunch item they have here. Most items here are definitely of the savory variety.Service was actually great. I guess we waited for an abnormal amount of time for our food, so they actually served us a super yummy salad that was on the house in the meantime. It's these little things that I think help make a restaurant really distinguish themselves. Final price came out to be about $22/person which is a bit more expensive but not unreasonable. tldr; good brunch for sure. would be down to go if I had a reservation, but wouldn't want to actually wait in line for this. great service and delicious food though
Booked brunch on Valentines Day one month in advance through OpenTable since I've been wanting to try Nopa for a long time and they fill up on reservations super quickly. We chose to sit upstairs and it had an awesome view of the open kitchen and ground floor. The decoration is beautiful and the service is friendly. In general brunch at Nopa is a pretty casual environment. We ordered:Custard French Toast - Candied Cara Cara Oranges, Rosemary and Housemade Butter ($8 for half order and $16 for whole order). This is the famous brunch dish and I'm really glad I read the other Yelp reviews that the french toast was huge and a HALF ORDER IS ENOUGH for one person. It is extremely rich and filling and hands down the best french toast I have ever had. I don't even know how they got it to be so custardy!Butter Basted Eggs - Hash of Butternut Squash, Potatoes, Bacon, Spring Onions and Sherry Vinaigrette ($16) sounded really interesting. The dish is good but nothing particularly memorable for me.Coffee Pot de Crme - Smoked Vanilla Cream, Hazelnut Biscotti and Kumquats ($9) was a unique mixture and I liked the serving presentation. There are several cups worth in the pot so definitely enough to share among a group of peopleOverall, it was a great experience but I think that there are a lot of other equally good brunch places in the city with less waiting time or need to book a reservation way in advance. Definitely check out if you are a huge french toast fan!!
Perfect pace !!! Perfect perfect perfect The best service that I ever had in restaurant , they are going truth the smallest details it is incredible! When you're gone from the table for a sec they clean and replace the napkins for you ..The food is awesome I think I don't need to say anything 4000+ reviews speaks by their selves..So yes I would definitely recommend this place !!!
Look, forget the hype. Or the long wait. This place is solid if you stick to the starters and desserts. Sure the pork chop and burger get all the credit, as they should. But the flat bread is always tasty and the sopapillas for dessert are the best. You can totally eat here for under $25. Must haves: -Flat Bread-Warm Goat Cheese, Asian Pear, Persimmon and Crostini-Braised Pork Belly, Fennel and Olive Tapenade
Lovely staff, delicious food. Ordered the basted eggs and sausage with poached eggs. Delicious! Only recommendation would be for more breakfast cocktails on the drinks menu. Will likely be back next time I'm in the area.
Obviously the wait can be rough if you do not have a reservation.I got to try the French Toast- absolutely delicious and had an order of the zucchini fritters with scrambled eggs which tasted really good as well. Coffee they only served Blue Bottle which sucks because its not my favorite but they have a selected variety of Teas ($5).I would really suggest ordering 2-3 dishes and splitting amongst friends to taste everything!
3.5 stars. It was a good meal and the restaurant was gorgeous but I think I was hoping for more. We had a 6pm reservation. We arrived at 6pm and were told the dining area would be seated in a minute. There is no waiting area so we kept having to move when people came in the door or coats were being put in the closet. By the time we were brought in and seated it was 6:10. Might seem picky but with no place to wait and there being a room full of empty tables, no good reason to make us wait at the door. Drinks were small but good. I ordered a drink I have at home all the time and it came out fairly different than what I am used to. Good different but not what I was expecting. They were super attentive asking us if we needed refills. Dinner was ok. I had the burger, I don't get the hype. Fries were okay but nothing special. My boyfriend had the steak. He said it was good. We came here while traveling. I would not rule out eating at nopa again, but with so many great restaurants in the city to try it probably won't happen.
For some reason I wasn't excepting to enjoy Nopa as much as I did, maybe I thought this place was all hype but it has its own backbone for sure! The space is huge and well light which sometimes I feel is uncommon in SF. We got the Kale Salad, Chicory Salad, Pappardelle, the Pork and the Caramelized Polenta. The two best where the Chicory salad and the pork. My Pappardelle did not have enough pasta for me and way to much meat but I know many people who would enjoy it the way it was served. The Caramelized Polenta was an overall a delicious and unique since I had not had polenta in a sweet/dessert form. At the end of the day this place is definitely a must try! I can't wait to go again!
While we had some family in town last weekend, we decided to go to Nopa for brunch. One of our family members who is local picked it and I was stoked since I've always wanted to try this place out.On Father's Day Sunday, we arrived around 12:30pm and waited about an hour - not too bad. The brunch menu was limited on this day but interesting enough. Between our group, we started with the Roasted Strawberries and Oven Baked Egg. The Roasted Strawberries was by far my favorite thing that I had here - lemon mascarpone, figs, walnuts and toasted amaranth, yum yum yum. The Oven Baked Egg sounded so good, but didn't deliver - I thought it was an odd combination of ingredients and just had an odd taste.For our meals, we had between the group the Smoked Trout, Soft Scrambled Eggs, Smoked Pork Shoulder, Custard French Toast, and Hamburger. All of their dishes sound so great and have such great ingredients, but I thought the flavors were a miss. For a restaurant like this, I would have expected to take a bite of everything and think "OH MY GAWD", but nothing gave me that reaction. Everything was just ok, good. Anyhow, I would still love to come back for dinner one day since that's what sounds like to be their winner meal.
I've only been to the bar here, so I can't speak for the actual restaurant. I like the vibe of this place though- the servers and bartenders are very nice and attentive. The drinks are great- although they don't have much wine selection.I would totally come back here- my friends and I really enjoyed our time at the bar.
Past Friday I went to Nopa with my family. It has always been one of our favorite dinner spots, but this time it was disappointing. The rotisserie was undercooked, and the cod was nothing spectacular. I will say we enjoyed the Fuji apple sliced soup, but everything else had no taste.
I think NOPA is a 3.5/5 stars place. There is definitely a lot of hype around this place and I will say it has excellent service, food is solid, and the ambiance is definitely pretty fun (great for a group of friends or a date). Reservations are tough here and the food was definitely some gourmet New American (with the price tag to back it up).I ordered the Rotisserie Herbed Chicken, Autumn Squash, Tzatziki and Pickled Beets. Here is my review about it (had posted this on my blog so apologies for it not being super concise)The chicken. If you're hungry, this is for you. It's cooked perfectly with a crispy and flavorful skin on the outside and moist and juicy inside. I would put it up there with some of the best baked chicken I've had, ever.It also, is served with a Tzatziki sauce spread out along the plate under the chicken (the sauce and the chicken are indefintely, harmonious like peanut butter is with jelly). My one rant would be that the squash as the side didn't pair too well with the chicken; since it was a little sweet and overpowering if you ate it in between bites. Overall, a dish I would order again because it is simple, juicy, flavorful, unique, and executed well. My girlfriend got the burger (we did the usual split) and it was my second time having the burger. Was thoroughly impressed with how it was this time vs. the first time I had it.The gruyere cheese is rich but, not overpowering. The garlic aioli is savory and rich. The bacon has that perfect texture balance between soft and crispy. The beef is juicy and cooked by a veteran chef who knows what "MEDIUM" means. And lastly, the bun is guaranteed fresh, soft, and has just the right amount of bread to soak up the juice but, still doesn't get soggy. This burger is known around San Francisco and I will atest to the fact that now I know this does make sense...I think the hype is kind of over the top and the prices go along with that. Overall, I'd recommend it to friends and family. Also, looking forward to trying their brunch...
Review #3801 for NOPA. if you don't know by know... this is one of San Francisco's hot spots. Make your rezzies well in advance, and if you get lucky, you're in.The location is great - NOPA used to be a bank in the 1920's, and they did a great job in transforming the space into a two-level, wide open restaurant. A bar, open kitchen, booths, tables - I love the atmosphere and the liveliness once you enter. We got the WOOD GRILLED HAMBURGER (pickled onions, french fries and Chile lime aoli, $15) which was a bit too "red" for a medium but otherwise a very decent burger. Good portion size and a LOT of fries.The WHISKEY BRAISED PORK SHOULDER (butternut hash, bacon, broccoli di ciccio and sherry onions, $16) was well presented and delicious - I really like the butternut hash.Service was friendly but they forgot to put in our order for appetizers - the GOAT CHEESE BREAD PUDDING (parsley, mint and pickled onions, $9) came last. Also, ordering a second cup for the BLUE BOTTLE FRENCH PRESS COFFEE ($3.50) took three attempts.It's the little things.
Had a variety of items from their August 2015 menu including:the fried sardines (4 stars)wood baked butter beans (3 stars)calamari (4 stars)pork chop (5 stars)duck breast (4 stars)pappardelle (3 stars)chicken (4 stars)The food was memorable especially the pork chop, which was so tender, juicy and meaty as if you were eating a fat hunk of rib eye. I would not get the pappardelle again though. The service was accommodating and the overall experience was great.
Very disappointing. Compared to other similarly priced restaurants this fairs poorly. The dishes are designed to be easy to make and serve, not to please the customer. This is a profit first enterprise with an undeserved reputation for good food. Too bad.
Knowing that we wanted to take my fiance's brother & sis-in-law out to dinner while we were visiting San Francisco, we looked for a restaurant somewhat similar to Searsucker in San Diego (where we had a great family meal a couple months before) ... and NOPA was exactly what we were looking for!Our meal was easily 4, 4.5 stars, but I'm rounding up because of the experience. Generally speaking, our food was perfect, needing only minor tweaks here & there. But the experience, our treatment, and our server made for a wonderful evening! We made dinner reservations for 9:30pm, but we arrived so early! We took a chance & checked in anyway. Luckily for us, they were super accommodating & managed to seat us around 8:15pm, about 15 mins after we arrived. So great of them.We started with an amuse bouche, which was a little piece of crostini with a fruit dipping sauce & a little bowl of sea salt. Interesting, I guess? I wasn't too concerned with it, since it was complimentary.My in-laws ordered Brussels sprouts as an appetizer for us all to share. They were very crispy & crunchy on the outside, soft & tender on the inside, and had an egg on top. I'm a great fan of Brussels sprouts, and these were no exception. I could have eaten an entire bowl of these as my main dish! So, of the four of us at the table, three of us ordered the pork chop lol. It was really, really good. The meat was perfectly cooked, and the sides were very complementary. Like others have mentioned, it could have used a little more sauce on the side -- maybe we should have asked! And I mean, I really appreciate the gesture, but the portion size is HUGE. Also, of the three people at my table who ordered it, the server gave me the biggest chop! Oh my!Dessert was not what I expected, but still very cool. We ordered an assortment of plates: citrus cake, sopaipillas, and an ice cream trio. Of our table, I feel like I was the only one who appreciated the citrus cake. It was almost a cross between a tart and a lemon bar, with slices of dried lemon cooked into the cake. Really tangy & delicious, if you ask me! As always with ice cream medleys, I usually like one, love one, and hate one lol. The ice creams were done nicely, but the flavors catered more to my fiance than me. The sopaipillas were these light, fluffy pillows of dough. Like a square zeppole, kinda. They come with a chocolate dipping sauce, and they are pretty much little square puffs of perfection. Order these, if you're smart and only order one dessert.So, all in all, the food was great, and the service was excellent. Our servers were friendly & attentive, and I really appreciate that they were able to accommodate us early, especially considering their usual wait & demand! We had a really fantastic time here, & you probably will too. It's a beautiful restaurant!
Excellent duck leg dish and pot de creme dessert.Pleasant service.
After a false start many years ago I finally gave NOPA a fresh look and I'm glad I did. Came for brunch and started with the ham biscuit, which took some of the h-anger away with savory goodness. The soft scramble over-performed and the perfectly ripe avocados and roasted beats alleviated any decadent brunch guilt. Service was on the ball and we had a very nice meal.
Completely mind blown! Now I know why it was super hard to get reservation. All the dishes that we ordered were on point! Came here for dinner on a Sunday night with reservations at 10:15pm but we managed to get an earlier reservation at 9pm the day of. We ordered the fried Brussel sprouts and parsnip pear soup as appetizers. Both were so out of this world good, we couldn't imagine how good the entrees would be. The Brussel sprouts seemed like a simple dish but it had the perfect balance of lemon and salt. The soup was amazing. All the flavors were there and you can taste both the parsnip and pear.The pork chop was so juicy and flavorful and was paired well with the persimmon salad. The roast chicken was a huge portion and also very juicy as well. Next time I'm in town, I will definitely try their brunch!
My bf and I got to try this place after a month wait of placing our reservation request for dinner time.We ordered and shared:- broccoli with anchovies, appetizer: 6 pieces of broccoli (I counted). It was good, but for all the comments here that it will be the "best" broccoli you'll ever have....? Nope. Maybe here in SF, but hands down the best broccoli I've ever had so far is at Black Bottle (Bellevue, WA).- smoked trout, appetizer: Pretty good, no complaints here. - marinated olives, appetizer: Slightly disappointed in the variety of olives they picked, but it wasn't bad. There was one type that we could not stomach, so it went to waste.- little fried fish, appetizer: Pretty good. Fried sardines.. not too greasy and the sauce/dip gives it a lot of flavor- duck leg, main entree: Meat was falling off the bone, and the skin was extremely crispy. Very good. For the month wait and also the raving yelp reviews, I had high expectations. While the food was good, it didn't blow me away. However, I do want to note that we don't eat pork, and I have seen many rave reviews on their pork chops. If we ever go back, I would scale back on sampling the appetizers and focus on the main entrees since none of the appetizers blew us away.
GoodService.Fish looked good.The burger isOverpriced and new pastry chef delights.
Don't get me wrong, all the food is very good here. The only reason I am giving Nopa 4 stars is because I don't think the hype is justified. For reservations, there is generally at least a 3 week wait. Most of the time we unanimously agree that there is similar if not better food in the city.That being said, all of the food at Nopa is absolutely fantastic. The service is always good and the restaurant itself if cozy. The warm goat cheese starter is simple in flavor but good. The pappardelle has a perfect texture and the salads are simple but perfect. In general any of the "toasts" I've tried have been on point. The fried brussels sprouts/ Moroccan vegetable tagine are also always crowd pleasers. I can't think of anything bad to say about this place except the hype.
"Possibly, the best burger I have ever had in San Francisco" was a line I used to hear a lot whenever I overheard people talking about Nopa. I'm uncertain if I'm completely head-over-heels sold on Nopa being the best burger in SF yet, but theirs is certainly one of my favorite (Umami's is also hard to beat). Even if you are not a burger aficionado, I would highly recommend giving Nopa a chance. Almost everything I have had here has been consistently delicious, balanced and well cooked. What I like most about Nopa is that it is one the few restaurants in the city that stayed open late. Yes, open until 1am. I can't help but think the owners and chefs are amazing because they are time-flexible and seem to understand that people crave something delicious to eat, especially at night. If this is your first time here, just be warned that there is usually a wait. However, don't let that deter you. Hop on over to the bar, grab one of their delicious house cocktails or selected beers (I approve), and maybe some appetizers to share amongst friends catching up on life. By the time, your table is ready, the mood is lively and everyone is ready for some serious food. Now, onto the menu. First off, I really loved our waitress! She was funny, brutally honest, and had an opinion about drinks to appetizers to food. I was really happy with our meal by the end of the night, thanks to her great suggestions! My favorite appetizer in the evening was the avocado toast, granted I did have a problem of it being oversalted. Other than that, it was crunchy, buttery, warm and refreshing. For entree, I highly recommend getting their pork chop, a regular on the menu. It was extremely well marinated and cooked. The side of potatoes was buttery and soft. Loved it. I also enjoyed the grilled leg of lamb. I've had grilled lamb chops many times, but this was my first time having the leg grilled. It was good, not gamey at all, moist and flavorful. I really enjoyed the grilled artichoke hearts that came with it, which added an earthy touch to the plate. The yogurt sauce really lightened up the dish as well. Since there were 4 of us, we also ordered the burger with fries and aioli. The burger meat was tender, cooked to perfect medium-rare doneness. However, the meat was a bit under-seasoned. Whereas the bun was a little oversalted. Overall, I would have preferred the meat to be more seasoned and the bun less so. It was still one of the better burgers I have had in San Francisco.For dessert, the four of us shared the almond tart with berries, olive oil and thyme ice cream. I was really intrigued by the use of naturally savory elements to the almond tart. Since I generally love the combination of sweet and savory, I thought the dessert was very tasteful. The ice cream had a tint of thyme, which worked will the rustic fresh berry compote and crumbly almond tart. Overall, the dessert was perfect. Highly recommend checking out Nopa if you haven't already. I'll definitely be back for a great way to tap the night off with friends. Bon appetit!
Meh. Overrated. I got the custard French toast and bf got the burger and shared the app..can't remember the name but I actually liked it the most. It was bread with mushrooms, greens and an egg. Good thing I made reservations and didn't have to wait or I would be sooo angry lol.
Like OMG! Granted the food is good, it's the people that's the problem. This place epitomizes everything that is wrong with San Francisco of late. I can sum it up in one memorable line "Mark Zuckerberg is no Jerry Garcia". The city that once spawned the beat and hippie movements is awash in disgusting money grubbing techies. The overheard conversations here almost made me puke. One young lady in her early twenties had so much make up on, you could not actually see any of her skin. The three bartenders looked like they had been recruited in an opium den; incredibly waifish with de rigour satanic tattoos. Sad, just sad. Well, we still have New Orleans.
Now, Nopa is my favorite spot to eat in SF. The service was top-notch and the food was art.I had a smoke chicken dish and french toast. Both are great. I can't wait to try more from their menu. Only downside is that it's hard to reserve. But it's not impossible and it's so much better than waiting for 2 hours like other restaurants.
As someone who actually lives just a few blocks away, I really wanted to love Nopa...but it's hard to live up the hype machine this place has created for itself.Nopa is a solid place. Great food, friendly service, cool little artsy menu. All that is nice, but the food didn't blow me away.Now the bacon? Dank. Definitely get the bacon. And if you're just dying to have brunch at a place with a cool vibe, well then Nopa is also for you. Cool people, fancy drinks, packed with lots of youthful, positive energy. Nopa is always buzzing. Otherwise remember that Nopa and the Haight are filled with dozens of other brunches place that are half the cost and just as good -- maybe even better. But you will definitely feel like you're at the spot while you're eating here. And that's certainly worth something.Now is it worth 4-6 weeks wait time for a reservation? Well that's for you to decide.
Food was amazing, drinks great and service at the bar excellent. Didn't enjoy the fact that the 'first come first seated' policy for the bar is in fact pick someone to stand behind and wait for them to finish. However if that was explained when you came in then it would have been 5 stars as the food worth the wait.I had the squab which I was told is only available on Sunday
Came here pretty late in the evening for a date. I felt as if the food was good, but the service I received here made me round up to 4 stars.Brussel Sprouts - SOoOOO good! super crispy and salty. Has a little creamy sauce drizzled over and a sprinkling of pomegranate seeds. I could eat this over and over again. LolTrout - delicious. lots of mushroom flavor in a tasty broth with some greens and lentils I believe.Pork chop - beautiful presentation, but was just okay. Massive pork chop served on top of some sort of sweet parsnip cream sauce, which was a little weird and normally I like parsnips. I know they state that they serve the pork chop medium rare, which is technically safe (technically - T. spiralis is killed around 137 degrees F) but I just can't get over seeing my pork chop entirely pink. Meh.We received excellent service from the moment we walked in the place.  Great host, server, and sommelier. All friendly and unpretentious. I'll be back to try them brussel sprouts again and something new ;)
Had dinner here on Saturday night. NOPA is a hip place...the whole urban rustic look all the cool kids are into these days. All the tables were full and all spots at the bar were taken. Make reso! Let's get to the food...1. Flatbread - of spicy fennel sausage, caramelized onions, scallions, and other good stuff. YUM!! This is a must get for appetizers. 2. Pork Chops - good but not amazing. I wish it had a little bit more sauce. 3. a glass of Pinot Noir - perfect pairing with the food I'd come back, just for that flatbread :)
Brunch here was fab, but very, very slow. I would say it took at least 20-30 minutes for our food to arrive. Good thing we ordered some bread to start, or you'd be looking at a table of 6 very hangry people.I had the sausage and poached eggs, and everything was perfectly cooked and portions were just right - I left full and satisfied, but not feeling sluggish. My sister's scrambled eggs and hummus toast was also very tasty, and equally filling. I think everyone's portions were just right, except for my friend who ordered the butter basted eggs. It was literally 2 eggs and like 4 pieces of potato. It looked pretty though, haha. I also had a bite of my friend's custard french toast which is what they're famous for, and it was indeed rich and sweet. I would suggest sharing that unless you have a very big sweet tooth just because it's so decadent.
We went to Nopa for a late night drink and wow! Their coffee cocktail is AMAZING. I believe this item is an off the menu drink but it's definitely a must-try. We can't wait to come back to try their brunch or dinner menu!
I absolutely love Nopa. If I could afford to eat here more often, I would. Price-wise, it is a good place if you are looking for a nice meal and willing to spend more than average SF prices, depending on how many delicious drinks you have. Both their brunch and dinner are to die for.For dinner, my favorite starters/sides are the fries (seriously, the best fries), warm goat cheese and the baked butter beans. These are all great dishes for sharing. The aioli that comes with the perfectly crispy, salty fries changes from time to time, and almost every time we have to ask for extra aioli because it is that good. The goat cheese is simple enough, a little (but not too little) ramekin of warm goat cheese with crunchy crostini and seasonal fruit, but I still have to get it every time. The butter beans are big white beans covered in a hearty tomato sauce, topped with breadcrumbs and something creamy -- maybe ricotta? Either way, they are hearty and delicious.You may have noticed that all of these items are vegetarian, because, yes, I don't eat meat, although I do dabble in the seafood territory. So please read other reviews for deets about the meats. And I'm sure many people have said it, but for brunch, you have to get an order of french toast for to table, if not yourself. The serve it with a generous pat of butter on top and a little dish of maple syrup, which you should definitely coat the toast with. It is super thick and almost gooey in the middle, like custard although not at all soggy. You have to try it to understand.As far as drinks go, everything they make is delicious. I admit that I don't always know what all of the different liquors they use in the mixed drinks on their menu, but you honestly can't go wrong. They can also make you pretty much anything, I love there whiskey sour (with egg white). And, as you would hope from a place of this caliber of food and drink, the service is always impeccable, you never run out of water or have to wait too long for anything.
When me and my friends asked around this place for a good hotel to do party .Every one said that Nopa is a good one. And we conform Nopa.I realy enjoyed the taste of foods , the clean and neate saroundings and interious makes this very atractive. Nopa is a good choice..
I'm giving this 5 stars because every time someone asks me where to eat in SF, I point them to Nopa and tell them to order the pork chop and flatbread. I've had most of the items on the menu and they're ok but the pork chop just keeps me returning. This restaurant has pretty much ruined me from ordering a chop from any other restaurant because nothing is ever as good as the one from here and then I regret ordering it. Nope has truly broken me for pork chops. Darn it, what will I do if Nopa isn't a stone's throw away??? I guess I can't move out of the area.
Was surprised to get a same night reservation even if it was a Thursday night dinner. The place is nice and bar area is packed. The menu changes daily and just our luck nothing on the menu seemed appetizing on that day. The food was pretty okay really. The fries were good especially with peanut dipping sauce. Entree - The Moroccan vegetable was okay and the rotisserie was a large enough portion but that too was ordinary - meat wasn't juicy and the skin wasn't crispy.Dessertd - the hot chocolate was pretty liquidy. We also got some chocolatr tart and i dont recollect it's name. It was too grainy and i am not sure If it was supposed to taste like that.It was a nice place and the service was cordial but the food was very ordinary and tad too expensive for the dining experience.
I can only assume to somehow find cuisine better than this, you'd have to drop a helluva lot of cash. The restaurant provides five-star everything for a three-star price.Nopa, for what it is, is simply as good as it gets.How in the hell does this place have only a four-star rating?!?
Had dinner at Nopa for the first time. The brunch was amazing but the dinner was even better. Gordon was probably one of the most knowledgeable servers I've met in San Francisco and does his job amazingly. We had a lot of the menu and I mean a lot. Since they change the menu almost weekly there's not a lot of sense discussing it but the pork and the fries are a must try. The fresh made Pizzettas are also a must try. Can't really go wrong with anything as all our expectations were surpassed.
Hard to believe a vegetarian(?) restaurant could offer so much. Plus Prince likes to eat here so, Nopa, you're a star.
Came here on a Sunday night with a party of 6 to celebrate a friend's birthday! Head to the bar to grab a drink while you wait for everyone to arrive and the table to be ready!I started off with a glass of Pinot Noir Rose at the bar and it was light, and perfectly chilled. It was so nice of the bartender to let me taste it before she gave me my pour. We ordered a bunch of appetizers and these are my favorites: Warm Goat Cheese, strawberries, walnuts, and crostini - my fav! Who doesn't like warm goat cheese! It was paired well with deliciously sweet strawberries and walnuts, I devoured most of it.Flatbread of bacon, potatoes, green garlic, mozzarella and chile oil - a nice light flatbread pizza with yummy bacon and slices of potatoes, great to share with a group.I didn't want to eat something so heavy for dinner so I opted for the Roasted Black Cod with Indian woman beans, snow peas, cilantro and radish. Let me tell you, it was the best black cod I've ever eaten! It tasted so fresh, moist and the meat wasn't dry and flaky. It almost tasted like fatty sea bass but was lean and smooth and went well with beans in this delicious sauce and snow peas. A very healthy option! I felt great about eating it and it wasn't heavy since our dinner reservations was at 9pm. For dessert we shared a bunch of items but the one I loved the most was what the birthday boy had. The Chocolate Pot de Crme - Oloroso Anglaise, Olive Oil, Sea Salt and Hazelnut Biscotti! It was like creamy chocolate pudding, so rich but not overly sweet. So good!The Sopaipillas with cinnamon caramel sauce is also an honorable mention! Its pretty much a warm sugar beignet with a side of caramel sauce that you can pour all over!The staff was friendly and attentive, loved the venue and high ceilings! What a charming place!
Holay food Holy Grail! I've had this place bookmarked FOREVER! The face that I needed food before a show at the Independent brought me here FINALLY.Nopa definitely delivered. We decided to sit at the bar since apparently you need to book reservations far in advance.The bartender was incredibly friend and chatted us up. He even helped us get our order in stat so we could make it to the show in time! We ordered:-Housemade Pappardelle, Nine Hour Bolognese, Rainbow Chard and Parmesan Food orgasmic! My friend never had pappardelle and said it was the best pasta she ever had.-HamburgerReally hearty and tasty meat. You also get a big wad of delicious fries. You can never go wrong with fries.For a place like this, the pricing was exactly what it should be. However, it is not he pricier side.I'd say this would be a cute date spot.
Let me just start this review by saying the food was absolutely delicious. The problem was theservice. We used to go to Nopa two or three times a month when it first opened, and were always impressed by everyone who worked there, friendly greeting at he door, Neyah the most wonderful bartender, and servers who knew had just the right touch with guests. We moved away and hadn't been back for a few years, and were a little disappointed that the vibe had changed. The greeting at the door was just like I remembered, very gracious and friendly, then it changed. The woman who took us to our table was a bit unsmiling,and as we sat down a person in our party asked her a question, that honestly, she should not have known the answer. Instead of politely saying she didn't know, but she would check with someone, she just said she didn't know and walked away. Our server was actually very friendly and efficient. The thing that bothered me was that he was all about programmed service, confirmed when he greeted the table next to us exactly the same way, down to saying we have the best hamburger in the city. It seemed to be more about schtick and charm, rather than service. When we used to come in the past, the servers had that great sense of taking a quick read of the table, then understanding how to proceed with service. Though friendly, I felt like it was chain restaurant service. Maybe this is more a curse of nostalgia, that something is never as good as you remember. We still had a wonderful time, and plan to come back soon.
I ate here after 10 pm on a Monday. I was happy to find a place that was open that late. My friend had nothing but great things to say about Nopa, so I was excited to try it. I'm only giving it three stars, not being the food was bad, but because the service from the bar manager was so unacceptable. At first, he seemed very friendly and knowledgeable. He told us all about the squab special, which sounded so delicious that we ordered it. We also ordered two drinks. I can't recall the name of the drink--my friend ordered them and said he'd had them there before and they were great. When the drinks arrived, they looked very unappetizing. They were a lime green color and had a strong chemical taste. My friend told the bartender that we didn't love our drinks, that they had too much Champagne in them. It wasn't really the Champagne, they just tasted terrible. The bartender was VERY gracious about it and offered to make us something else. What could have been awkward was not because the bartender was so professional. However, a few minutes later the bar manager came over and said, "I told you they were Champagne drinks." I found it strange that he made a point to come over and call us out for not liking our drinks after the situation was over. It made us feel uncomfortable and like we did something wrong. A few minutes later, the chef came out and said he had something to tell us. He said that the server had given our food to the people sitting next to us and they had started eating it. And that they were out of the squab special now. He was extremely apologetic and owned up to the mistake. He said to order anything else on the menu and he would comp it. We were disappointed but were satisfied with how the chef handled the mixup. We ordered the chicken and it was very good. But I couldn't help but be annoyed that the guy sitting next to us eating our meal, seemed to be enjoying it so much. I said to my friend, "If you're brought food that you clearly didn't order, have you ever eaten it? Who eats food they didn't order?" I did say it loud enough for the guy sitting next to me to hear. He turned to me and was very defensive and said he felt bad about it but thought it was being given to him for free (he didn't say it in a nice way AT ALL). I was like, why would you think that? The bar manager jumped in and said they often given free food to their employees. Apparently the girl sitting next to him was their pastry chef. I said, if you knew you'd taken our food, you could have at least apologized instead of sitting there basically licking your fingers. It's called being a decent human being. The bar manager said he didn't appreciate me disrespecting their employees. I was really taken aback. I told him I didn't appreciate his attitude at all. I was very upset and told my friend I didn't even want to eat the food, I wanted to leave. It was such a negative environment. Maybe someone talked to him because when the bar manager came back he'd had an attitude adjustment, although he didn't apologize. At that point, I just wanted to get out of there. Although I appreciate the chef's attempt to right the wrong, I don't see myself going back to Nopa. I don't need to pay to be treated that way.
Fresh California menu that keeps pace with the changes in season while staying true to their amazing standbys. The smoked trout salad is the last thing I tried here and loved. This restuarant sold me on SF on one of my first visits here. Loved the dinner vibe when I was a city newbie and now years later. First meal was at the communal table with my family, had the halibut with corn and summer squash. Dessert was a highlight - so fresh and so summery...local farmers cheeses, honeycomb, and strawberries. Yes, please. Great ambiance for family, friends, or dates.
Fan-f*cking-tastic.That's all I feel I need to say about this place. But I'll detail a bit more. I heard it was popular, and when I went to make a rezzie day-of, the best I could get was 11PM on Saturday. This worked out, because my gf wasn't getting into town until 10PM. So we drove over, had no problem getting seated at the counter in front of the wood oven, and perused the menu. Everything looked amazing. We settled on the rotisserie chicken and the pork chop, but had serious desires to try the duck leg. I also had a hibiki whiskey-based cocktail which was pretty good.The chicken had an rich, pervasive flavor that reminded me of buttery goodness but didn't feel buttery inside; the texture was smooth and the skin was nice and slightly crispy. The pork chop was HUGE! Cooked medium rare, it was a good inch+ thick, large slab on the bone and had a deep flavor, amazing tenderness and good outside crispness. Prices were decent for a nice Saturday night spot, and we got to watch all the dishes prepared and come out which was another nice plus. I can't wait to go back and try more stuff. Why are you still reading this? GO NOW!!!!
I've eaten here for dinner twice - the first time I felt it was overhyped but the 2nd time I thoroughly enjoyed it. The 2nd time we actually came in pretty late - they're open until 1am and got a bunch of appetizers + dessert. We loved the avocado toast and the lamb tartare. Also, the toasted almond cake with fresh berries was out of this world. I hear brunch is where it's at here so will definitely need to check it out soon!
Before my bf and I went on our trip to the bay (back in September), we already decided to do our anniversary dinner up there. My friends, who currently live there suggested NOPA as we wanted a place with good food but was causal enough that we didn't have to wear a fancy dress and suit. We looked up NOPA and were happy to see that it was just a few blocks from the place we were staying. On the night we went to our dinner, we were lucky enough to score a seat at the chef's table and our wait time was about 30 minutes. For the appetizer, we ordered a salad that came with pickled vegetables, ham, and a poached egg. For the main course, my bf ordered the pork chops and I ordered the rotisserie chicken. The chicken was super moist and delish and the salad that accompanied it was equally tasty. In fact, the salad was so tasty my bf couldn't stop eating it and that kid hates vegetables!! Although the chicken was good, the best thing we ate that night was the pork chop. Mmm and the quinoa that was served with the chops were so damn good.. honestly, that dish was one of the top 20 best dishes I ever ate.My bf and I already decided if we were to visit the bay again, we would eat at NOPA twice.. at the least. I mean why not?
My brother had just completed his college graduation ceremony and after the umpteenth "you can make your future" speech, we were spent.It was 10:30pm.We were very hungry.Nopa plopped down a pork chop the size of my head. It cut like hot wire through cold butter. The potatoes crisp, but soft. And trust me on the Cherry Mostarda.There was beer. There was wine. One party member fell asleep.Five Stars.
Three weeks ago the soonest available Saturday brunch was Oct 31, so I went ahead and made the reservation. Somehow when I checked a week later a1:30 spot was available this Saturday. I immediately took the reservation and with high expectations arrived at Nopa 5mins to 1:15pm. We were greeted and seated promptly. The waiter was courteous. A star for the service. They would come fold your napkins if you leave your spot, they bring utensils to you in a wooden box and pour/serve your beverage with one arm behind. That's like a Michelin starred service. Ambience is okay. It gets noisy but I think no one really mind or pay attention to it. The review for the food. We ordered a burger ~ bun and meat came out satisfying, with a side of two small leafy greens and rounds of onions. The fries were very dry. Table next to us was saying the fries were dry too. We also ordered a French toast ~ and have to say, was kinda disappointed. We ate 2/3. But, I'm looking forward to my next dinner reservation next month. I would like to try the famous pork chop.
so worth the wait!both times ive been here with no reservations and had to wait about 30-45 minutessitting at the bar helps plus you're closer to the bartenders who make amazing cocktails!food is always inventive and delicious! and the dessert is even more excellent! always a fun try and choose just one...
I had the burger medium, and it was really juicy and flavorful and quality tasting. My son had the custard french toast which was really bomb as well. The prices were a little on the steep side, service time was a little slow but it was really busy so I understand. i would recommend giving it a go if you're in the area.
We had dinner here for my 60th birthday celebration. The food was incredibly delicious. The smoked trout was the outstanding appetizer for us. We shared the cod, pappardelle, and chop, all excellent.The service was attentive, our waiter was very knowledgeable and efficient. They served the cake my daughter brought with candles. It was great fun.It felt a bit odd, tho, that our waiter didn't ask about the huge birthday poster my daughter brought, didn't engage in our celebration.We will definitely go again.
Great service. Booked a brunch for 2:15 on a busy Saturday about 3 weeks before on Open Table. It was tough getting a brunch reservation but this was the earliest I could get. The week before Super Bowl 50 where the city was crowded. We arrived at 1:45 and the 4 of us were seated right away. Friendly hosts that offered to coat check our jackets. We were seated upstairs and my daughters liked watching the kitchen make fries and French toast. The BF got their cheese burger with spicy aioli. I loved dipping the fries in the aioli. It had a unique pleasant burnt pepper taste. He ordered it medium but it came out more medium rare. Still delicious. Kids shared their custard French toast and a side of bacon. The French toast was delicious. Loved the light and creamy custard with a tint of cinnamon. I had their chorizo sausage on top of hominy and spinach with green sauce and topped with two poached eggs. I liked the sausage and sauce. I never had hominy before and didn't know what to expect but I didn't like the texture. Service was great. The server suggested that we get a first course since it will take 20 minute for our entrees to come. We were ok with the wait and weren't that hungry to try anything else.
Nothing nearly 4000 reviews haven't said already.Make reservations or come at opening to avoid crazy lines. Appetizers were delicious and creative. I could have stopped at the entrees, but the pork was steak tender! Cocktails are on point, too!GO HERE!
We finally got brunch reservations here, at 1:45pm on a Sunday, and came in realizing we didn't need reservations at this time. After all the hype, it was actually a pretty casual, unintimidating atmosphere (though definitely nice enough for a date). Just, you know, it's not Gary Danko. And that's fine by me.---- BRUNCH ----Custard French Toast: 3.5 starsThe tallest, thickest slice of toast I've ever seen. The filling tasted like savoury cheese - Gruyere, or of chives like a quiche or a soft scramble in the middle of the toast. It threw me off a little, and I have to say I'm more a fan of Olea's and even Pork Store's French toast. Doesn't help that my partner makes French toast on par with Olea's I suppose. My mum didn't like the texture, thought it was overrated.Burger: 5 starsThat was a divine burger. I could drink that basil aoli.Smoked Trout: 3 starsCame with a grilled bagel and endive salad.Quiche: 4 starsButter Basted Eggs: 3 starsCame with black rice cracker and tzatziki, with a beet salad.The service was great, and I'd definitely come back to eat more and drink more (the bellinis / mimosas looked fabulous).
Effn phenomenal place for brunch, can't attest for the rest of the menu, but with the prospects being so high, I can't imagine the rest of the menu disappointing. Staff was great, friendly, helpful, and despite being super busy, still made time for chit-chat. Loves it!
Cool experience, excellent service!
Coming here at 12 am and still got treated right away with great service and food? I love it! Coming here after work is really the best because I just absolutely love their burger. Its simple, but the execution was just right. In addition, the drinks were pretty good, overall, I would gladly come to here again after work time! Thanks Nopa Crew! Youre the best when it comes to midnight service!
I can't believe I never wrote a review for NOPA! Even though I came here about 2 years ago, I still remember what a wonderful meal it was. I'd been meaning to try NOPA for what seemed like forever. When I got a $100 gift certificate, I had no excuse! I went on OpenTable, made the next reservation that was avail around 6p (which was a week or two out) and headed to NOPA for a weekday dinner. We ended up getting:-Little gem lettuces, blue cheese, English peas, walnuts and sherry onions (blue cheese on side) $9-Smoked trout, avocado, soft cooked egg, green beans and spiced chickpeas ($12)-Flatbread of smoked tasso ham, eggplant, cherry tomatoes, basil and gruyere ($15)-Pappardelle, spicy fennel sausage, jimmy nardello peppers, escarole and parmesan ($19)-French fries and basil parmesan aioli ($6)-Grilled broccoli, lemon, anchovy and breadcrumbs ($6)The dish I remember enjoying the most was the flatbread. Even after 2 years, I still remember how the bread was soft, but had a nice chew. And the ham made it saltly and savory while the basil made it refreshing. It was the perfect balance! Funny thing is, I typically don't even like bread. Let alone ham! But I loved this dish! I remember thinking, I would totally come back just to eat this and have a glass of wine!Since it has been so long, another visit is long overdue. I'll definitely have to come back for some flatbread! Of course, I wouldn't mind sampling some other dishes as well!
This place was amazing! I was looking for a burger a week before we went and it was listed as one of (if not THE) best burgers in the city. Of course now I had to try it, but to my dismay the reservations are slim pickings. If you want to get into this place you have to make your reservation a month out or eat at 9/10pm on a day that you don't really get to choose. I got incredibly lucky and found a reservation for 7pm on Friday, the following week. I booked the reservation and found a friend to go with me.We got seated right away (though I was a bit late). We ordered drinks, I had beer (to go with the burger I was about to devour) and my friend got the Lowland Dram. I tried his drink and even though I don't normally drink those types of drinks I was surprised at how good it was!The waiters were very attentive and helpful when we had questions and so we got down to ordering. I got the burger cooked medium-rare, and my friend got the duck, which is one of the specials. The specials apparently rotate on a frequent basis, but they have signature dishes that are always there.The burger was incredible! I can understand why people call it the best in the city. Cooked to a perfect medium rare, it was very juicy and flavorful and quite large too! It's a bit more than I usually pay for a burger but it was totally worth it. The fries were good as well and came with a basil parmesan aioli that was really good.Needless to say (with all the other great reviews) I would recommend this place to a friend in a heartbeat. I already set up another reservation so I can go back!
Nopa is usually one of the first restaurants I go to when I return to sf, and for good reason. It's rustic, hearty, and dependably great food. All without being too frilly or presumptuous.My favorites are the pappardelle and burger. Open late, and they serve food until closing!
Excellent food and service. Reduced by 1 star only because it feels a bit "snooty" and there were not many vegan options. The vegan options were delicious though... (vegan) highly recommend: tomato salad; baked butter beans; grilled broccoli
Don't get me wrong, I love brunches and I love NOPA but I wasn't too thrilled with my recent brunch here. I ordered the pork shoulder with polenta. I was rather disappointed with the stew like mess that came out. It was mediocre at best, and a bit on the salty side. The baked granola and yogurt was a bit too tart.However, NOPA for dinner is always pretty fabulous, from the roasted chicken to the salad with sashimi to the trout to the squab. Don't get me started about the amazing desserts. You have to get the ice cream sandwich no matter how full you are. Thank me later.And don't forget to get the warm goat cheese dish.
The housemade pappardelle, lamb sugo, olives, kale and pecorino dish was just phenomenal. Needless to say, I did not leave a bite behind. The bartenders were beyond amazing and knew their craft. Come and enjoy the ambience and seasonal chef inspired menu.
5STARS!! Came in for dinner on a Monday with my girlfriends around 6pm. Wasn't too crowded. First time here and oh my the food was amazing,drinks were refreshing and service was on point. The price is a bit pricey but you're paying for the quality and freshness, i enjoyed the whole experience.For appetizers, we ordered the warm goat cheese crostini and it was definitely a wow factor. Crostini were crispy, golden brown and toasted to perfection. Main CourseWe had the sherry glazed pork chop with little gems and tarragon. One of my favorite dishes of the night. I don't usually like pork but with all the flavor fully packed.. This was hands down, the best pork chop i've ever had. Nopas Bacon Cheeseburger was juicy and came out bursting with flavors in every bite+washing it down with king collins, i'm a happy girl.
I'm sad to have to write this review of Nopa, because I love the place so much, but my experience today was definitely underwhelming. I went to brunch today with a group of friends and, as expected, Nopa was very busy. We decided not to order any "starters" and only ordered "entrees" for brunch. Unfortunately, we waited and waited and waited for a long time before we got our food. Our waitress came by a few times to tell us that the food was coming -- and was nice enough to give us a delicious sticky bun while we waited -- but the meal really tested our patience. I kept looking at my watch, and by the time we got our food, it had been more than an HOUR since we had ordered. When the food came, there were a couple of small issues. I ordered the soft scrambled eggs, and the amount of food on my plate was noticeably less than previous plates of the same dish that we had seen arrive at other tables. Also, there was almost no chorizo on my plate (I only had one bit with chorizo in it). On the other side of the table, my friend's tortilla Espanola was dry and looked a bit burnt, like perhaps they heated it up once and then threw it back in the oven / heater again. The other two dishes were well executed, but it was just hard to enjoy after waiting so long. My previous experiences here have all been great, so this meal won't keep me from going back, but I hope that this was just a bad hiccup.
Loved it here. Delicious food, beautiful restaurant. They also checked all our bags, which was nice since I came straight from work with 3 others. Our waitress was super friendly.They started us off with a complimentary appetizer of crostinis, which I don't remember anything about except that they were good. Then we ordered:Bread + butter -- their bread is amazing here. I am not normally a bread person but they have that delicious artisan bread that is crusty and dry on the outside but super soft and moist on the inside.Poached Egg, Maple Ham, Squash, Brussels Sprouts and Horseradish (14) -- This was really good! Kind of like a warm, savory, hearty salad. I usually don't like horseradish but I didn't find this overwhelming.Duck Liver Mousse Confit Gizzard, Pluots and Grilled Bread (13) -- This was great. I love duck liver mousse and this was already spread on top of their great bread, with additional interesting veggie/fruit toppings.Flatbread of House smoked Bacon, Escarole, Mozzarella and Salsa Verde (18) -- As a lactard, I only had one small slice, but this was realllly good. Country Pork Chop, Celery Root, Roasted Carrots, Upland Cress, Mustard and Tangelo (26) -- I asked for the fattiest chop available and they did not disappoint. Not the best chop I've ever had in my life (that award still goes to Zazu in Sebastopol), but pretty darn good. After all the appetizers I couldn't finish this so I had to bring the rest home. instagram.com/p/034FaZTZMy coworkers also got the Rotisserie Chicken (23), which was HUGE but felt a little dry, the duck (29) was pretty standard, and the black cod (29). I was really impressed by the black cod (melted like butter), but it looked a little small.Can't wait to come back to try their burger.
Had a super duper old gift card. They honored the dollar amount based on the honor policy which is at the peak of professionalsm. This is a cool place for just hanging out or date night. The have a mixologist that makes the perfect cocktail. It was stiff too so I don't even remember what it was called but the picture below is proof that it really happened.Nopa made me start obsessing over moving to the city again. They are the oppittamy of what a dining out experience should be like.I cant wait to return.
Trendy-contemporary ambiance with good looking people. Drinks took forever--we got our appetizers before our cocktails. Overpriced in my opinion and the waitress seemed a tad uptight which kind of put a weird vibe on our dinner. She was knowledgable but definitely didn't make us feel like she wanted us to stick around. I'd come back to sit at the bar for cocktails and appetizers but probably not for dinner.
Honestly one of my favorite places to come to in San Francisco. The food is always amazing and the late hours are perfect if you don't have time to make it in earlier in the night! I would recommend this restaurant to anyone hands down!
This place never disappoints. I have been here several times for both Brunch and Dinner on different occasions. And every time the food is excellent. I was there last weekend for Brunch. We started off with the Cinnamon and Whey Braised Pork Shoulder (with Soft Polenta, Roasted Jimmy Nardellos and Breadcrumbs). Pork Shoulder and polenta for breakfast... Yes Please!! It just overall had a great flavor.Then we had the Oven Baked Egg (with Smoked Tomato, Mezzo Secco and Grilled Bread). This one was recommended to us by the bartender and he was right on with this one. It was so delicious. A perfectly cooked egg over a tomato and cheese sauce. The bread was amazing to dip into the egg and tomato. YUM!!Also the drinks are great (and creative) too. I got The Blur (Green Chartreuse, Maraschino, Lime Juice, Cava). It was very herbal drink. It was a perfect complement to the food. Piece of advice: For brunch get here when they open or else you might have an hour wait. Also reservations are never a bad thing, since this place always gets crowded. The bartender also give a great tip for reservations.... If Open Table does not have the date or time you want a reservation, try calling in. The restaurant tries to keep a few reservations off Open Table for those who come in or call-in for reservations.
Came here for brunch on a Saturday morning. Luckily my friends arrived at 1030 and waited for the restaurant to open at 11 and got a table for us. I definitely recommend doing that if you don't have a reservation . I got the buttered eggs and our tables shared an order of French toast. We had 7 people and one order was definitely enough. The buttered eggs came with asparagus, potatoes and some frise. It was a simple dish of a perfect amount for me to get full but not overly stuffed. Man I definitely recommend getting the French toast. I have never had anything like this. It was thick pieces of bread soaked in custard goodness topped with pieces of grapefruit. Pure deliciousness, a must try!I want to check this place for dinner next time but this is definitely a solid brunch spot.
Great place. This place is super reliable and delicious. Great drinks & dinners, but also great breakfasts. Service is pretty good - they have a communal first come first serve table, which you can grab if you plan it well.
As I'm doing my due diligence and eating my way around SF an observation I found was that the locals here take their brunch seriously. What I also observed was that Nopa was considered quite highly by locals to be one of their top spots for brunch if not *the* top spot. Though Nopa also serves dinner both experiences have been highly rated, and I heard getting in for brunch is somewhat easier than dinner. Thanks to friend/fellow Yelper David W. for suggesting this place and the No1DP for joining me and being flexible with plans that day.RESERVATIONS/WALK-INS: You can make online reservations up to a month in advance, but getting a reservation at the best times is just as hard as getting a dinner reservation at nearby State Bird Provisions. Your best bet is to fall in line an hour before and hope you get to be seated when the restaurant opens at 10:30. The No1DP and I did just that; we were in line at 10 when the line was past the corner. When the restaurant opened we had our names down for 11:30 but the restaurant would text us when our seats were available. If you find yourself in this situation I suggest wandering around the Divisadero Farmer's Market (Sundays only) or the Bi-Rite Market next door. VENUE: It's a two-story restaurant. Can't say much about the second floor as the No1DP and I ate in the first floor. There's a communal table but the No1DP noted that it wasn't used during our visit. They saved the booth spaces for larger parties and almost everyone that was in line first went straight for the bar.SERVICE: Service was good. Waiter was nice and it didn't take long to get our food once orders were placed. We were out the door by 12:30.Like Nopa's dinner menu brunch offerings are subject to change based on the seasonal availability of its ingredients. - 2x Mimosas. Mimosas had more champagne than orange juice and was akin to an orange bellini. - Smoked Trout - Sea Salt Bagel, Scallion-Garlic Farmer's Cheese and Scarlett Turnips ($15). No1DP's order. He thought the fish was okay but the bagel was a lot better than many bagels he's had in Japan and comparable with the bagels he's had while back in the East Coast.- Smoked Linguia - Parsnip-Carrot Latkes, Dill Crme Frache and Poached Eggs ($18). This was my order. Reminded me of the sausages I had in Hawaii but tasted a bit lighter yet smoky. Poached eggs were cooked perfectly as the eggs were firm yet the yolk was not runny. The latkes had enough parsnips and carrots to not taste too starchy (but still taste like hash) and incorporated a slightly sweet taste. - Custard French Toast - Candied Cara Cara Oranges, Rosemary and Housemade Butter ($8/half order). This is the famous french toast that made it as an item on the 7x7's "Big Eat" list. The fruit served can vary but I don't think the fruit matters. Bread is very thick, necessary to contain the amount of egg in that french toast - one of the most eggy french toasts I've had but that's what makes this dish stand out. A half order was enough for us and was the perfect sweet ending as I prefer my brunches mostly savory with a few bites of a sweet item in the end. Conversely the No1DP had a few bites and he says that his homemade French toast is better. Challenge accepted, No1DP.Total bill came to around ~$75.Though I think Nopa's brunch is a bit overhyped (or that I'm not as a brunch fanatic as I am of a nice dinner) the dishes were solid and I would agree that this is a great place to do brunch in the city. As I'm used to waiting in line for more than an hour for weekend brunch back in SD (no reservation option) I wouldn't mind braving the line to do brunch here again.
My friend insisted on coming and we were lucky enough to score a table without the wait. I really like the atmosphere, open kitchen & bar. We got a table upstairs and it was nice to observe the whole environment. I wish the menu had more options. I took a long time to decide because there was nothing really stood out to me. I eventually settle for the French Toast as the waiter recommended. It was good like a dessert, if you are into that then it's for you. It was good but did not leave me wanting more. My friend, however, really enjoyed his burger. He said it was one of the best he had. I did take a bite. I'm not crazy about burger enough to pay so much for it.
Love, love, loveeee this place!I stopped by Nopa with a friend last Friday around 8:30 pm and obviously, it was completely packed. I definitely recommend making a reservation ahead of time if you're coming with a group of 3 or more. The waitress said it was roughly a two hour wait so we walked over to the bar and communal table in hopes of finding some seats. We were able to snag two seats after 20 minutes. Some of the highlights from my meal were the avocado toast and the warm goat cheese plate. The warm goat cheese was served with crostinis and some strawberries and nectarine slices. Everything paired well together and the cheese was warm and not overpowering at all. The avocado toast was delicious and I wish Nopa did take-out so I could order this to-go more often. It was topped with capers, olives, pickled jalepenos and white cheddar. Can't wait to go back to check out more things on their menu!
tasty hipster foodie spot; tasty dishes that hit the spot when u want comfort food or wanna try something a little more daring!
After waiting for 1 months and 4 days, here we come.Recommended Dishes- Pork chop (Medium Rare)- Flat Bread- Burger, french fries are so gooddddTaste: 5/5Atmosphere: 4/5 a bit warm in sunny dayService: 4/5 Foods are served a bit slow, 15-20 mins after appetizerValue: 5/5Tips: 1. Make a reservation in advance 1month and 3-4 days in Opentable. It is kinda weird that it is not exact 1 month but believe me otherwise u will miss ur planned date.2. If u like beer, I recommend to try aged lager.
Super solid. Always good food, drinks and the bar are excellent, service is spot on. Started checking out their dinner after having only gone to brunch--both are good but I think I prefer their brunch! Check it out
I wanted to give this a 4 stars but I couldn't. I love the ambience but not so much on food. Food: Flatbread of spicy fennel sausage was tasty. Nothing unique. Little Gem Lettuces sale wasn't bad, again nothing unique. We didn't get any main courses as nothing stood out. We live close by and would come for drinks and quick bites. Service: great staff and bartenders were nice. One time I ordered bacon brittle as dessert and bartender gave me extra bacon brittle. Saw me devoured the dessert in 2 minutes with passion. Overall, great neighbourhood restaurant. Parking is a pain but don't drive there, take the muni or walk if you live close by. Ambience is nice but could be loud at times.
We came to SF knowing this was one of the most highly regarded restaurants, and were thrilled to discover it was only 2 blocks away from our AirBNB. Too bad that it was disappointing given the hype.My girlfriend and I ordered the rotisserie chicken and the much-vaunted burger. Both were just ok: the burger came totally unvarnished, with a little bit of sauce on the side and a heap of mediocre, over-cooked french fries. While the burger was tasty, I was looking forward to more than a demonstration that the restaurant knows how to prepare a nice patty.Similarly, the rotisserie chicken was perfectly competent, but didn't have any distinguishing features to mark-out this restaurant as innovative.Combined with the beautiful room, I *might* have been inclined to rate Nopa a 3.75, rounded to 4 (the prices are reasonable, and our dining companions were happy), however... I make it a point not to mention service in Yelp reviews - it generally receives an undue amount of space on this site. I'm here to dine, not to be treated like a king. But this is the first time I feel the need to mention service in a negative context: between an ice-cold demeanor, condescension, extended periods of absence, and even a few glares, our server made us feel absolutely unwelcome.
I was very disappointed. I joined my friend here for brunch because she loves it. We were lucky to snag 2 seats at the bar to avoid the 60-90 minute wait we were quoted (even though there were many empty tables). It took 50 minutes from the time we ordered until our food arrived. I was famished and getting hangry. After 40 minutes, I asked the bartender if it was normal for the food to take so long. I told him I was really hungry and asked if there was bread or anything he could get me ASAP. Essentially, NO. When my food finally arrived, I ate most of it but I was soooo disappointed because my cheddar bread pudding tasted like NOTHING. It had absolutely no flavor. Thankfully my friend shared her French fries with me. Pretty sad when French fries taste better than what was supposed to be a gourmet dish.
Decided to eat at NOPA for brunch before I headed back home to la. Didn't make a reservation but I would recommend to do so ahead of time or you will have to wait. The wait time was about an hour and half. Didn't mind the wait since we could walk around and explore the neighborhood (Painted ladies is near by!)We were seated at the booth next to the kitchen and wooden stove was. It was quite fascinating watching the chef prep and plate the dishes. We ordered their grass fed burger which came with pickled onions, French fries and basil aioli. Also ordered their soft scrambled egg, which came with potatoes, escarole, green capers and Parmesan sprinkled on top of the egg. The eggs were cooked just right, melted right in my mouth as I took the first bite. I am a big sauce monster. And oh my my my..their basil aioli was heavenly. I drenched the sauce onto the burger and dipped my eggs and fries.Loved the vibe and our server was attentive :)Would totally come here again when I'm in town :)
As if this place needs yet another positive review to add to the thousands of existing thumbs-ups. I had high expectations when my husband and I couldn't land a reservation until 10:15pm on a Sunday night. Thankfully we were seated a bit early when we arrived around 10pm in the perfect spot - a two-person table on the second level overlooking the restaurant below.The friendliness of the hosts really stood out to me. Though we requested a booth, the hostess sought me out at the bar to request we take the table overlooking the restaurant, one that she highly recommended. I could tell that her interest in our seating arrangements wasn't just a put-on friendly face. She seemed to legitimately care about our dining experience. It's a small detail I noticed, but it's something I will always remember about this place.The food was great - with the highlight definitely being the avocado toast. Jesus, I've never tasted anything so damn fresh. I ordered the salmon for my entree while my husband braved their enormous pork chop. Both were good dishes, but not phenomenal. Well, at least compared to that avocado toast. NOPA is definitely one of the top places to be for a meal in SF, as evidenced by the enormous crowd we encountered on a Sunday night. The restaurant isn't too big, which unfortunately leads to a sort of cramped feeling when it's really hoppin'. That being said, I would surely brave the crowds again for another meal here.
Unimpressed for the second time being at NOPA. I write this as I sit at the bar seat I waited for a good hour for (I'm by myself). I finally got a seat at the communal table and sat there for 10 minutes with zero service coming to ask if I was ready to order. I'm fucking by myself. I'm starving. I waited for a seat patiently. Moved to an open seat at the bar thinking that would help- they brought me the wrong appetizer then played it off, walked away then brought it to another couple two seats down as a 'surprise appetizer thank you'. Still haven't gotten a morsel of food. You get the gist of it.
Second time in one week & my rating still stands. I went here for the bar this time with my girlfriends last Friday night. The bar bites were alright but I have to say their fries never cease to taste amazing. I ordered the fish and chips. The fried fish was okay but the fries definitely compensated for it. My coworkers shared the grass-fed burger which was amazing. Can't wait to try the other dishes because I know that I'll be back. Best part was Aziz Ansari was there! I was so start struck but not enough to bother him during his dinner. He was sitting upstairs so I wasn't about to run up there & say, "#treatyoself" even though I really wanted to. In any case, regardless of the lucky celebrity sighting, I had another wonderful experience at one of the best restaurants in town.
This place is to die for! Everything is melt in your mouth wonderful. I've been here twice for dinner now with no reservations! Both times I went with one other person so we were able to grab a spot at the community table. Have always had a great time sitting there. If you're planning for a big group or want to eat at a specific time, definitely make reservations. The waitress informed that the list is 4 weeks out! So be warned and plan a head. The food is fantastic. I highly recommend the chicken and pork chop - clearly the most popular dishes and for good reason. For appetizers I've gotten the warm goat cheese dish; I got it my first time at the restaurant and had to have it the second time.
3.5 stars rounded up to 4 because of attentive service. Apparently getting reservations at NOPA is a big deal, I didn't know that because I was able to snag an 11am brunch reso at 2am the night before for 4 people. I learned that prior to that week, they had opened at noon but had just extended hours and I guess people didn't know about it. I got a drip coffee but since 3 of us got it, they brought it in a carafe-like thing which probably poured out to 4-5 cups. Coffee was hot and fresh. I got basted eggs which was served over pastrami. Good dish, but I think in general NOPA is overpriced for what it is. The ambiance is definitely really cute and again service was unflawed, but I pobably will not make myself a regular here, at least for brunch. I will definitely give it a try for dinner sometime (if I can wedge myself in for reservations).
Finally was able to try NOPA for dinner. Brunch was delicious, but so was dinner. Love this place! Came a bit earlier than my friends (for a 9pm(!) dinner) and got a drink at the bar and got talking with some people there. I will admit, bar seating - a bit hard, so make a reservation! I ordered the Raspberry Funk which had rum and raspberry which was good, but a little funky. Came with 2 friends and ordered:Flatbread of Bacon, Potatoes - based on the yelp reviews, everyone suggested the flatbreads. Although the flatbreads are always different, the one we had with bacon and potatoes were delicious. The potatoes were in slices on top of the flatbread. There was a little bit of a salad on top that I had thought was a bit unnecessary, but gotta get our veggies in somehow. Rotisserie Herbed Chicken - half chicken cooked rotisserie style. From where we were sitting, you could see the chicken making its way around and coming out deliciously cooked. The potatoes and lettuce that came also had some of the delicious herbs and fat around it. yum! Pork Chop - So moist and well made. Came with an apple sauce and we all know how apples and pork go together! yum!Apple Napoleon - The puffed pastry and apples were good. The apples were a little underdone for my tastes. The ginger ice cream wasn't too bad (not a huge fan of ginger in general). Overall, another well enjoyed dinner at Nopa. Definitely a great place to eat for brunch...or dinner!
Wanted to go for brunch and this is deal... Tip #1 you get on line around 10am...wait for the bar to open at 10:30...grab a seat by the bar, have a drink...they serve food at 11.Tip #2 I recommend staying at the bar to eat, the bartender's are excellent, friendly, very attentive and it's fun to talk to them and others around the bar area.I believe it was Justin who helped us out, he was fantastic!!! The space itself is really nicely laid out, there is the bar area, tables, an area at the far end where you can see the food service and an upstairs area. Now onto the food...amazing!!! Tip #3 the portions are big enough to share I ordered more than I could even finish. I started with a grapefruit cocktail, it was very refreshing and a nice way to start the day :) I tried the Tasso ham & gruyere turnovers I also got red little gems salad to go with & I couldn't finish everything the turnovers were fabulous, so flaky and filled with ham & cheesy goodness ...loved them! the salad was really good as well so fresh. I was told I had to try the custard french toast so we all shared and yes it was amazing!!!! So now I'm telling you...you have to try them!!
Loved the food, our waiter, the ambiance and would love to go back again if it wasn't so hard to get a reservation. (One month in advance at midnight) look forward to returning.
It's almost impossible to get last minute reservations at this place, let alone walk in and get a table, but at 5:30pm on a Friday we did just that. We were excited to eat here again since we've had great experiences before.This time the food disappointed. We started with fried sardines and the goat cheese toast, both great appetizers but seemed overpriced for what they were. A personal annoyance of mine when they give odd numbers to a couple, why not make it four sardines? The toast was yummy but so hard to eat, a total mess.The mains we got the burger and the pappardelle. Both were meh, the burger was over done, the bun was soggy, and the mean was just not flavorful or moist. So many great burgers out there and this was not it.The past was too salty, it just killed it for me. The sauce was good, but somehow I expected more from this place. The food was just very underwhelming and poorly executed given we got classics.
Ok so i'd heard the French toast was really all that...& well the reality far surpassed my expectations. A huge FT fan I've been searching high & low for the best & found it. Not at all sickly-sugary, crispy on the outside (just the perfect Amt) & soft & incredibly moist on the inside without falling apart.Hubby had the bratwurst which was made in house & as far as sausages go it was really really flavoursome. All in all a great brunch...make reservations to save yourself having to queue...& don't miss the French toast!
The food was amazing. Oh how I loved all the flavors and aromas of their dishes. However, because our server did not know his restaurant's alcohol selection and lack of customer service, I'm giving this only 3 stars.My sister in law and I ordered each a glass of ice wine ($28/glass I believe) to have with our dinner. When our waiter FINALLY came back with it after the first appetizer had come out, he had informed us that they just finished the bottle and the second half of our ice wine was coming out later. There was maybe, and a big maybe, .75 of an ounce of wine in each of our glass the first time. So we waited, by the time all our entrees had come out our wine was still not there yet. We also had to remind him that he had to come back with the second half of our wine. When he did come back, the wine was still luke warm, and there way maybe an ounce and a half of wine. So needless to say, we were pissed and unhappy that our $28 glass of ice wine was not only luke warm, little in volume, and late to dinner. We were given no apologies. The other thing was that when my brother and father were asking about beer selections, the waiter asked what flavor profile they liked, and they said, anything except hoppy and bitter beers....... he offered them an IPA......... which means? It's very hoppy. Unfortunately I didn't hear this when they were ordering as NOPA's atmosphere is quite noisy. So my suggestion to your management team is to, 1. please go over your alcohol selection with your waiters. The drinks we're pairing and paying for can make or break our dinner experience. 2. please, manage your wait staff... had someone else beside our waiter come by and asked how my first experience at NOPA was, I would've told you about my experience. - Great food with bad service =/ Since my brother and sister in law come here about once a month... I guess I will be coming back soon. Hopefully the second time around it'll be a much smoother experience, I do love the food for what it's worth, but in a customer service industry it can make or break an experience.
I've been looking forward to this place for a while now and I finally got a chance to try it yesterday for dinner. I had already been here for brunch and wasn't that impressed by their food. But I knew their dinner was more popular, so I still had high hopes. I love the restaurant's ambiance. I like the high ceiling, soft but not too dim lighting, and the wooden tables. The service was great. Super friendly and helpful staff. My water glass was never empty. The food though. We tried the chicory salad, honey glazed duck wings, and their famous pork chop. The chicory salad was fresh, but the dressing had too much paprika (sometimes clumps of it, which was quite unpleasant) it tasted funky. The duck wings were good, but they were very greasy. After a few bites I had to peel off the breading because it was so oily and I wasn't getting much of the actual duck meat. Great flavors but probably won't get them again. The duck liver pate that came with the dish was ok. I'm not a huge pate fan, so I won't be the best judge. They forgot to give us crostini so they brought them out separately. Now the pork chop. It was good. Cooked medium (not medium rare) and the meat was very tender. I didn't get a ton of flavor though. The herb butter that came on top didn't add much flavor except for the buttery taste. I thought the roasted carrots were delicious, but the roasted parsnip had a really strong rubbing alcohol taste (wtf?) I was really put off by it. I didn't hate the pork chop. But I didn't love it. We finished the meal off with the butterscotch pudding per the server's recommendation. It was smooth and had a nice flavor. The chocolate chip cookies that came with the pudding were meh. Pretty forgettable dessert, though. I wish I had gotten the sopaipillas or something else. Overall, I was underwhelmed. I had high expectations given its reputation among so many SF diners. I'd be open to returning to try some of their other dishes that looked good (flatbread, mushroom toast, duck breast) but it will probably be a while before I come back.
After waiting for 2 months to get reservations, I was pleasantly surprised with this restaurant. The decor added to the experience and I would suggest getting a table on the second level so you can see the kitchen and bar staff go all out to being you their enjoyable menu.I had the bourbon braised pork shoulder and it was delicious. The porridge was sweet and savory at the same time. Topped off with a delicate preparation of the pork and viola, art on a plate. I would get this dish again. My friend had the hamburger and he liked it especially the bread. He did say it was drenched in butter. I had some of his fries and they were good. They give you quite a portion. I think best of all on his plate was that ketchup. It almost tasted homemade and I would of asked for more of it if I knew how good it was. Hold up wait a minute! The over the top icing on the cake part was the chocolate chip cookie! Get it and pour that milk right on top. Go ahead don't be afraid! To die for! Decadence at its finest and I will be back to sample more of its menu. Try to get reservations or you are looking at an hour wait about noon!
NOPA is one of the two places with the best french toast i have ever had. Their thick custard french toast slice is a treat. I get greedy and eat the whole thing on my own even though 1 slice should really be shared by two :) Drinks, and burger are great as well.Food Quality - ExcellentFood Taste - ExcellentFood Originality - ExcellentPrice - ExcellentCustomer Service - ExcellentAmbiance - Excellent
As a reviewer of burgers from Chicago, I was pretty impressed with place. I have a high standard for burgers and this one was pleasant. Atmosphere is quite the scene, if you're looking to do the SF thing up big. Just expect to wait for a very long time, at least on a Friday or Saturday. Full review here: nicolehammonds.com/scale
My favorite restaurant in SF. Often very crowded but the food is great so I understand why. We had a lovely dinner at the communal table which was very delicious. The burger was so breathtaking, so outstanding and without doubt the best one I've ever had in my life so far. Perfectly cooked medium-rare patty with creamy melted gruyere cheese. Wow.The staff was really friendly too although the space was fully seated. I do not find the prices steep too - actually quite reasonable compared to other venues around SF.
Loved it! I had the Housemade Pappardelle, spigariello and parmesan, I removed the Nine Hour Bolognese. bf ordered the grilled Squab, with marinated potatoes, Mediterranean cucumber, tomato and pomegranate (see photo). It was very delicious, however the place was PACKED. Had to wait a while for the water, even longer for the food, but it was worth the wait.
And I was just starting to think SF restaurants were a little too much hype and not enough actual quality. Nopa just proved me wrong. The food was spot on delicious. We started with the calamari and mushroom toast, both of which were well balanced, fresh, not too rich. I then had the cod, cooked to perfection with the skin on the top so it's just a tad crunchy while the rest of the fish just falls off in a butter-like wonder. The cocktails were stunning - mine had pine from Marin County headlands and I'd go back just for that. But the service. The service was the best I've ever had thanks to Gordon. Another thing I've noticed about the San Francisco foodie scene these days is that there's a weird implication that you're supposed to know everything about the dishes already, and apathy is now cool from servers...like a minimalist approach? Anyways, I'm not into it and Gordon was truly phenomenal. He knew every single dish backwards and forwards and was happy to explain the menu to me and my friends, including the cocktails, and could use descriptors that weren't esoteric but that were detailed and made you want one of everything. I really can't speak highly enough of him and really appreciate the effort.Thanks for a great night, Nopa! I'll be back.
Amazing food!!! The pork chop was absolutely superb. Highly recommend getting reservations in advance. Service was exceptional and friendly.
YES!!!!! This place is worth the wait...especially if you hit the bar. Enjoy.
Absolutely amazing! The food is great and the ambiance is so fun! I love that this place stays open so late! You can come here either with a ton of friends or even on a date! I will definitely be coming back here!
This place is great. The custard french toast is good. I'd recommend a half order since it's like eating 3 normal slices at once (custard bread is really thick and filling). One slice per order for $8. The buttered eggs were ok. The goat cheese bread pudding with arugula was really good. The blood orange mimosas were ok $10 each. Everyone should try this place. Service was attentive.
Best pork chop in SF. You can find many great burgers, but few pork chops worth waiting for (it's all about the brining). Sat at bar and enjoyed some great service and recommendations from Justin as well as just ridiculously good food and drinks. The pork headcheese platter had this amazing strawberry habanero jam that was brilliant with a rich liver mousse. Delicious spiced roasted chickpeas livened up a tasty Tasso ham salad. Then that incredible pork chop and the famous broccoli. Closed out with a chocolate pot de creme and carrot cake. Yum!
Truly not a yelper but we had such a great experience tonight I have to share!Always busy on weekends but luckily we snagged a bar seat and had a great dinner. We started with wine (him: Tempranillo me: sparkling rose) and ordered some apps to start. We shared the tomato salad (recommended by our bartender, AMAZING) so fresh and flavorful, the grilled calamari which we both agree was the best we've ever had, and the pepper soup- simple and yummy. We moved on to glasses of Barbera, I got the burger with a side of the lemon broccoli (finished it all) and he got the chicken. We have been to countless restaurants in San Francisco and the Bay Area as a whole and still both agree Nopa is our favorite. I think my favorite part is not only the consistently delicious food but tonight the bar staff was just rad. With the style and craft of their cocktails we too often encounter pretentious bartenders but not here... Everyone behind the bar was so helpful, THOUGHTFUL and overall kind it was refreshing to say the least. Thanks for a killer date night, we will obviously be back..!
Food- The food here is pretty darn good. I got the hamburger and fries, and the I could tell the meat of the hamburger was legit meat and had a lot of flavor. I also love that it came with an aoili, because I'm a huge aoili fan. The french fries were also good, but I always love french fries. I would definitely order this again, but would also like to try a fancy appetizer next time, like the flatbread pizza .Drinks- I got the raspberry drink and my friend got a tequila one. Mine was pretty good but I don't know if it was worth $11 considering there didn't appear to be that much in there. My friend liked her tequila drink because it was strong. I also got a mojito, which was good as alwaysAtmosphere- Great atmosphere and vibe! It was really crowded and I failed at making a reservation so we had to sit at the bar and wait for seats for a while, but it's still a really cool place. High ceilings, upper level seating, etc. I will certainly go here again.
If a SF restaurant were to be my bff, I would want Nopa to be that restaurant! BF and I always have delicious meals here. We usually share the pork chop and a few sides (must get the fries!) but yesterday learned they don't serve pork chop on Tuesdays. However, the rainbow trout stew completely made up for it, it was amazing. BF thought the NY strip steak was the best steak he ever had. Service is always excellent. We usually stalk the bar seats and luck out there. If it's your first time, you need to consider the pork chop, burger, and definitely the smoked trout.
Decided to try Nopa for the first time last night. No reservation, just walked in. The community table seating is a bit awkward that there is no wait system. Probably makes those diners uncomfortable that you have to stand over their shoulder while they finish their meal just to take the spot when they leave. I asked to put my name in for a regular table. Was quoted 1.5 hours, but was seated in probably 30 minutes. I'm not sure why..The first table I was given was about one inch from the table of 4 sitting next to me. I asked to be seated at a different table because it felt so crammed.Food - the food was very tasty, but lacked that extra "wow factor" that some other restaurants have. Ordered the mushroom soup and rotisserie chicken. Soup was a bit too spicy and watery. Was expecting more of a cream soup, but it was literally mushrooms in hot water. The chicken was good but the leg piece looked undercooked. The staff said that's just how it looks. Overall I had a decent trip to Nopa. Would definitely try again to compare experiences, but not quite a 5 star in my book. Lacking that extra magical something.
Having been here twice now for brunch and for happy hour / drinks / snacks I have to say I am a big fan of NOPA. I think for the most part their food is pretty solid although I have never had dinner here.I think for brunch, they have quite a good selection of intriguing and interesting brunch items. I like that they are different than your typical eggs and pancakes brunch spot so it gives you something interesting to try out if you're not feeling like diner food again.The restaurant is airy, open, rustic and yet cozy. I don't know how to explain it, but I love the atmosphere. It's definitely a hipster place, and great for first dates!I hope to come back for dinner one of these days, but they are open late as is their kitchen so you can definitely grab a late bite here.You can also make reservations on Opentable, which is totally recommended since they get packed even on Sundays!
I cannot say how much I love this place. The service and the food are just so perfect. I normally go to the bar and hawk out the chairs, it'll take a while but I'll drink while I'm waiting. I've only had really great service here. Even when the kitchen was slow, they were apologetic even before I said anything. It's unfortunate they stopped the little tastes, I loved that, but I've had everything in the menu so far and nothing disappoints. The staff are all friendly and knowledgable. I've been going to Nopa for 3 years and it is by far my favorite. I think Tuesday is the best day to go because they have a steak option and a different pork option, but that's because I'm a regular and I've had their most amazing pork chop and everything else. Please eat the little fish appetizer. It's one of my favorites. It's also open late. :)
I'm approaching my third year as a San Francisco resident and knew it was time to check this place out, once and for all! My fianc and I made reservations a month ahead of time; we tried to do a walk-in a few months back and it was a complete fail. I was pleasantly pleased this time since they sat us right away. We came here with a mission, and it was to figure out whether 4505 Meats truly has the best burger in town. We've been knocking off all the restaurants with amazing burgers in the last few months, and they've all paled in comparison to 4505. Well, until today :) NOPA serves THE best burger we've ever tasted. HANDS DOWN. But maybe it's also because it was paired with fresh greens, nicely pickled onions and perfectly fried french fries! Ah, my mouth is watering all over again. We also ordered their Rotisserie Chicken and their Grilled Broccoli, both great dishes. Check this place out if you haven't done so yet. And if you have, let's go again!
Just in my opinion, dinner is better than brunch. For dinner, you can't really go wrong with anything on the menu. The pork chop, flatbread (surprisingly filling!), papardelle pasta, salad and side veggies are all amaazingly delicious. Their specialty is anything pork! I wasn't as big a fan of their burger though...keep reading to find out why. For brunch, we put in our name for brunch at 11:30am on a sunny Sunday, and it turned out to be an hour wait. We just went grocery shopping at the farmer's market a block away during our wait. The communal table isn't first come first served for brunch, only dinner.Foodwise: :: Grass fed burger - the burger patty itself was thick, juice, and perfectly cooked to order. However, it was so juicy (greasy?) that the bun became quite soggy, and which made it difficult to pick up and eat. :: Chili braised pork - highly recommend! This isn't a spicy chili, it's more like a tomato-based chili. It also came with some cornbread pieces that soaked up the chili sauce nicely. The pork was extremely tender -- didn't even need to use the knife that they provided. Overall, still quite some unique brunch dishes; you won't find the typical omelettes, benedicts, or pancakes here though. You can also go right next door to bi-rite for some ice cream for dessert!
Great food and cocktails. Super crowded on weekends, so expect to wait if you don't have reservations.
Nopa never disappoints. This is my go-to place to take visitors and I feel like it showcases SF's culinary strengths very well. I keep telling my friends that while I feel like LA generally does cultural, ethnic and hole-in-wall food better, I believe SF American-modern fine dining takes the prize. Nopa is a great example with seasonal and well-executed food at a reasonable price. The pork chop - yes get the pork chop. It really is that good, and it's huge. I've tried the duck and the black cod but always regret not picking the pork chop. The apple napoleon was delicious, but the sopaipillas is the dessert you want to make sure you sample. (My cousin, who grew up in New Mexico pointed out this was a Navajo dish. I had no idea!)What really blew me away though, was the flatbread. I don't like flatbread and generally consider it a filler dish in a large party of people who can't make up their minds or are too polite to choose the weird, more eclectic dishes. Here at Nopa, the flatbread is fantastic. It's a dish I make sure to eat every time I come. Finally, make sure you reserve and corkage is $20 ($40 for magnums if you thought you were smart and could trick the system.) :(Love Nopa!
Nopa offers a great dining experience through friendly staff, atmosphere and comfort food. The ever changing menu items are surprisingly conservative and offers the goodness of what you might typically enjoy. It's the type of food you would want to return a few times for because you know it will be good all the time.Because the place is so highly rated and reviewed there is a small sense of alienation one might feel. Nothing extreme like snobbery but maybe a confidence of the organization which may be misunderstood as vanity.Having said that if you are in the area and would like to have a short and sweet brunch options available to you I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this place. Being a protein lover I highly recommend the egg dishes, house made sausages and of course the can't-go-wrong-with burger.
Not sure how I truly feel about this place. It has it's pros & cons:Pros.SELECTIVE food are delicious. Personally, my favorites are the hamburger and the pork chop. You definitely cannot go wrong with the pork chop, it's cooked medium rare and has the perfect seasoning. There's no "piggy" taste to it at all. The hamburger, as well, is also cooked perfectly. I asked for medium, and my burger came out pink, with no bloody show- just the way I like it. It came with a side of all right fries, and an aioli sauce. Cons. This shit is expensive. We ordered the andouille (15$) and flat bread (18$) as starters. The sausage was mediocre, it literally came with 1 sausage & tasted like it was from Costco. Flat bread belongs in the "cons" because it was very good, especially for being a bread. There was some peppery arugula sprinkled on top and some sort of sweet, tangy olive oil drizzled on top. Yum. My burger came with a hair that was crusted into my bun. And I was still charged for the entree. Enough said. It was an hour and a half wait on a Monday night, wasn't even a holiday. Honestly, after eating her twice, I don't know how I feel about it. It's definitely not worth waiting an hour+ for, however, if I had resos... I may just come back.
Flatbread pizza!! Have a few glass of wine this pizza was my best friend!! Atmosphere feels like a New York style
What an amazing place I had a wonderful first time experience here minus the wait ! I HIGHLY SUGGEST to make a reservation before you come unless you don't mind waiting to sit at the bar. Service was still great even if you re not seated at a regular table. The servers are super nice and knowledgable of the specials and dishes Foods I ordered. Broccoli side went great with my pork chops Country porkchops BY FAR THE BEST PORKCHOPS / DISH I ever had! Absolutely amazing expect a juicy flavorful bite :) Trout appetizer was different it's not like any fish I've ordered before it has the big juicy fish eggs and its served with quinoa. Salad (okay) not as amazing as the other foods but it is a salad
The place was hopping. The food was good, but the service was very slow. I'd hate to see how things worked on a Friday or Saturday night. I went on a Tuesday. The atmosphere was nice, but I feel like having part of the dining upstairs, slowed down the servers.
I came here last night for a gf's bday dinner. Wow this place was packed! I can see why though because food here is delicious! I ordered the chicory salad which was yummy but quite salty. For entree I had braised beef with flat pasta and that was so yummy! They have quite a bit of a wine menu here as well. This place creates simple food ideas with local produce.
NOPA is one of my favorite restaurants in the city. In fact, this is usually the restaurant I choose to bring friends visiting San Francisco because you just can't go wrong with any of their menu items. I love the staff. They are attentive, very friendly, and composed in a busy atmosphere. My go-to's are the pork chop or housemade pappardelle, complimented with the grilled broccoli as a side to share. The last few times I've been there, we started with the brussels sprouts with poached egg dish - HIGHLY RECOMMEND....and my new favorite cocktail to start the night off - the Blue Bottle Martini.
Visiting from NYC I had several people recommend this restaurant- describing it as farm to table and great food. My expectations were high and I was not disappointed!The atmosphere is super chill with a fancy but relaxed/casual feel. The food was out of this world. We had the tomato/mozzarella appetizer which was amazing- so fresh and flavorful. I then had the pork chop which was perhaps the best pork chop I've ever had. It was perfectly cooked and so delicious that I'm actually dreaming about it as I type this. I cannot wait to go back!
I first went to NOPA for my birthday last year and was left unimpressed. The pork chop and burger were a "must try" and both were too salty and really not that great. I was hard pressed to come back to try this place out again but my ex-coworker kept on telling me I needed to come back for the brunch.Now, almost a year later, I came back to NOPA for brunch this past weekend. We surprisingly saw a reservation on OpenTable a day beforehand so we definitely jumped on it. Their brunch was AMAZING. The goat cheese bread pudding, custard french toast, braised pork shoulder, soft scrambled eggs and garlic sausage- ALL SO SOO DELICIOUS! My favorite was the custard french toast. Gosh, still thinking about how great the brunch was. Service was slow and inattentive. Our server sucked but the food was spectacular. 5 stars for the brunch but 3.5/4 stars overall.
When I pick a security question that asks what my favorite restaurant is I always put Nopa. :) BEST bloody steak and salad I've ever had. Amazing drinks. If you get the 2nd floor corner table, buy a lotto ticket, bc that's the best seat in the house. Love that they always bring a free snack to the table for you to try. When I visit San Francisco I always have dinner here.
Warm Goat cheese with persimmons and apples is a must! They had a delicious wine section, friendly staff, and they're open late! My new favorite spot.
Soft Scrambled Eggs with Avocado and Corn. OH MY GOD. This seems like such a simple dish, but they really made it phenomenal. This was the first time I'd had soft scrambled eggs, and they were soo delicious, I still dream about them to this day. All the ingredients in the dish tasted sooo fresh, clean, and of high quality, not like some places where you can tell the flavor just comes from covering the food with fat and salt, but instead NOPA took amazingly fresh ingredients and just brought out the best in them. The corn was the best corn I ever had!! The soft and creamy eggs with the refreshing corn and avocado made a wonderful combination.I miss this dish very much. Sadly, I do not live in SF and another sadly, their menu changes according to seasons, etc.  I hope they have this dish again one day.
Came here with my husband, sis in law, and her fiance. We decided to have a family style dinner where we shared all the food. The portions are a good size to share among four people.We ordered the smoke trout, clams, rotisserie chicken, parpadelle, and pork chop. All the dishes were amazing, especially the pork chop and the chicken! Will definitely want to come back here for other dishes and brunch.
NOPA is a prime example of your typical awesome San Francisco restaurant that wants nothing more than to satisfy your taste buds and redefine the meaning of enjoying a meal.I have only been there for breakfast, but because I have been told that their other meals are just as sublime, I will exemplify a typical NOPA experience with the French Toast experience I had. And "Experience" is no overstatement. I did not "eat" their French Toast. I experienced it.French Toast is and always has been my favorite breakfast item. Though not something I typically eat at home, when eating out for breakfast, all other factors being equal, I am most likely to order it. And it should thus come as no surprise that I have developed an uncanny ability to accurately evaluate a restaurant based solely on their French Toast. And that is precisely what happened here. After a mere glance at the menu, my mind was set.Out came an exceptionally deep square, perfectly crisped on both sides, and topped with lemon butter and strawberries drowned in balsamic sauce, syrup served on the side. Cutting into it, I was welcomed to a succulent, moist, custardy interior, just juicy enough to keep the toast stimulating all the way through, yet just reserved enough to allow the surfaces to retain their crispness--an astounding, borderline magical equilibrium of texture being preserved throughout. And then there was the balsamic strawberries, which struck a mind-shatteringly vigorous counterpoint to the citrus-infused butter. Utter bliss inside your mouth.That's a lot to say about a piece of French Toast. But, as I mentioned above, it is my favorite breakfast dish, and in my 3 decades of eating this dish, it is hands down the best version of French Toast I have had in my life, an accomplishment that has yet to be overturned. I came here with a friend that I hadn't seen in a while, and I haven't the slightest recollection of what we talked about, as my memory is instead inundated with the delights of my mouth.Here's the part of my review where I recommend what you should order, and as tempted as I am to recommend the French Toast, the rational part of me would instead like to leave you with this advice: order whatever dish is the most dear to you, and let NOPA allow you to "experience" the limits of how good it can get.
It's either: make a reservation 1 month in advance, or arrive right at 5pm to put your name down on the waiting list and get seated at 6 pm. Or, if you were late like me, arrived at 5:30, put my name down on the waitlist, and got seated at 8pm... sad face. Luckily, we walked to Haight/Ashbury and did a little shopping in the meantime, heh.Other than that, everything was SO delicious! I'm so happy to see there are tons of veggie options! Great drinks, too. I seriously wanted to order one of everything on the menu.Of course, you have to get the infamous pork chop!! so good. I also really like their rotisserie chicken. I was so jealous of my bf who got to eat more of everything than me because I was way too stuffed. First world problems.For dessert, we shared a Vanilla Bean Pavlova. It was biting into a creamy pillow of euphoria- Lavender Ice Cream, Blueberries, Apricots and Sesame Almond Butter all in one... mmm... Apparently the burger here is the rave, so I gotta try that next time! ... and make a reservation one month in advance...
Amazingly, when we returned nearly six years after our previous visit, we arrived early for our reservation and the table we were sat at was the exact same one as before! Still like that table and the restaurant is still lively and bustling. The service was still efficient (they have a large staff of mostly men) to the point of being rushed. Glasses of wine arrived moments after ordering them while still reviewing the menu. The California pinot had potential but was lacking in fruit depth. The Chianti was better and we wound up ordering a bottle of it. The meal got off to a strong start with the outstanding calamari. The tubes were whole and grilled and tasted almost smoky. They were served with thinly sliced jalapenos, corn and arugula in an aioli sauce. I never would have thought of mixing corn and calamari, but it worked. The combination of flavors with the expertly cooked calamari made a memorable and delicious dish. The two entrees were less impressive. The duck breast was massive (I didn't know ducks were this big!) and served over polenta with some caramelized dates and grilled scallions. Note to restaurants - please don't serve grilled scallions; they're nearly impossible to cut and you wind up having to slurp them. The duck was well cooked but boring. I wound up covering it in the salt that was on the table. It needed an umami sauce (like a peppercorn or soy based sauce) to give it some more life. The salmon in that entre was good (King) and well cooked. It came in a broth with watercress and some cubed zucchini, without anything to soak up the broth. Some whole grains, like barley might have worked as a base. It was a little weird and a bit of a miss.
NOT "Dog Friendly" only assistance dogs allowed. Yelp has mistakenly listed this restaurant as pet friendly. Yes, they allow service animals, but aren't they required to by law???
Came here for brunch right before the holidays and will be back this weekend for dinner. Reservations literally fill up a month in advance. I'm on the computer at the stroke of midnight grabbing the next one right when it opens up.Just realized today that I had put in the wrong number of people for dinner and called nervously to the restaurant. Emily was so chill about it. I hope this follows through! EEK! Fingers crossed!A full review of the food for BOTH brunch and dinner will come soon!
Try to look upstairs, see how they manage every corner of this restaurant. Now, i know the reason behind why I can easily walk anywhere. I have nothing to say with the food for it was proven many times. Maybe the only disadvantage would be the location because it was far from me.
AHHHH-MAZING! This is definitely one of the hot spots Frisco has to offer. NOPA without a doubt has the food and drinks to back it up! From their crafty creative cocktails to their bible list of wines, and ultimately and awesome food they have to offer, NOPA will have something to tantalize your taste buds! Great bang for your buck, great food and not overly priced!This place is always packed and reservations are booked up for peak dinner times on the weekends months ahead. If you want to come on the spur of the moment, chances are you will have to wait till late night to get seated (after 10pm) if you want a table. Not to worry tho, their last dish out of the kitchen is 1AM and this place is always poppin' especially on Friday and Saturdays. Insider tip, feel free to hover around the bar for drinks and if you can get a seat there, they offer up the full menu. Came here with the SO on a Friday night around 9:45p. It was just us to and we easily found a spot 15 minutes in at the bar. Had a couple drinks and the hostess asked if we wanted a table for the full experience and we gladly obliged.We figured we wanted to tackle as much of the menu as possible so we split a handful of apps and one entree. Started off the with duck confit spread which was awesome! Super rich and flavorful! Followed up by their famous flat bread with some spicy herbed fennel sausage and pancetta. This was one of their name to fame and it definitely lived up to it. Next up to bad was the smoke trout layered on top of a bed of quinoa and mushroom mix tossed with some almonds, grapes, and fish roe. This was definitely my favorite dish here. Trout was bone free, super moist, and packed with flavor. For our entree, we split the house made papardelle with lamb sugo. Super soft and succulent lamb chunks tossed in a rich sauce, such a delight to eat. None of that gamy flavor many are turned off by with lamb. Nopa nailed it!NOPA is on point with their food, service, and drink game! Come with a nice hearty appetite ready to devour some amazing and creative dishes. Menu is always changing your visit will sure to be different every time. I will definitely be back for more to give their world famous burger everyone is talking about a try! :)
I thoroughly enjoyed my dining experience here :) So the person I'm seeing (cause you know, we haven't exactly DTR yet ;) ) and I came in on a Monday in May. He thought he made reservations for May when he actually made them for June. All good, we were about to start looking for another restaurant to try. But then the hostess tells us someone just cancelled and a table opened up! So, we were seated at the balcony level :) The events of the night went as follow: First, we definitely used yelp photos to try and decide what to order. We ended up ordering the trout salad, duck, and burger - all super yummy dishes. The trout salad: this was personally my favorite dish. I love trout and I love quinoa. Then, we waited for about 30 minutes for our entrees to come. Usually that's quite a long time to wait for food, but we decided to have some fun waiting. Because we were seated on the balcony level, we were able to people watch 8) it's so fun people watching and speculating different reasons why others were eating at NOPA. I think being able to people creep while waiting 30+ minutes made the wait bearable. Anyway, then the burger and the duck came. My next favorite dish was the duck. It was very tender and the skin was deliciously crispy :) We ordered the burger with bleu cheese and although that was my least favorite dish of the night it was still superbly yummy. I would come to NOPA again but it's more of a "special occasions" restaurant than a "weekly/monthly" place to dine at.
Excellent. Sat at the bar, very friendly and personable team who knew their menu inside and out and could recommend a great meal. Atmosphere is fantastic, dessert was out of this world. Right near the Pam-handle; do it.
I came here with high expectations based on the reviews of their Grass Fed Burgers. Having grown up from the city where In-N-Out was founded, it would be difficult for any place to win me over with their burgers. Not Nopa. In fact, I believe their Grass Fed Burger to be possibly the best burger I have ever had. The bun was perfectly toasted and the beef was juicy (but not too much to make it soggy) and full of flavors. It was as the juices were trapped inside the meat and only found through each bite in the right amount. It was amazing! Fries were ok even though I found them to be a bit too salty. I also got the Little Fried Fish. This was very good. I don't know what the dip was but it was also very tasty. Menu changes daily, but certain popular items remain on the menu like the burger and roasted chicken. Atmosphere was very lively and a bit loud. But the staff was very friendly and accommodating. They took their time to explain the dishes and their fresh local ingredients used, which I always appreciate. Parking, however, is a pain in the butt. There were no valet available so make sure to get their early to find street parking. I was lucky to find a space across the street from Alamo Square a block away. There will be future visits for brunch!
Calling on a Saturday night to see if two people could squeeze on the reservation list solicited an automated response on the machine before anyone even picked up: "we recommend booking your table 3 months in advance." Errrr, what? Apparently you can't fine dine on a whim in SF! Luckily, when the hostess picked up she mentioned that there was a communal table and bar that were first come, first serve. My sister and I decided to give it a go, as we weren't starving and wanted to cross NOPA off our "been there, done that" list. You definitely need to be aggressive and build a strategy for taking advantage of the first come, first serve seating, as you're completely on your own. You can stake out, hard eye stare, make friends, etc. but just be prepared to use whatever tactics at your disposal to carve out a seat or you'll starve trying. The bartenders are quick to get everyone a drink in between serving the seated bar patrons, so at the very least, you will be well sauced while waiting. You also get the privilege of getting a preview of what's on the menu as you scope out the dishes being brought to seated patrons. The menu boasts seasonal plates that definitely make it hard to decide on just one entree.My sister and I didn't have to wait too long before snagging a seat and once seated we got attention from the bartender at first but then had to flag someone down anytime thereafter for a request (which wasn't too difficult given we were at the bar). The meal part started off with a lovely little amuse bouche of apples and a dipping sauce. A nice little touch while we waited for the larger items to come out. We ordered the wood baked butter beans to start, which came out sizzling and reminded me of a perfectly baked mac 'n cheese dish, but ten times more flavorful and hearty with the beans, feta, oregano and breadcrumbs. We could have started and ended the meal there and been super pleased with our experience, but we forged on. Chicken often gets the shaft these days because it's the most boring of the proteins since chefs are now dressing up the red meats with colorful ingredients that make them hard to resist, however once I saw the rotisserie chicken dish grace someone's plate while waiting, I knew it had to be mine! It was spectacular. I forgot how good chicken can be when done so right that you are left wishing you could flock down the whole bird. I don't even recall the sides it came with at the time because the chicken stole the show.Just when we thought we had hit the highest of notes with our dining experience, a coffee pot de creme was mentioned and both of us got wide-eyed and bushy-tailed at the thought of ending our meal with this little dream-like dessert. It turned out more creamy and rich than we could have imagined and the Earl Grey Crme Anglaise and Butter Toffee Shortbread were little angels accompanying this heavenly creature. It was a remarkable end to a remarkable meal.
Since moving to San Francisco I have been wanting to try Nopa. It gets so much attention so I'm not sure if my expectations were too high but I was disappointed. I thought that the food had some fun accents here and there but nothing really gave me the 'wow' I was looking for. We ordered the burger, the pappardelle, and the salmon for our mains. Burger was a burger - nothing exciting to write about, the salmon and pappardelle were both good but again not a 'wow' dish. We also ordered the avocado toast, roasted squash, and the spiced chickpeas. Toast was fine, chickpeas tasted like liquid smoke and bacon, and the squash was very boring, plain, and barely touched. I really wanted to love this place but it didn't do it for me.
We really enjoyed our dinner at NOPA. It's a fun, upbeat atmosphere with tasty food and great prices, especially considering it's organic. Drinks are mostly in the $8-10 range, which is pretty good, pared with their wide array of drink options. Service was generally good - we ordered a bunch of small plates and they were all delivered in a relatively timely manner, but dessert seemed to take a bit of time. I generally liked our experience and would go back more frequently, however a table seems to take a few weeks to get here, since it's so popular. It's a bit of a turnoff to have to wait a solid month to get a table, especially for something that's a good experience, though not a standout, special one. Of note that I did receive the tip that if you go at 5pm right when they open, they can often seat you at the bar where you get to overlook the chefs.Our waitress was friendly if a bit sharp, but she did have good recommendations for vegetarian items on the menu. The vegetarian options were plentiful.Onto the food and drinks...DrinksWe each had a grapefruit drinks -- I had a grapefruit soda and my boyfriend had grapefruit and vodka. Grapefruit was seasonal which is why they had it laced throughout the drinks and food menu so much. The soda was tasty -- very refreshing with a great hint of sour. My boyfriend also enjoyed his drink.FoodWe ordered a bunch of dishes to share:Amuse bouche of local honey crisp apples topped with a bit of a chocolate/chile nut butter and served with a side dish of sea salt - This was a very fun initial bite! The chile with the chocolate provided a nice, rich heat, and the added sea salt elevated the whole piece.Young Kale, Toasted Hazelnuts, Mandarin, Pomegranate and Pecorino - This was good, as we're both big fans of kale, but none of the flavors were especially surprising here. The toasted hazelnuts definitely added a great crunchy texture, but the pomegranate got lost in the bottom of the bowl and the pecorino was also very light. The mandarin was actually grapefruit, which added a nice bite and contrast compared to the kale. Overall, all the flavors worked together, but didn't create anything exceptional.Chicory Salad, Cauliflower, Garlic Croutons, Pimenton and Shaved Pantaleo - This was an unexpectedly fun mix of flavors. The chicory was again in season, and while it wouldn't have been special on its own, was a nice base for the other flavors. The cauliflower was cooked, and added a good crunchy element to the salad. It was again a light flavor, but complemented the chicory nicely. There were three good-sized croutons that were clearly freshly made. They were buttery and tasty, but it'd have been nice to have one or two more. The cheese again wasn't a big element, but did add some good cheesy flavor. The salad also had a spice to it, which really upped the ante on all the other flavors.Wood Baked Giant White Beans, Feta, Oregano Pesto and Breadcrumbs - This was our favorite dish of the evening. It was warm, hearty and the flavors worked perfectly together. There was just enough pesto to get a bit of a taste of it in each bite, the toasted breadcrumbs added a comforting factor to the dish, and the sharp contrast of the feta to the other flavors finished this dish off perfectly.Roasted Autumn Squash, Persimmon and Herbed Yogurt - Huge pieces of squash, surrounded by persimmon and all sitting in a flavorful yogurt. Again, they were really following what was seasonal here, and the flavors of the squash with the persimmon worked so nicely together. You didn't even need the yogurt, but it was creamy and did add some contrasting flavor. The squash was cooked perfectly.Moroccan Vegetable Tagine, Toasted Almonds and Lemon Yogurt - This was our least favorite item and the most unremarkable, would definitely skip if we went again. To be fair, our waitress didn't recommend, but we were still a bit hungry at the end, so we decided to go with it. We should have repeated the beans again instead. This was a hybrid soup/stir fry with what seemed like some squash, some potato, almonds and a large dollop of yogurt in the middle. The different vegetable flavors did not stand out, and the broth didn't have a particular flavor to it either. The almonds were good, but almost a weird piece to have in the dish. The yogurt was good here, but didn't elevate the dish enough as the other flavors failed to complement it well.Chocolate Ganache and Buckwheat Tart - Sea Salt, Lavender Ice Cream and Candied Walnuts - This had very deep flavor and was very tasty. The lavendar ice cream had a weird scent to it, but it may just be that I'm not thrilled with the taste of lavender. The overall ganache/tart was delicious - a good sized serving and made very well. The ice cream (if ignoring the scent) was a good complement to the richness. The candied walnuts were particularly delicious and there was a generous serving!
Definitely not more than three stars. But a solid three. I'm not sure why this spot has three dollar signs for price on Yelp. Perhaps people take the alcohol into consideration. The food isn't very pricy, relative to many places rated three dollar signs. I wasn't crazy about the dinner menu. I got the pork chop and potatoes and the person I was with had the chicken. The pork chop was tender, but the accompanying potatoes were a joke. Three little potato cut-outs? Seriously? The ambiance isn't what I'd prefer on a typical night. It's one of those places where you need to raise your voice when speaking in order to be heard. On a night the Giants take home the "W" in a World Series game, that's more acceptable, however.
There was a hair in my food and the service was just OK. When I told my waiter about the hair, he asked "what color was it" but didn't do anything about it. The somm...is not that nice, but I'm sure she's good at her job. The food though..very good. I had the halibut with trumpet mushrooms - delish and the fiance had the pork chop who said this was the best dish he had had in a long time. This is saying something because we've been trying to cover SF Foodie grounds for a year now. Apps - I loved the avo toast, but fiance said it was nothing special. Eh. The giant bean dish was yummy but a bit too mushy for my taste. All in all 4/5!
Lawrence is one of my favorite chefs in San Francisco, I have followed him for a number of years and he has cooked at our venue The Box SF as well. Killer food, cool place...nuff said!
WOW. This restaurant has immediately made it onto my shortlist of favorite SF restaurants. I was so impressed by everything, and you will be too.We actually came here for 2nd dinner once, as we had our first dinner earlier in the night at a tapas place and weren't quite full. HAHAH. Our party of 4 shared:- the amazing pork chop in all its fall-off-the bone fattiness- the epic burger alongside perfect fries that were served with fresh ketchup & an artful basil aioli- perfectly textured papparedelle pasta. perfect. OMG the flavors. the pairings. the simplicity and yet the complexity. I love that my mind was being blown by incredible flavors served in a cool/comfy/casual setting that was not at all pretentious. Although the reservation process and popularity of this place can be intimidating, the fact that Nopa is open til 1 am means that you might be able to just stroll in and sit down without a reservation if you choose a later dinner time. Otherwise, reservation recommended! I also got lucky and walked right into 2 available bar seats for a delicious late Sunday brunch once, but not sure I'll be that lucky twice ;]
one of my friends is a HUGE fan and we decided to do our double date here. My bf and I arrived early so we sat at the bar and tried their appetizers. I ordered the chicken wings and a ham + Gruyere sandwich. Both were really tasty! I also ordered a bottle of (my new favorite) Castle Rock Sparkling water. It's one of the best tasting sparkling water's I've ever had! At 6pm we were asked to move to our dinner table. I did feel a little rushed being moved from the bar to our table, but i understand that they're really busy and need the space. We were seated up stairs in the corner and it was a little warm as the kitchens were underneath us. We asked to be moved one table forward which they allowed.We had the beans and the pig platter to share. Head cheese was wonderful as well as the pate and ham but the beans were the BEST! My friend and I split the burger and the chicken while our bf's ordered burgers of their own. My friend is pregnant and asked for a "no pink" burger but it came out medium rare. We had it sent back and they gave us a whole new burger cooked with no pink. I wasn't too impressed with their main entrees, but if i go back, I'd try more of the smaller platters.
Best pork chops I've ever had! Amazing experience at Nopa. Someone in our party made the reservation 30 days in advance - apparently they're very hard to get (for good reason!) but it did look like a big communal high top table near the bar and many bar seats with full service didn't require reservations. Also had an amazing avocado toast appetizer and bombolino (mini donuts) with marmalade dessert. Great wine selection too and high quality service. An all around memorable experience.
It's great to see a place like NOPA continue to deliver after all these years. Staples continue to be Flat bread, their Burger, and you CANNOT go wrong with their pork chop. I hope NOPA continues to do their thing and continue strong into the future
I came here with my boyfriend this past Saturday to dine at the highly anticipated NOPA. We had been excited to try this restaurant for months now and decided to come and celebrate a special occasion. Unfortunately, some of the food ordered left me with a terrible stomach ache and the runs all night &the following day :( and coupled with the bad service and attitude from our female server- the night ended on a sour note. Hopefully next time we will have a better experience with the rotating menu and different server. We ordered the grilled calamari (pure perfection!), cheeseburger and rotisserie chicken entrees, and chocolate mousse dessert. The chicken lacked flavor and was underwhelming. The dessert was too rich in chocolate (and I'm a huge chocolate lover) and tasted strange. Perhaps it was not stored correctly or unfresh since I became very sick after consuming my dinner. My boyfriend, on the other hand, was ok from his cheeseburger. I Also ordered a fruity grapefruit cocktail which I highly recommend. One of the best cocktails I have ever had. The hostess that night was also very polite and accommodating. Overall, though, an underwhelming experience and am not looking forward to dining here again anytime soon. By the way, there's a video posted in a review for NOPA capturing a live worm in someone's salad. Perhaps that explains the health rating for this restaurant and why I possibly got sick. Bon apetit folks.
I have been several times and each time it gets better and better...even after all these years! We went again last night had the halibut crudo, corn/bacon/muscle chowder, rabbit legs, and Bolognese pasta. Everything was amazing and the rabbit was prepared in such a unique and special way. Our server was Stefan and he made our evening that much better. He really had great suggestions for both food and beverages. Plus, he also really seemed excited about NOPA and what they have to offer.Can't wait to go back!
love this place. cool ambiance, great food, and the servers are really nice. been here for dinner and brunch. brunch you have to get the custard french toast to share, I got the butter basted eggs and they were good but I probably wouldn't get them again- nothing too special, needs a meat or something added to the plate. for bunch - If you go closer to 1-2 you will have a much easier time getting a table vs going earlier and waiting a long time.
Noisy NOPA! Top quality food! Never found a more noisy place and rarely found a better place than this wonderful NOPA! There fried duck legs are even better than the state bird in State Bird Provisions. I will be back for this magical NOPA very soon!
It sucks when you look forward to going to a restaurant and then you find a worm in your food. We went in for brunch and this was in my PREGNANT wife's food (it was the butter basted duck eggs). We reported it to the waiter who took the plate and asked what else on the menu she'd like. It didn't take too long to get the next dish (a burger). We'll give them some credit because he apologized and then the manager stopped by to apologize and gave us a $5 complimentary sticky bun (similar to a cinnamon bun). Unfortunately, my wife has gestational diabetes so the bun only tortured her more since she can't eat sweets right now. A nice gesture but a fail. I guess we expected some sort of discount but when we asked for the check, we saw that they charged us for both of our dishes at full price. We weren't looking to get a free meal or argue with anyone so we just paid it and left. The manager did give us his card 'in case we need to make a reservation to come back'. Not a lot of good that will do us. So to recap: my 8.5 month pregnant wife found a live worm in her food and they apologized with a $5 sticky bun. Video of worm will be posted soon.
We ordered burger and fries along with grapefruit cardamon juice and jalapeo potato turnoverJust one word amazingEverything was homemade and fresh.The burger was really juicy and the fries was tender.
This was my second time at NOPA and it was just as delicious as the first. To be honest, when I look at the menu, I'm never that impressed (probably because I don't eat much meat, and it's mostly meat). But the two main dishes I've ordered have both been just fabulous. When I came here about 6 months ago, I ordered the Cannelloni stuffed with house-made fennel sausage (and yes, though I don't normally eat meat, the sausage was totally worth it!) This trip the Cannelloni was no longer on the menu - I believe their menu is pretty seasonal. So I ordered the Moroccan Vegetable Tangine. Again, I was a bit doubtful - the server basically described it as a vegetable stew. But oh man, the flavors were amazing! It was cauliflower, potato, beans, green beans, and olives in the this fantastic spiced sauce (not idea what the spices were, but I'm all for them). As a table, we also ordered the flatbread app - who knew brussel sprouts on pizza would work so well! I love making pizza at home so I was definitely taking notes. We also ordered the side of squash - it was sweetly caramelized and perfect for the season.We brought our own wine and I believe it was a $20 corkage. So that's a nice option too! We also had a reservation and were seated right away when we arrived on Friday at 7:30. If you don't reserve ahead of time (and you better do it a month in advance to get a spot) I imagine you have to wait an hour or more during peak hours. The one negative to our visit was the noise volume. We were a table of 5 and I could only hear the person directly next to me and directly across the table. My first time here there were just two of us and we were seated on the balcony upstairs - and I don't remember it being quite so loud. But yeah, this time, hard to hold a good conversation. For a pretty upscale place, maybe they should reconsider their acoustics!NOPA seems to be one of SF's iconic restaurants, and I can definitely see why. If you're a local and you haven't been yet, it's time for a taste!
Sorry SF, but this one didn't meet the hype. My boyfriend made reservations here a couple weeks in advance for the two of us for my birthday and the earliest we could get was 11pm. Naively, we both thought we could manage to wait for dinner till then but by the time we arrived I was starting to get sleepy and a little hangry. We shared the avocado salad to start. I really love avocado so this was pretty enjoyable for both of us, but there were points where I did find it a little too sour. For our entrees I ordered the duck and he had the salmon. We also split a side of wilted greens. I wish they specified what greens were in that dish though because we both expected something like spinach and whatever we were served was ridiculously bitter so I hardly touched it. I really hate bitter vegetables and if I'd known what was in this beforehand I would've avoided it at all costs. Our entrees themselves were very good. I loved how the sweet figs cut through some of the incredible richness of the duck. BF's salmon was also very tasty and I don't think he had any complaints. For dessert, we got the sopapillas and the pot de creme, which were both very tasty and probably my favorite part of the meal. We were also a little unlucky as it was unusually hot in SF that day, and they didn't have air conditioning in the restaurant so it was incredibly stuffy which made it really hard to enjoy our food, especially the rich fatty flavors of the duck. The combination made me feel a little sick and I had to pause a lot in order to keep enjoying my food. All in all, I think NOPA is good, but not push-off-dinner-till-11pm good (and to be honest, we both enjoyed Nopalito the next day much more!).
Get the salmon. And the broccoli with anchovies. Get it even if you don't like salmon, broccoli or anchovies. As for dessert, since NoPa is is a special occasion restaurant we usually order three desserts for two people.....and pretend we plan on taking some home with us. The waiter knows us...and knows we will eat all three but will go along with the charade. I always have room for more dessert.
My long awaited trip to Nopa finally happened a few weeks ago. My friend D who was also very interested in trying it was able to get us reservations. This place is on the busy street of Divisadero but we were able to find some street parking a block or two away. This place is very open and lively. There is a bar on one side and the rest of the restaurant is the dining room. The wait area is super small but I guess it helps that there is the bar side. We didn't have to wait too long after we arrived and we got seated on the side that had a booth side and regular chairs on the other. It was a good seat and we were able to see all the happenings of the restaurant. I was hesitant to write this review but I am here to give my honest opinions on things here on Yelp, so here it goes.. I wasn't impressed by this place, I don't know if it's because I had such high expectations and the hype was too real. I think it was so hyped up for me because I've heard such great things. We ordered the wood fire giant beans and fries with the aoli for appetizers. Both were okay, nothing to write home to about, the fries were extremely salty and hard to eat. For the main entree I shared the burger and the pork chop with my friend M. The burger was alright.. nothing special, definitely just a burger, and the pork chop was probably one of the better things I had that night. It had a very sweet taste to it but it was a nice and juicy pork chop. The flavor reminded me of Chinese roasted pork (spot on), so that's why I probably wasn't too wowed like others seem to be of the dish. I'll be honest, I'm sad that this place didn't work out for me. Maybe I'd have better luck during brunch? Just maybe.....
We stopped in last weekend and wanted to find out of if this place was worth the hype... It delivered and then it sort of didn't.... I get that this restaurant is really popular... Overall, it was an A-OK experience.. Maybe it would be better if we went back...We stopped in to grab a drink at the bar... Plenty of options for cocktails.... I think they had two beers on draft..... The atmosphere is great. Lively crowd... Clean... Bright....It got awkward when we asked for a menu after we ordered drinks. It took 2 bartenders and 4 times asking to get a menu... The second bartender was much nicer than the first. It was almost like we were bothering her and taking up her time. She had a disgusted look on her face like she didn't want to be there. It got awkward. After a new bartender took over, things went much smoother.We tried several of the bar bites including the wings and the duck.. Both were tasty..Our entrees took a while and were filling.... The half chicken came out on a layer of squash and a white sauce..... I didn't quite get the reason for the sauce. It had separated and was kind of a mess. I get that roasted chicken isn't like reinventing wheel. It was ok.... It was cooked properly and juicy but needed salt..Overall, it was a solid experience. Perhaps if the first bartender would have had a better attitude, the sour taste would not have been left in my mouth. There are so many options in SF... This place seems to have a great crowd and I wish them the best..Asking for a menu three times is a little ridiculous... well, 4 times actually if you count the second staff member who assisted...
It pains me to write this review. The boyfriend surprised me with dinner reservations for a date night, since our only other time here was for brunch and we really wanted to try the dinner menu. We ordered the broccoli based on a friend's rec and it was a delicious starter. I ordered the porkchop and he ordered the pappardelle for our main courses. Everything tasted absolutely amazing; the porkchop was topped with roasted carrots (obviously I'm a sucker for roasted veggies) and tart but sweet raisins. The "painful" part comes at a little less than halfway through my meal, when I noticed a little tiny critter (worm - GAH) atop the decorative leaves at the side of my dish. I immediately froze and called a waitress over because of this, and she grabbed the dish right away. She returned with a sincere apology and the menu, asking me to order anything else I wanted. I explained that I really enjoyed my porkchop up to that point so she packed up a new one for me to take home. I expressed that no decorative leaves were necessary but that I enjoyed everything else. We ordered the strawberry lemon semifreddo for dessert which was deducted off our bill, along with another $6 - greatly appreciative of this gesture. Unfortunately, as I checked my togo box before leaving I found just a plain porkchop. After debating whether or not I was being "difficult" I told the waiter (nicely) that I had asked for carrots and it looks like it was missed. Ended up waiting another 10 mins to get four roasted carrots added. As I said, it pains me to write this review because I've heard nothing but great things about Nopa. Our first meal here for brunch was delicious, and the service and food really is on point. But, between the critter incident, the miss on my carrots, and the fact that I still paid $30 for a porkchop that had none of the toppings that contribute to the overall price - I have to deduct a few stars from my rating. Hoping it was just an unlucky night but disappointing nonetheless :(
I feel like this is now the standard for every good/fine restaurant in the city:- Hard to get reservations- Cocktails- New American food, with added ethnic twistsIn fact they look similar too, with tables a little too close to each other, and nothing that stands out too much.I did enjoy my food at NOPA, we got:Little Gem Salad - too much dressing, but the dates and walnuts were a great additionTagine- I have to learn how to make this. They pretty much made American food, with a Moroccan twistAvocado Salad - seriously we shouldn't have gotten this, but it did fill us up good!If I ever go hear again, it would be for the Hot Toddy! They added brandy and honey for me, and a cinnamon stick!
(300 reviews and counting! And no better place to mark this occasion!)Needing to choose a place for some fine dining since I just happened to be in the City for a semi-special occasion, one of my friends suggested NOPA as it was on her "to try" list for a long while. Let me say that It is so god damn hard to get a reservation anywhere in the City for 6 people in general, let alone two weeks' notice for a Monday! Luckily for us, we were able to get the reservation at Nopa.First thing I noticed was the beautiful ambiance. I've been in way too many places in the City that were either cramped, lacked any decent level of lighting, were too damn loud, or a combination of all of those. It was definitely nice to be somewhere in the City that DOESN'T have any of those issues. I was pretty shocked at how high the ceilings were. Combined with the fact that there was enough seating to feel like I wasn't being crammed like a sardine, it was a very comfortable experience.Given that we had such a large party, we were able to order plenty of appetizers and entrees. I'll rank the appetizers based on preference:1. Salt cod brandade, avocado, capers, and pimenton: Oh man this was really good. Stuffed the fish on top of bread and crushed! Wish that there was more of this, it ran out too fast. :(2. Housemade fusilli, braised rabbit, and meyer lemon ricotta: Really, really tasty. Didn't even taste like rabbit!3. Brussel sprouts, poached egg, tasso spiced ham, and horseradish cream: I'm not a fan of brussel sprouts, but the combination worked. Actually made me want more of it.4. Flatbread of bacon, carmelized onions, apple, broccoli di ciccio and cheddar: Really good, but I felt like this is something I could've gotten somewhere else. Don't get me wrong, it was still awesome and I thoroughly enjoyed it. But it can be replicated elsewhere.As for the entree, I'm not gonna try to fight against the status quo. If the majority of reviews say that the pork chop is must have and I've been dying to eat a decent pork chop for a while, I think my decision was made pretty easily! Pork chop was soooo juicy, with every bite bursting with flavor. Almost made me forget that I'm a beef guy and not a pork guy! Also got a chance to sample the braised duck leg and the grass fed hamburger. Let's just say that I have a reason to try this place again (yeah, they're good).Service was very good. Our waiter was quite attentive and checked on us pretty regularly. And our reservation was well worth its weight...I was seeing wait times of up to two hours for walk-ins. I like food, but I don't have that much time!Overall, great experience. Would definitely recommend to anyone else to come here. And would DEFINITELY come again!P.S. Bi-Rite Creamery being next door to NOPA really isn't making a repeat visit a tough choice.
Nopa is pretty much as perfect for brunch as you could hope for. Went with a group of friends while on vacation to SF. Great atmosphere, staff, and the food was incredible. But not as incredible as the 12 that was sitting across the way from our group...made focusing on the meal challenging but some how I pulled through. Always taking one for the team. You're welcome and go to Nopa!
As I'm packing my bags and ready to leave my favorite city of San Francisco tomorrow morning, I feel like I need to write my review of NOPA while I'm still in town, while I can still feel the magic of this city that steals my heart every time I visit her.I'm writing this right now not because NOPA, or any other foodie or Yelper, as a matter of fact, needs to read another review. How many restaurants do you know have over 3,400 reviews on Yelp. Not too many, I'm sure.I'm writing this right now because I know where my heart is. I'll always leave my heart in San Francisco, although I wouldn't know specifically where. Now, I know. When I fly out of SFO tomorrow morning, I'll know that I left my heart in NOPA, San Francisco. When I tried to make a reservation over a week ahead of time, Friday and Saturday nights were already completely full. The only time slots available were 6:45 or 10:15 on Thursday.  I grabbed the 6:45 reservation right away. SCORE!TIP: Make your reservation early on Yelp or Open Table. Reservation is accepted up to one month in advance. I don't need to tell you how good the food is or how beautifully each dish is presented. I don't need to tell you that the duck is from out of this World. I don't need to tell you that you must absolutely order the flatbread appetizer. I don't need to tell you that service has been all smiles and close to impeccable. That's what the other 3,400+ reviews are for, so go read them!What I'll tell you:--Small menu. Only few items to choose from. But every dish is perfectly executed. Brilliant! MUCH better than those places with 100+ items to choose from but only a few are their "specialties". --Vibes is absolutely cool and vibrant. The atmosphere is high energy, yet inviting and comfortable.--The crowd is chill. Really cool and beautiful people here. Hey, it's San Francisco. Come here with an open mind, bring your love and smiles, and you'll have a great time.--Service has been cool, attentive, efficient and friendly. We love our server, Desiree (name from receipt) who has an adorable tattoo on her forearm. Each server also has several helpers so items that you need or ordered will be brought to you promptly -- pretty much the model of an upscale restaurant.--TIP: Ask for a table upstairs. It's more comfortable (less traffic around you) and you also enjoy a nice view of the people below you ;)Now, if you decide to give this place a go, let me give you some warnings:Be prepared to fall in love. With NOPA. With San Francisco.With the love of your life who is with you.
Summary: not sure what all of the hype is about, because the food ain't more than pretty good, although the portions are quite generous... but the service was STELLAR.I wish we had asked our server's name. He really made our night. Very warm and friendly from his first introduction, his smiling demeanor, flannel shirt, and otherwise casual signals did not do justice to his absolutely professional service. Our glasses were never, ever empty. Our table was spotless. Our food was gorgeously described. Our conversation was consistently flowing. Our waiter really treated us to a wonderful dinner without being overbearing.Finally got a reservation to use a year-old gift card from a friend. Basically impossible to get a reservation for brunch without 30 days' planning. We shared 2 appetizers and an entree: smoked trout and mushrooms with quinoa and toasted almonds (our fave of the night); lamb riblets with cumin (super tender, but too salty); porchetta (again a bit salty). Plus a side of the grilled broccoli (again, too salty). The food was definitely not BAD by any means, but we just weren't amazed or impressed. The trout and quinoa salad was the only dish that stood out to me as something I would never have thought to make at home or didn't think I would be able to make it better home-cooked. The trout wasn't overly fishy or salty, and the mushrooms in the salad were perfectly tender and juicy. And the toasted almost were SO nutty and toasty.We found the lamb riblets, porchetta, and broccoli all too salty. The crispy cracklins and pork belly outer of the porchetta were great, but the inner pork loin was a little dry and bland, other than being too salty. The quince butter was a nice complement, but more bright flavors would have been nice to shine through the meaty density of the dish. The portions were quite large. My husband and I barely finished 1/3 of our entree. The kick of sour lemon and crunch of breadcrumbs were a fun foil to the grilled broccoli, but the broccoli was actually still quite hard and might have benefited from a few more minutes in the heat. I think my roasted broccoli at home is better. :( Other than the tenderness and salty soy sauce of the lamb riblets, there weren't many flavors in that dish. Methinks this style of cuisine is perhaps just not a good match for my bold flavor-loving palate. Glad to have visited, but probably won't be back again. Although... I am quite curious about the oft-praised burger. :)
I went here with my mom and my sister on a spontaneous Sunday afternoon, right before the kitchen really opened - and it was such a lucky pick! We had a great time sitting at a high table overlooking the entire restaurant and bar. We tried some of the local beers and wings while waiting for the kitchen to open and they were already a good singing for what was to come. The entire time we were helped by a great and attentive waiter who was not intrusive, very sincerely friendly and patient. The menu looked so good - we couldn't decide for anything big - instead we went for several appetizers and smaller dishes. Amazing duck liver mousse, fried little fish, grilled squash, warm goat cheese and we couldn't forego the amazingly juicy burger!! After all the munching we barely had room for desert but we couldn't pass up the opportunity to try one of the merger-before-heard-of deserts! A great combo of black sesame cake with sour figs and sweet zabbaione with some juicy fresh blackberries. The balance of tastes in all dishes was excellent and we were so happy that we came here on our short trip to San Francisco! I can only recommend this place and will rave about it when I go home to Germany!
Honestly, this is a good one. Came here for brunch with a reservation... They were slow though, but the french toast and the soft scrambled eggs are really really good.The coffee was unimpressive and you actually have to pay 5 bucks for a bread basket (do so).
Review for dinner only.Sure I have heard a lot of good things about NOPA's brunch, which I don't have a chance to do it yet, but I got to do dinner first!Walked in late at night (around 11pm) with a hungry stomach. Lucky to get seated right away! Menu was not super extensive but good enough. Four of us quickly decided on what we wanted.For appeitzers we got the duck gizzard confit, avocado with salmon roe and melon salad. The duck gizzard confit came with lentils and liver mousse on baguette. You could hardly find the duck gizzard because it was cut into very small pieces scatter on top of the lentils, but it was very tender and delicious. The liver mousse was so good too! Melon salad was another highlight. It consisted of watermelon and honey dew and both were so sweet. If you were a big fan of avocado, you will love that dish. To me it wasn't very special but it was delicious.For entree we shared the pork chop and pappardelle in bolognese sauce. Both of them were sooo good! The pork chop was very tender and juicy. The bolognese sauce was so good with the house-made pappardelle. I highly recommend these two dishes.As for dessert we shared the chocolate pot de creme and pear tart. The pear tart was a bit sweet for me but it was actually pretty good especially the crust. The chocolate pot de creme was not too sweet but was pretty thick so I was too full to eat more of it. Overall everything was very good at NOPA. I'm looking forward to my next visit for brunch!
I love meat.I love buns.I've sunk my teeth into a fair number of juicy, slightly pinkish meat in between delicious buns.Hold on. If you think this is going to be another dirty review, well, you are SO right. ;-) There's nothing better than Nopa's grass fed burger. Thick and compact, it fits nicely in your hands and doesn't fall apart when you take a bite.I like my burger without the added bacon or extra slather of aoili (THE aioli, I save that for dipping my fries in!) I do ALWAYS get it with Gruyere, because if I don't, it just feels naked without it. Then I order me self a really strong cocktail (gin, tequila, whiskey?) It all goes down easy. I sit there with my sleeves rolled up, hair out of the way, and go for it with gusto. Getting dirty and jiggy with it ... so don't bother me.
Not sure why there's so much hype about this restaurant.They have a beautiful, little loft area with additional seating where you can get a bird's eye view of the restaurant - that was pretty cool. Also, the menu was stamped with the date so they must have a new menu every day which is quite an amazing feature. That being said, the food was not amazing nor were the cocktails.We started with the avocado toast as an appetizer -that was delicious - my favorite part of the meal - crisp, buttery toast with the smooth, fresh taste of the avocado kicked up a bit with some pickled onions. Loved it. But then I got my first cocktail, the King Collins. Being a soda based drink I expected it to be effervescent, but it was flat. Nice flavor though. I had the grilled hamburger for dinner (I asked for well done) while my partner had the pappardelle. My burger was undercooked - pink in the center. Despite being slightly upset, I still tried to have a positive outlook on the flavor; however it just wasn't there. The fries that came with the hamburger, though, were perfectly cooked and, thankfully, they give you A LOT. My partner's pappardelle was pretty good, but he said it lacked any interesting flavors.I ordered an extra dirty St George Terroir martini after dinner. They did put an olive in it, but it was by no means dirty. It's alcohol, though, ya know. So I drank it.We're not professional foodies by any means, but we do cook at home and can compare the taste of food. We have honestly prepared better meals ourselves, which is why I gave a lower rating. For a relatively pricey restaurant with such great reviews I just expected more.My partner said he would not come back, but I would still like to give it another try. Maybe we came on an off-menu day?
Had 10pm reservations on a Saturday night. Needless to say, this place was alive with energy when we walked in. We were promptly seated and given menus. I had heard so much about the creative menu at Nopa, so we decided to order a bunch of appetizers and two entrees to share between all of us. The ambience was great, the noise level was loud (the bar was packed) and the service was swift and friendly. The food was unbelievable. We ordered the warm goat cheese with crostini, wood baked butter beans, and the pappardelle with lamb among a few other items. I definitely recommend this place for foodies and adventurous eaters alike. Keep in mind you'll spend a dent amount here, but it's definitely worth it. Also, I recommend taking your favorite bottle of wine, the corkage fee is reasonable! (The wine list is also pretty amazing).
15.02.01.      2nd VisitFood ----------------- 4 1/2 - 5 StarsTrout RilleteGrapefruit Drink Great drink ... Not too tartPork Chop One of the top 3 best pork chop dish I ever had. Nothing negative to say. Every components work well with the pork Generous portion for this quality! Prepared differently ... Every time I pass by   The front door menu ... FARM TO TABLE Segments from seasonal blood orangeDessert
The food is good. But if you're in rush or want to finish dinner without waiting for it 2 hours this is not your place. ( more precisely 1 hour 34 minutes )Bottom line good restaurant with really really really slow service. I prefer others that are on the same street offering same or better quality.Update:After more waiting I canceled the order. So basically I ate only the Mellon salad which was good.
My boyfriend and I were taking a trip up to SF, and everyone we asked for recommendations and every online list we consulted suggested Nopa. So we made reservations and dined here twice, once for brunch and once for dinner since we didn't want to miss anything on their menu!Each time we visited the service was impeccable. Maybe I was expecting too much from the food however, and I wasn't as impressed as I thought I'd be. For brunch, we ordered the custard french toast, the butter basted duck eggs, the biscuit and a couple drinks. The drinks were all very tasty. I wanted to order a latte, but the restaurant only serves milk, no substitutes for lactose intolerant people. No big. The french toast was what I was most looking forward to, and it was really delicious for the first few bites, but also incredibly rich. I'd recommend only getting the half portion and sharing it among 2-3 people. The biscuit has more of a cornbread-ish texture than a buttery flaky biscuit, I wouldn't recommend ordering that item.As for dinner, we ordered the famed pork chops and the equally famous burger and a duck pasta appetizer to share. We made sure to ask the server that their medium rare is a true medium rare, which he assured us it was, but then the burger came out overcooked. We were talking so we didn't notice until a couple bites had been taken, but when the waiter came by to check we let him know and he was very kind and we were not charged for it. Our service really was amazing the whole time we were there. The pork chop was good, it had a nice smoky flavor and it was very moist. However, I didn't feel like it was a balanced dish. The pork chop was humungous, probably enough to share between 2-3 people and the dish came with a couple roasted root vegetables, but I wished it would've come with a smaller portion of the pork and a couple varied sides on the dish. It was pretty overwhelming to try to finish the whole thing. Overall, out of both visits, my favorite item we ordered was the duck pasta app, which was really delicious. I would recommend it in a heartbeat.I really wanted to love Nopa, but it didn't really hit the mark for me. I think it's a wonderful spot to visit for great service and nice atmosphere, but just don't expect too too much from the food.
Many restaurants have tried to emulate NOPA, few have succeeded. Food, vibe, hours, drinks, brunch - this place does it all very.Always a place you are excited to take your seat and get started. Fancy but not pretentious (your results may vary). One of the best Bloody Mary's in town. Many folks forget that when this place opened Divis was not trendy. Same number same hood.
Five stars for their CUSTARD FRENCH TOAST!!But warning, beware of the metered street parking in the area. The hostess at Nopa had a roll of quarters ready for exchange but even after I added additional time to my parking spot, the meter maid still got me - One hefty parking ticket!
Review #400.To celebrate the big 4-0-0, I decided to review a business where I had the most incredible meal on a recent SF trip. My brother claimed that this was his absolute favorite restaurant in all of San Francisco. And with that proclamation, I was truly excited for our dining experience.We arrived a few minutes before our 700pm reservation. The smiling hostess greeted us, and were seated immediately in a booth. SETTING: The restaurant has 2 levels: Energetic atmosphere that's casual yet maintains the service level of any fine dining establishment. The main level is comprised of a bar area, tables and booths. The upper level is not as large and overlooks the main floor.FOOD:1. Starter: Flatbread of spice fennel sausage, Brussels sprouts, olives, and horseradish cream. My brother's recommendation. It was good. The horseradish cream certainly did a impeccable job of clearing the sinuses.2. Salad (complimentary): Young Kale, Asian Pear, Toasted Walnuts, Pomegranate and Pecorino  A delay in the kitchen was the culprit that compelled the management to send this salad to keep our hunger momentarily satisfied.  Simple in preparation but full of flavor. We enjoyed it very much.Entrees--1. Country Pork Chop, Potatoes, Brussels Sprouts, Leeks, Grapes and Mustard. My mother's choice. As she was on vacation, she decided to stray from her diet and treat herself. She absolutely loved this dish. The pork chop was tender and prepared to her liking. Recommended.2. Grass Fed Hamburger, Pickled Onions and French Fries. After looking thru various reviews, I was intrigued and decided to order this. Firstly, I LOVED the french fries. Served hot and crispy. Yes, yes, I know the fries merely accompany the main fanfare but they were sinfully delicious. The burger was, well to be quite honest, absolutely mouth-watering. I loved it! I would definitely order this again.3. Seared duck: Cassoulet Of Duck Leg, Lentils, Spicy Fennel Sausage, Bacon and Carrots. Sadly I only sampled a small piece of this dish, but I liked it very much. I believe my brother enjoyed it even more as he finished his entire portion.SERVICE: Excellent. Outstanding even. I appreciated the warm greeting from the hostess and her promptness of showing us to our table. The server was very friendly and extremely patient when answering all our questions. He was kind to suggest one of their holiday drinks/cocktails and allowed us ample time to look over the menu. One gesture I appreciated was the multiple tastings of 2 other red wines provided for my mother. We explained that she wasn't fond of the wine she originally chose, and our server was more than accommodating in helping my mother make another selection. In the end, she found 1 of the 2 choices to her liking thanks to the suggestions from the server. Secondly, since there was a slight delay with our entrees, a complimentary salad was sent to the table to make amends for the lag. During the course of entire meal, the server and other staff checked on us regularly, made sure everything was satisfactory, cleared away any used dishes/utensils, while our water and cocktail glasses were always kept full.BOTTOM LINE: Good food. Wonderful atmosphere. Outstanding service. I will definitely be back!!
Beautiful space, amazing service, and great food. The trout toast and the polenta dessert were unique and so so good. Lamb tartare and brussel sprouts were amazing, too!
Overpriced (very, BTW) and subpar experience. The "environment" is great but the food is just a hype. The waiter (Rene) is great and really made difference to improve our experience. The wine selection is good. The King Salmon is just a little piece of food in your plate, on top of lentils.The average wait if you don't have reservation is over 90 minutes - trust me, it isn't worth.Last, but not least, they will overcharge you for the soda - served in a tiny glass full of ice and without refill.The 3 stars is only deserved because of the server and the appetizer: warn goat cheese, pear, strawberries and crostini. Everything else is only 1, 2 stars at most.
The wait was rather insane. Arrived 20 minutes after opening and still had to wait 2 hours. That being said, food was really good. Tasted super fresh. Service was stellar.
It can be hard to get a table, so I'm a fan of the communal table. As long as you're seated somewhere you can order food. The delicious, delicious food.
Dear Nopa,Hey girl, I be missing you for a quick minute and I just wanted to give you a holla. Where should I even start? You're just so perfect in every way.You make me feel so appreciated. You greet me at the door with a smile. You ask me what I'm drinking even when you're busy at the bar. And I can't say enough how much I appreciate you always asking me how my dinner is going. You know how to treat a person right.And you got me staying up all night thinking 'bout you. Getting me all hot and bothered with that oh-so-succulent PorkChop. It was tender and gentle. The aroma rushed through my senses when I had you on my lips. Nothing too overwhelming so that I could taste it nice and slow. Girl, I'll go back for your PorkChop all the time. You have so many looks. I see you be changing into different Menus all the time. I never know what I'm going to get when I see you. It's like a new experience every time and I bet you look amazing in all of your Menus.People be trippin' when they say you high maintenance and giving you a $$$ rating. You're so affordable and down to earth! I don't mind splurging on you because you're worth it. You have the ambiance, the taste, and you treat me well. Girl, you the whole package.We did a nice, late dinner last time. How about meeting me for Brunch soon? I understand you'll have a line out the door waiting for you, it's cool. I'll call and make a reservation. Love,Your Secret AdmirerP.S. I'm love drunk over your drinks
Does it seem a little ridiculous to write a review for a restaurant with over 3,000 reviews already? Yes. Yes, it does.But I am writing this because I love this place. Truly. Deeply. And it deserves every 5 star review it gets.Key Points:FORGET THE TABLE. Seriously, don't get caught up in worrying about reservations or trying to get a spot at a table. Put your name on the wait list if you're really dying for that sit down experience, order a drink, and just.... chill. A lot of people get caught up in finding a spot, but there is eventually plenty of room at the communal table and bar. There is also an unspoken first come first serve rule that everyone abides by, so if you've been waiting you WILL find a spot. Just remember to be respectful to your fellow spot seekers. Order the Pork Chop. If this is your first time here, just do it. Vegetarian? I will cry for you every night you don't experience this pork chop. Don't try and go with all of your friends, or your whole work team, or your whole extended extended family. This isn't for huge groups, so just...don't. For the best experience keep it to 2-4. You'll have a much easier time navigating the crowd and finding a spot to seat all of you.Go on a weekday. It will always be pretty busy, but if you go on a monday or wednesday you're way more likely to get seated at the bar or communal table faster and way less likely to run into the Marina crowd that inevitably gets flushed onto Divis every other weekend to try something "new".So many amazing evenings, afternoons, and brunches spent here! Top recommendation for anyone living in or visiting SF.
NOPA has been on my list of places to try since I moved to San Francisco years ago.... everyone raves about it. I am so sad to say that it was only OK. We ordered the squab at the waitresses request which was good. We also ordered the pasta which was completely sub par. It was way too salty and frankly too rich - lacking in complexity.The pot de creme was delicious for dessert but, who messes up a pot de creme?Anyway, I think there are FAR better restaurants in the city at this price point.
The thought of pork chop makes me chuckle when it's translated into Chinese. I still don't know where people come up with this stuff.Pork chop  (ju pa): a slang in Chinese that refers to someone ugly.You are a pork chop is the same as you are ugly.This post is about their pork chop while most every dish at Nopa is well crafted with meticulous care.Although I can't help myself but to associate pork chop with ugly there is definitely nothing ugly about the Pork Chop at Nopa. They clearly mastered the art of grilling that other white meat. Usually grilled to med or medium rare juicy n tender paired with a sweet n savory sauce with fruits in season while accompanied by daily fresh local veggies. So beautifully prepped I can't help but to treat it like a piece of art. I don't know if I should eat it or just look at it and take an obscene amount of snapshots at every possible angle for the memories because tomorrow it'll be the same amazing pork chop but a different look different sauce n different veggies just like that same piece of canvas but a different painting with different colors portraying a different thought a different emotion on a different day. Yes... their pork chop is a piece of art as visually as it is colorful on the palate... so incredibly savory and bright fresh flavors every time. This is one  (ju pa) I will never turn down.It's bucket list worthy.Nopa gets 5 stars from me because I've been there plenty and they consistently push out beautiful flavors without fail complemented with stellar service at fair prices in one of the most vibrant settings in SF. If you don't like something let them know how you want it and they will gladly change it for you. Nopa is a masterpiece of a venue in itself and they keep me coming back for more. A word of advice to avoid a crazy long wait. Go check in at 515pm without reservations before they open for dinner at 530pm and have a drink at the bar or go after 1030pm for a late dinner on the weekdays. Never fails. They open till 1am.Like I always tell my friends when they are not sure where to go for dinner... "When in doubt... Nopa."
Had an incredible birthday dinner here with my boyfriend. Love the atmosphere. Try to score a table upstairs, overlooking the whole restaurant. Must-haves include the warm goat cheese with persimmon jam appetizer, squid ink pasta, and, above all else, the country pork chop. The pork chop will change your life. And don't skip dessert. We had the dark chocolate tartlet with spruce ice cream. Menu changes regularly, so I look forward to going back again. This is a hot spot, so make reservations well in advance. This is probably the best meal I've had since moving to San Francisco. I really want to try the legendary brunch sometime soon.
Had a lovely time here! Started with the King Salmon Tartare at the bar before seating began, then tried the Avocado toast and the Grilled Broccoli, both of which were excellent. For the mains, we had the rotisserie chicken and the burger. Finished off with dessert and several negronis. Will absolutely be returning, the food was excellent and the service was attentive. We sat at a private table, but the communal area looked to be fun as well.
Who doesn't love Nopa? The only issue is that they are packed every night and its really difficult to get a drink sometimes. Love the fried little fish and the pork chop is delicious. Burger is 4th best in the city.
Best French Toast ever!!! Came here for brunch on a Sunday and waited around 30 minutes to be seated at the community table (We got here around 10:45am). Brunch starts at 11am so I would recommend getting here before 10:30am if you don't have reservations.Custard French Toast ($7 half order/$14 full order): Seriously the best french toast ever. I loved the custard which made it super fluffy and the seasonal fruit and honey lemon butter that comes on top were both really good. The half order is $7 (one piece) but it was much thicker than a normal piece of French toast. If there's one thing on the brunch menu you should get, it is definitely this one!We also ordered an oven baked egg dish ($11) and a braised pork shoulder dish ($15). Both were good but I probably would want to try something new next time. Only downside was that service was extremely slow. We waited at least 30 minutes after we ordered before our first dish came. At least the food made up for it!I like how you're able to make reservations for brunch especially since it's rare for brunch places to take reservations in the city. You are able to reserve up to 30 days in advance so I would recommend it so you don't have to wait! (Note: Brunch is only served on weekends). I would definitely recommend this place for brunch and I can't wait to try it again for dinner!
I have been here about 4 times, and sometimes i prefer sitting on the balcony level for some reasonMy first time was during a mini-shake quake experience with a party of 5, and that was certainly memorable. Never will forget those ceiling lamps moving back and forth.Sometimes I get annoyed by the uber-hipster waitstaff vibe, but I appreciate their attention to detail, great quality service, and style.You can't go wrong with the food at all! It's been awhile, and I have tried about 4 different entrees. Whatever you are in the mood for, I don't think you can go wrong.I am more of a seafood and steak gal, and I have had several of their veggie dishes.
It's really hard to eat here due to the enormous popularity. Only been for brunch, but it was one of the better brunches we've had. Enormous biscuits with bacon, enormous french toast, delicious baked eggs. Some of the best french fries around - perfectly crisp. Seems to really embody the california cuisine ethos.
Very very upset. Me and my wife were excited and in SF for our 20th anniversary. After attending a local concert we decided to go to nopa's as it was close to the venue because of the good reviews. We love eating at good wine and food places. After being seated in this charming little place full of electricity we decided that dinner would be too filling and went with the more exciting food and wine pairings. We decided to have , Warm Marinated Olives, Grilled Asparagus, Fried Duck Egg, Chermoula and Crispy Leeks, Smoked Trout, Quinoa, Maitake Mushrooms, Beets, Almonds and Kumquats- and a Syrah Red blend wine. ( yes I know so much for pairing). I will say this. The waitress we had was wonderful.  Unfortunately during our dining experience we found either a caterpillar or a maggot in our food. My wife insists it was a slug I dunno but as I was eating I noticed a " foreign entity" eating on one of the leaks I was about to put into my mouth!! Unbelievable.  It really was a shame something so disgusting had to happen. We quickly told the waiting staff. Who replied " sorry" and at least "we knew it was fresh ". Umm yes we live in a farm to fork town and eat organic constantly we know what fresh is ....... It's just well .....we believe in washing our vegetables and not serving insects. The manager " Caitlyn " came over and said sorry. But it happens time to time in the restaurant. Cool but can you warn us on the menu then. I didn't say that of course. But I did notice Caitlyn became very rude to us and almost made it seem like it was our fault for not being happy a little maggot infestation in food is ok! Thanks for ruining our 20th anniversary! I'm sure that will come around again.  Don't eat here unless you want some extra surprise protein!
This place had some quality cuts of meat with cool presentation. We were disappointed when we found out they don't serve their pork chops on Tuesday...especially since they were the only reason we made reservations three months in advance. They should really indicate that somewhere...like their website. We had the fried smelt, head cheese, pork mousse, flatbread, porchetta, burger, and grilled octopus. The pork mousse was my favorite. The food took over an hour and a half to get to our table-so a little too long in my book...overall, the food was good but the experience was not the greatest.
The dinner menu options are ok. We've been trying out lots of restaurants in SF lately. Got sick of duck, pork, cod, salmon. We had a hard time to find something that spiked our interest that night. I decided to go with Moroccan Vegetable Tagine which was good as a vegetarian dish, pretty hardy. We were very turned off by the noise level. I do have a brunch reservation in 2 weeks. I hope it'll be a better experience.
This place was awesome. We got a fluke reservation for a Thursday night and it's one of our favorite restaurants in the city now. It was a minor annoyance that we had to cram into the bar area because we came 10 mins early so we weren't seated right away but otherwise no complaints. The cocktails were good, all the food we had was awesome, good wine and really good service! I love that they get their servers to try their food before service starts. We got a table on the top floor overlooking the kitchen and it was cool to see them prep. Can't say enough good things about this place, but the most important part is the food. They care about the food and it shows!
First of all, I thought this place was kind of hard to find. I walked right past it because there's not much of a sign that indicates that it's Nopa. Anyway, we were seated in the loft area. Atmosphere was pretty upscale and classy. They had a big open kitchen down below. I got a crispy fried striped bass on a bed of mustard greens and snap peas in a creamy sauce. It was delicious overall, but not worth the hype, in my opinion.
NOPA is not all that it is made up to be. I've been there on several occasions now for dinner & brunch and have been less than impressed with the food. I want to like it! I want to believe in this place! But time and time again I experience a mediocre meal. On my last meal there, I asked the bartender (red headed younger guy) what his favorite thing on the menu was, and he said he could sit there and tell me his favorite things or I could just decide on my own (ok so, you don't want to tell me, rude). He also proceeded to say that since I didn't like the bacon (which was flavorless, gray and chewy) I probably wouldn't be able to find anything I liked on the menu. Yikes! It was really hard for me to enjoy my experience after that very rude comment.. I noticed him being extra nice to people around me after that incident so he probably felt like he needed to up his game after making me feel so unwelcome. I finished my meal silently and left. Not even worth getting into it with this guy. I just wonder why he had to be such an asshole about it? Lighten up buddy, it's the service industry!
Yes, this is another review commending nopa for how absolutely DELICIOUS it is. Nopa combines flavors and ingredients that you would never think go together, but they somehow manage to make everything taste wonderful. Recommendations:Oven baked farm egg - This was rich, extremely flavorful, yet light at the same time. The mezzo secco sauce is soo good, it's slightly like marinara sauce, but lighter and sweeter and balances out the egg perfectly. I thought the egg yolk would be quite heavy but it went so well with the sauce that it was not overpowering at all. The bread is toasted just right, buttered, and is the perfect supplement to the sauce. Grass fed burger - yes, the reviews raving about this dish are correct. It was probably one of the best burgers I've ever had. The bun is slightly sweet, toasted just right, and compliments the meat so well. The meat itself is RARE, which is exactly how I like my burger meat. It was juicy and dripping with every bite, and I only trust places like Nopa to cook my burger meat so rare because it's grass fed and top quality. However, the fries were not so good. They were a tad shriveled and soggy. Custard french toast - you can't go for brunch and not get this. Yes, it is rich and heavy, but its like no French toast I've ate before. The custard is cooked in, so it's not creamy, it just makes the bread extremely fluffy and sweet. The butter balances it out perfectly. I would skip:Braised pork shoulder - unfortunately this was super dry and did not have any fat to balance it out. The sauce was pretty bland as well.smoked trout - thought it would be more like lox but I was wrong. The trout was half way cooked, chilled, and tasted slightly like it was from the freezer. The salad that accompanied the dish was pretty tasty, however it would not be enough for me to order this dish again. All in all, Nopa is the perfect place for brunch when you don't want your typical American food. It has a unique twist on all its dishes and I'm definitely coming back to try all of them. Service is pretty great as well, you can tell the servers really care about their customers and they always try to put you first.
NopaThis place is of course notorious for having to book ahead at least a month however being open until 2am most nights, late walk ins will definitely get tables. Even on a Monday night when we went, it was packed but getting in at 11:15pm seemed like the perfect time for second seating diners to have left but just enough before the late late night crowd got in. We got a table for 5 easily. Food is fabulous. We had already had dinner so snacks and drinks were our priority. The summit cocktail is fabulous if you like gin. Highly recommend the goat cheese platter as well as the trio of ice cream/sorbet. The flavors change on a daily basis however if they have the lavender as well as the blackberry mint sorbet, get them! Amazing explosion in your mouth :) Service is fine, nothing to rave about but nothing to be negative about either. The staff were helpful with choosing drinks. Definitely booking to come for dinner.
Dear NOPA,Your burger, perfectly cooked medium, with all the juice oozing down the side of my face, plus the perfectly cooked fries with harissa aioli never failes to get me weak in the knees. I was reminded of this on Saturday morning. I know pork chop doesn't necessarily scream brunch, but maybe you'd consider adding that to the menu? It is after all easier to get a rezzie for brunch than dinner. Can't wait to come back to you as always. Bf & I always are dreaming of your meaty dishes...okay maybe only the burger and pork chop because those are the only two meat dishes we've had and loved. Your flatbread is really good and the french toast I can do without..but we won't hold that against how much we love you. You make the horrible parking situation worth it. See you soon dearest!xoxo,Cat C.
---------BRUNCH REVIEW ONLY-----Food:+ Goat Cheese Bread Pudding- cheesy, carby, warm and tasty with a side of citrusy salad with grapes; loved it but it should be shared+ Custard French Toast- ordered the half order (1 piece of toast) and we couldn't finish it b/w the 2 of us. its very rich, with maple butter glazed all over it. more like a dessert+ Date & Cheese Scone- apparently there were dates in here but i didn't get one. again very rich, buttery+ Cream Biscuit- PASS; nothing exciting hereService:Promptly seated with an opentable reservation on a Sunday morning. Our waitress was pretty attentive and moved fast (appreciated).Ambience:Large open restaurant with an upstairs. It was crowded but there were 5 or 6 empty tables next to us downstairs.I'd come back to try their dinner!-Hungry Hungry Pongy
Got here at an poo it 12:30 and they close at 1. Upon being seated, we were told the kitchen would be closing soon and they also didn't have the grilled calamari. We instead had braised rabbit legs and the pork sugo. Both were great, the polenta was pretty amazing with the braised rabbit. And their pasta on the pork sugo was of course housemade. Honestly for such a late night meal, everything was better than we had expected.
From the knowledgeable charm of Tristan to the delicious appetizer, to the unbelievable pork chop (I cannot describe how succulent and delicious it is) the hamburger that I promise you to be the best you had to the dessert of panacote how can I describe one of the best meals I've had in a long time? San Francisco did it again with this winner of a restaurant
We started out with the Warm Goat Cheese Crostini with strawberries & blueberries & it was melt in your mouth delicious. Enjoyed the homemade pappardelle with bolognese sauce as well. Our server John gave us excellent service being very attentive by keeping our wine & water glasses filled. Great place to eat.
My most favorite go-to restaurant! Every time I go here everything is amazing. I love that they serve late night and the counter at the kitchen. Either come early, make a reservation way ahead of time, or try to snag a spot at the bar because Nopa is ALWAYS busy.
Update: Dinner review.Came with a group of 7 and ordered everything family style. Everything was absolutely delicious - I would strongly recommend Nopa for dinner over brunch.We got:- smoked trout with toasted quinoa - so tasty we had to order a second - flatbread with bacon and arugula? - not sure if the greens on top were arugula but they had a slight peppery taste. Probably my least favorite dish we got, but still decent.- cucumber salad with pickled beets - fresh and flavorful - pappardelle - I'm a sucker for wide noodles, so I loved this dish.- country pork chop - by far the best item we ordered. Pork chop was juicy, flavorful, perfectly cooked - totally 100% recommend.- hamburger (x2) - lived up to the hype - this is a damn good burger. we also got a couple of desserts which were tasty but not super memorable.Overall, the entire evening was very enjoyable. Our waitress kept our wine glasses full and everything was tasty. Would recommend for any dinner where you want to treat yourself and impress someone.
Nopa is a nice place for dinner. The atmosphere is somewhat romantic even though the place is quite loud. Their food is consistently good but I am not crazy about their hamburger.Their desserts are awesome. Cookie in a skillet was fantastic!If you go for brunch, their French toast is really good! But every egg dish is also good.You can make reservations.
This was probably the best meal we had in San Fran during our Vacation. The place was packed at 11:00pm on a Saturday night which tells you something. People don't flock to places and stand in lines and wait for bad food!We started off with the Roasted Brussel Sprouts. It was great. Next we had the Little Fish. It was deep fried nicely and the fish was so fresh. The star of the evening may have been the grilled bread with avocado, capers, pickled jalapeos, and feta. It just worked. The pork chop was a little dry and bland. The Bucatini with Fennel Sausage and Ricotta was very nice. We had the grilled broccoli with anchovy and bread crumbs and that is probably the most taste you can give broccoli. Finally, we had the Coffee Pot de Crme - Earl Grey Crme Anglaise and Butter Toffee Shortbread. This was an outstanding dessert and was a nice finish to our evening. We will definitely come back here the next time we come to SF!
Simple, clean burgers that are well-known and exquisite. Paired with superb fries, you might as well try it out at least once. If you like it, there's a possibility that you'll return for the rest of the menu items. I don't dare - I don't care, to try for something different. If I had in the past, I can't recall if it was good or not. Fine, fine, you can't go wrong with pork belly. That was pretty good too. Time-wise, later in the evenings seem to have vacancies, and as usual, Sunday brunches are great for friendly chit-chat and Brookyln-style day-drinking. Nopa: modern, cute, hip, and I've heard they even have their own honeybee colony on their rooftop deck. Word of advice, don't get stung on the deck.
I've been hearing stories about their legendary burger, and I had to find out for myself whether it lives up to all the hype.It doesn't. While waiting for my meal, I was given a slice of what really is a mandarin orange, but it had some fancy name instead. It was accompanied by a bowl of salt with a fancy name. I was told to sprinkle some salt on the orange (or whatever he called it), and it tastes wonderful. Sorry, but I wanted to laugh at him. Who the hell serves a tiny slice of a mandarin orange and expects somebody to be impressed? Silly hipsters...About the burger, the reason I came... It's not a very big burger. In fact, it's dwarfed by the bread. It only comes with lettuce, pickled onions, and a special aioli (which I turned down - I hate mayo, no matter what you call it). The fries tasted like they'd previously been frozen. I decided not to eat them.The service was good, though a bit snobby. Once I turned down the offer of alcohol with my meal, I wasn't offered anything else. I sure would have loved some juice or a soda. My server also seemed disappointed that all I wanted was a burger, and she couldn't even sell me some cheese. Maybe I got written off as undesirable...Now that I've eaten one of these so-called "legendary" burgers, I'm trying to figure out why it appeals to everyone. Of all the burgers I've eaten at higher-end places, this was definitely the least impressive. I wouldn't go back for another.As I sat at the chef's counter and watched beautifully prepared, more expensive meals go out, I concluded the reason people get the burger is they want to experience the prestige of being able to say they ate at this ultra-hipster establishment, but they don't want to spend money to get the good stuff. Then again, when the "good stuff" is a $29 plate of pork chops or $23 for some chicken, I can think of plenty of other places I'd rather go and pay a fraction of the price...No thanks.
NOPA - I wanted to love you like a fat kid loves cake. I really tried. But as in any relationship, you just cannot force feelings. I'm sorry to have to go against the grain. I'm just not that into you, NOPA. I first saw NOPA featured on Check Please Bay Area back in 2008. Coupled with all the high praises on yelp, I've had NOPA on my radar for quite some time. Exactly a month in advance, I made a reservation via OpenTable. When the day finally came, my highly anticipated dining experience at NOPA turned out to be a huge letdown.    The other half and I arrived for a post symphony meal on Saturday night. I'm so glad that we had a reservation because it was packed to the max at 10pm, which I believe is the norm. We were seated immediately on the first floor where the energy was buzzing, especially over by the bar. Server A was very friendly and took our orders. Within 10 minutes, an amuse bouche was served together with our appetizer. (I will get to the food details below.) Other half and I finish the appetizer. Another 20 minutes go by and we're wondering where our entrees are. We look around and all the other tables around us are also waiting for their food. As more time passes, we notice that all the servers are huddled around the kitchen, but no food is coming out. We started speculating if something has gone awry like on Gordon Ramsay's reality show Hell's Kitchen. After a total of 40 minutes, our entrees finally come out and it's well past 11pm. Other half asks Server B what happened and he looks perplexed as if he doesn't understand. After having having to blatantly ask why it took 40 minutes to get our dinner, Server B was unapologetic. He had a "this is how it is a NOPA; take it or leave it" attitude. At that point, other half and I were so hungry that we just wanted him to leave us alone so that we could eat. We finish our dishes and Server A comes back to check on us. We also ask him about the long wait. Server A was much more courteous and was sympathetic. However, when he explained that the kitchen cooks the food in waves, I had to raise an eyebrow. Server A basically said that the food is mass produced in batches every 35-40 minutes. I have never heard of any restaurant doing this. If I go out to a sit down dinner, I want my food cooked to order. I'm sorry if I'm coming off as an impatient person, but just imagine if this was a pre-symphony dinner or if we had somewhere else to be. I suppose they can do whatever they want at NOPA since their business is always booming. However, I'm going to go out on a limb and say that the dishes we had were not worth the time waiting. Because of that, I also decided not to order dessert bc I wasn't going to stick around another 40 minutes. It was approaching midnight and this grannie had to go home to sleep! As promised, my review of our eats:- Amuse bouche: IMHO a pathetic attempt - half of a strawberry with a touch of yogurt and course sea salt for dipping. It was definitely underwhelming. - Olive Oil Poached Albacore: By far the best dish of the evening. Kudos to the appetizer chef! This was a stunning version of a deconstructed nicoise salad. The albacore was poached perfectly, rare on the inside. The attention to detail was all there with the chilled, peeled cherry tomatoes with basil. The duck egg, however wasn't peeled all the way and I got a little crunch of the shell in my bite. - Braised Duck Confit: The duck meat was fall off the bone tender with a nice, crispy skin. It came on a bed of white beans that were tasty but the sauce was overpowered by salt. The roasted red pepper was great as the cherry tomatoes. - King Salmon: Salmon portion was a bit on the small side. Although cooked perfectly, very salty. Salmon was accompanied with frisee, potatoes and green beans....very similar to the albacore appetizer. Overall, the food was better than average and presentation gots bonus points, but entrees were definitely too salty. Even if the dishes were not over-salted, nothing was mind-blowing status. I get the draw of NOPA and why people like to go there for a late night hangout. It's a great place to socialize and stay out with friends. In that case, they probably don't notice the 40 minute wait in between courses. Maybe we went on an off night and the chef spilled the salt. However, I don't think I'd go out of my way to go eat there again bc I feel like it's not worth the hassle or time. NOPA - I'm over you.
This place is great! I've tried something new each time I have come, and it has all been delicious. It is very busy... Even on the weekdays. It seems to be less of a wait later in the night which works well for me since I work nights. And they're open until 1am. They have steak on Tuesdays, and it's soooo good!! However, on Tuesdays, I don't think they have the pork chop(since the steak replaces it on the menu). Just FYI :) Had the chicken last night and it was just as delicious as the steak and pork chop. The wait staff are all very good. The bartenders are as well. Not a single complaint about NOPA. One of my favorites!
Went here for dinner about a month ago and had, shall we say, an interesting experience. There were some issues with ordering our meals and then ultimately, there was a major issue with what we ordered - an issue so big that it would probably prompt a poor review. However, the staff was SO nice and over-apologetic and were so concerned about our happiness - it was clear that they care very much about their patrons' experience. Based on the manager's insistence on trying to make things correct for us, we would definitely try Nopa again and we highly doubt the same mistake would be made twice.
Had dinner by myself on a Tuesday night, sitting at the "community table". It was crowded! Food and service were very good. I guess the point of the community table is to connect with the people sitting next to you, but they were all couples.
A business associate and I were able to walk into the bar for a few drinks and appetizers, and to our surprise were given a table for dinner. The appetizers were fantastic, had the wings and duck fingers.For dinner we ordered a couple more appetizers and then the steak for main course. The steak was cooked perfectly, however my steak was a poor cut and had far too much gristle and fat. Being someone who comes from a line of butchers, I knew I just happened to get a unlucky cut. The wait staff and the manager were quick to offer a new steak but I was already full from their tasty appetizers and great wine.They did not charge me for the steak and were extremely professional in their handling of the situation. My associate enjoyed his steak and was extremely satisfied.I would return without question.
Note: Review is for appetizers and drinks at the bar (although I will totally be coming back to eat more... when the wait isn't a bazillion hours long).Amazing! I've heard great things about this place but it still held up to the hype. The awesome bartender helped us snag seats at the bar after 10 or so minutes, which definitely made it a better experience. We tried the Strawberry Cava, an Old Fashioned, the Summer Cocktail thingy, and another drink. The Summer cocktail had gin in it but I'd still definitely suggest it, it was the perfect mix of sweet and sour. The Strawberry cava was mostly just champagne so I'd skip it unless you're feeling the basics.AVOCADO TOAST THINGY. GET IT. It was so super delicious that I secretly wanted to order another one but felt like a turd ordering 2 of the same thing. However, absolutely make sure to get it if you go.5 stars: service, atmosphere, apps4 stars: drinks2 stars: the wait! are you kidding? we went on a monday and it was a 1.5 hour wait (LOL)I'd still give it 5 stars because even though I was lugging around my luggage from my flight from LA, I still felt pretty fancy and pampered.
yeah this place is pretty much a hit and consistently great. The vibe can be very loud but its a very communa, popular and lively local restaurant.. I can't say enough about their food so I won't, everything is good, everything. Make reservations or be ready to wait and hang around divis.
This restaurant has ENERGY! So nice to come for a reservation and see the whole place crowded with people eating, waiting at the bar and just chatting. Heads up: you must make a reservation 1-month in advanced unless you get lucky if someone cancels. My bf just makes reservations whenever, and if we feel like going, we go! Haha!Try to get upstairs seating. If you're seated on the ledge, you can people watch below and see all the energy, and also a top view of the kitchen. It's a ton of fun! And also pretty intimate since not many are dining upstairs. My bf and I also had the chance to sit next to a table of 6 that brought 7 bottles of wine and shared with us. Will never forget that!The menu changes very frequently, according to season. I tend to always order the fish, whatever it may be. Even though it's always a fish, the type of fish changes. The sides included with the fish also change, so it's always something new but also consistent. I can't really recommend any other dishes since everything changes so often.Even though many things change on the menu, the burger always stays put. Some argue that this is the best burger in SF, but I would have to disagree. Their burger is a little too soggy for me. Also the fries aren't that outstanding. I would have to say the rest of their menu is more impressive than their burger, ironic huh? What makes this restaurant unique is that:1) It's very Californian Cuisine. The restaurant cooks to what is available, in season, or fresh.2) Innovative menu that constantly changes3) Buzzing energy that doesn't happen often4) Spot for locals.This place always has us coming back for more. Can't get enough of Nopa...
Love love love Nopa!! We discovered it last year on a trip to San Francisco and returned several times for dinner during our short stay. Just returned from another trip to the Bay area, and literally ate there EVERY NIGHT of our stay! The food is incredible, especially The Pork Chop and accompanying veggies. The wine is superb and the chocolate cake and milk ice cream are to die for. Staff are friendly and helpful, and they even remembered us from one year to the next!
Farm to table magic! The service at the bar and table were stellar. Great food. The total experience was pretty amazing.
Best custard French toast evah! Ordered only a half order at first, and after one bite, we knew we're going to order another one, and we did. We chowed down the bad boy in no time! The Tasso ham and braised pork shoulder were so so. Not bad but doesn't hit the spot. Oh and hubby had a spot with a good kitchen view on the 2nd floor and he amused himself with watching the lady downstairs filet an entire fish.
Farm to table restaurant with a hipster vibe. Won't disappoint. Reservation necessary. The avocado toast was nice to see on the menu but ask for a wedge of lemon on the side! Let me know if you try the burger.. It looked outstanding.
The food here is pretty good and they always change the menu.My boyfriend made a reservation about a month prior after hearing that it was difficult to get rezzies here. We ordered the goat cheese..pudding? and it was delicious but we could only bare a bite each cause it was so thick and rich. You must get the toast! It's like eating a cake. The burger was okay, nothing too out of the ordinary.My favorite is the baked egg which was drenched in salsa. Love Salsa!Cute place for a date.
I spent my entire summer trying to get into Nopa, widely touted as SF's best restaurant and a topper on my running "To Eat" list. While the food was pretty delicious, I did think it felt somewhat short of expectations...probably not the best food I ate in the city.Definitely Eat (if it's offered that day, they've got a rotating menu):- squid on pan con tomate (!!!!!)- homemade almond milk + ice cream sandwich (!!!!!!)Definitely Skip:- flatbread (so, so bland)Also, while the avocado bread is delicious, it's also nothing that you couldn't make yourself at home, so give it a miss! The strategy here should be to pick the most unusual sounding dishes on the menu, dishes you could never make yourself, because those will be the ones that wow you.Also, I just cannot stand the wait here. Part of it is that I'm new to SF, but honestly, why do I have to wait so freaking long to pay an establishment in exchange for food?! Do not come without a reservation unless you have no life and are okay waiting around forever. If you arrive at 5:00pm with maybe one other person and put your name down there's a chance you might be seated around 7pm (but no guarantees).
Wow...what a meal. I took a co-worker here as a celebratory meal; $240 for two people, including tip and it was worth every penny. We could not get reservations, so we sat at the communal bar table...got there early enough to get the best spot at that table...and went through snacks, appetizers entrees and dessert.We got the Short Ribs and the Pork Chop, which were both phenomenal. Extremely tender and flavorful. We shared both, and I can't tell you which one I liked more. Both were "like buttah".A few tips:1.) Get rezzies early. We started attempting through Yelp/Open Table at about noon for that evening, and there was nothing. NOTHING.2.) If you are cool with the bar, it's a friendly place. Same food, and the whole vibe just WORKS. The communal bar table was great, although I would recommend getting there early, because the best spot at the bar is one of the ends, so you and your companion can sit semi-facing one another rather than directly next to each other or across the table. Either way would hamper communication and/or cramp things a bit.3.) Parking? Ummm, yeah...good luck. This is San Fran. Deal.4.) The male server with the beard, in communal bar table area...DING, DING, DING...this guy's a WINNER. Awesome at his job. Big tip for hipster server beard guy. Keep up the good work, hipster server beard guy.5.) They were a bit stingy with the wine. $15 glass of wine and it seemed like maybe half a glass that I would get at another restaurant. My companion had three glasses and I had two, but neither of us felt we had had more than one glass. Yup...that was $75 worth of wine for what seemed like two glasses total. Did I care? NO. I was in the zone, luvvin' life. Sorry...I was enjoying the meal so much, I completely flaked on the pics.Nopa gets a Yup-pa from ME.
Best late nite around, burger rare. Yes. More fries than you could shake a stick at. All front of the house staff were presentable and friendly (at 12:30am). Food runners politely took my empty cocktail and asked if I would like to order another. Small sections so you get proper service. Two thumbs up to Nopa!
NOPA is a classic spot, I've been here a few times. I would try to be seated downstairs. This place is always jammed, including the bar. You will have to make a reservation in advance, normally a couple weeks out minimally. They have a great selection of local food, including good seafood. The two dishes which are superb are the burger and the chicken. They normally cook meats in the wood oven, and they have a good taste to them. Flatbread is very good as well, along with the King Salmon.Service is normally very good, although the last time I was there the hostess was quite rude, hence the reason this is a 3 star versus 4 star.
I rarely ever give a one star review, but NOPA, you really disappointed me. Thus, I am giving you one star for it.I have always wanted to try NOPA for the longest time and the restaurant is always fully booked. Thus, we had made reservations one month in advance. When the actual reservation day came, I was really excited to try out their well known grilled pork chop. After all, that was the main reason why I wanted to try NOPA. We were seated upstairs immediately when we arrived, overlooking the whole restaurant. There is a communal table and bar area on the first floor with an open kitchen. Thus, sitting upstairs, you get to see the whole view. Food:Amuse Bouche - Apple slices with sea salt and hazelnut dip: Very interesting and light. Grilled Calamari - There were three pieces of calamari in this appetizer. The calamaris were big and well seasoned. It tasted pretty fresh.Grilled Pork Chop - The main reason why I am giving NOPA one star. When my grilled pork chop first came out, it looked amazingly delicious. However, I had spoke too soon. When I cut the first pieces of my pork chop, there was a lot of fat in it. As I cut more into it, the meat was basically undercooked. The meat was really pink/purple and it was really soft. I showed it to our waiter and he even agreed that it was too rare. The waiter took it back to the kitchen. I saw from upstairs that the chef threw it back into the oven to recook it again. A few minutes later, they served the same grilled pork chop again. I cut into my pork chop again and it was still undercooked. Looked exactly the same as before. It was still pink and a bit purple. See the second picture that I took of the inside of my pork chop. My waiter disappeared for the longest time and did not show up until it was time for the check. I had to ask the busboy for service instead. He even saw how undercooked my pork chop was. No thanks to NOPA, I decided to just take my undercooked pork chop home. When we received our check, we were still charged for the undercooked pork chop with no apologies from NOPA. I really expected more from NOPA since it's well known, but I was really wrong. I was really unsatisfied with my dining experience. I will not be coming back.
From the food, to the presentation, ambiance - everything- this place has it all!!! It's perfect in all ways and I look forward to each and every time I come here. Can't go wrong with anything on the menu. And make sure you save room for dessert; you will not regret it!!
nopa, got the name right......NOPE...NEVER again.  I came here about a month ago. So my review is a bit late, but finding a fly in my food was all I needed to say NOPA way I'm coming here ever again.
Food: 5/5Service: 4.5/5Wait: 4.5/5This place is pretty damn near perfect. Food was delicious, service was almost perfect. The half star is lost from our waiter being a tiny bit creepy. He kept sneaking up on us. At one point, my friend and I were googling something on their menu and he snuck up behind us and started explaining what it was. Hahah I mean ... thank you? ... but that was a bit creepy! :PWe were told that the wait is usually pretty bad for dinner but if we showed up by 5pm and waited by the bar, they should be able to seat us at 6pm when the main dining area opens. My friend got there right at 5pm (thanks! :) and we got the best seats in the house, right in front of the kitchen window! It was a treat to watch the chefs fuzz over all the food :]FOOD:1) Received a free appetizer instead of the usual bread/butter. It was some sort of crunchy cracker/bread with cream cheese of sorts.. (my memory for this is fuzzy). It was good but nothing spectacular.2) Smoked trout quinoa salad.This had us so confused, it looked like smoked salmon! We thought they used the wrong fish by mistake. Haha luckily our waiter was kind enough to explain to us that since it was smoked, it turns into this color (duh). This was very good. Light, refreshing and flavorful :)3) Pork chops w/ arugula, roasted potatoes and fig.This is what everyone raves about when they speak of NOPA. And i would say it lives up to its expectations, the meat was fall of the bone tender and slightly pink on the inside. I think I ate most of this. heh.4) Roasted chicken w/ veggies.This looked so good from our seats, they had a giant oven roasting all of the chickens and it not only smelt so good but it was amazing seeing all the fat dripping of the chickens. It makes me droll thinking about it. This was a very well constructed dish, flavorful, juicy and not too rich.DRINKS:We ordered drinks when we were waiting for our table. Lesson here is, everything is very manly and strong. Not for the faint of heart. I stared at the menu for a while and finally decided to ask the bartender for a recommendation. Right after i ordered, a man sitting at the bar next to us (who appeared to be a regular) said it was his favorite drink. I panicked a little when I heard that. It was unlikely that we would have similar tastes in drinks. Long and behold when i got that drink, it was strong and smelt and tasted like whiskey. Definitely not the impression I got from the description on the menu.Later on in the meal, I ordered The Summit and it was much better compared to the previous drink. Still pretty strong but tasty!Overall, this was a great experience and i would say lives up to its hype and rave reviews. I would definitely consider coming here again, maybe for brunch or drinks to see how the menu and ambiance differs.
The missing star is for the wait and the prices.As it often happens in SF, this place is hip now, so there is a literal price to pay.I do appreciate that they stay open till late (once we showed up at 10:30).The food is good, very good, a selection of appetizers, salads and burgers.The staff is nice and, despite the amount of people, they keep track of every table.If you do decide to go, get a reservation!
Came by for dinner the other night with my reservation from a few weeks prior. The check-in process w/ the hostess was friendly and quick. ...my previous visit w/o a reservation was quoted at 90 minutes for dessert only...eeek!Started off with the complimentary amuse bouche which consisted of some type of fruit topped w/ some yogurt and sea salt...an interesting start to the meal!Moved on to the soup that the waitress recommended and split for us. It was okay.The flat-bread was excellent with ultra-fresh and flavorful toppings. The flat-bread itself was crispy and tasty.The highlight of the meal was the pork chop. It was well marinated and perfectly cooked. The pork chop consistency had a hint of maple, making it seem like ham than a pork chop! The side of greens was also ultra fresh and tasty too!Service throughout the meal was perfect. Waitress was friendly and prompt. They even came by to refold my napkin when I stepped away for a few minutes!Reservations are accepted 30 days in advance.~$30/person after tax and tip.I'll have to try the parpadelle pasta, burger, and rotisserie chicken next time! :)
Got seated by their chefs counter, awesome to watch the masters work. Got the flatbread and it was incredible, great flavor with a little boy if spice.They have a large wine selection and only 2 beers, beer was okay. Staff is friendly and very attentive, everyone was smiling.On the pricy side, but worth it.
Dined at this trendy place with friends for dinner last night. Food took a loooooong time to come out, but they comped us a free plate of fries because of the wait and that was nice... The food was spot on and delicious, and the waitress and staff were very nice, so four stars over all. Huge portions, like huge. You are getting so much food. I'm still full the morning after and I couldn't even finish my meal! It definitely is worth the price considering how much you get. Good to make your reservation as far as possible in advanced if you want to go on a weekend though.
Finally got to try this place!!!! A good friend of mine knows somebody that works here and managed to get us reservations (normally you have to book weeks in advance and even then their time slots are a bit late). I found parking quickly in the street and we settled into our 6 pm reservations- goin up on a Tuesday!;). Got the little fish and pig trotter to start. Both were fresh and fantastic. Entrees we ordered the pork loin and legendary burger. The burger was cooked to perfection and pork loin was to die for. Portions were also a great size for the price. Overall, would love to return! With reservations:)
Make reservations--in advance. If not, come early for brunch--as in, before they open so you can get your name on the list (still will need to wait an hour or so) or grab a seat at the bar.Now let's talk about cocktails.....hand crafted, perfectly shaken, Artisan Cocktails. Now we're talking! We wiggled our way into Sunday Brunch the other weekend and snagged some seats at the bar. Perfect to watch the fab bartenders create our cocktails. Since we had a big night before, Spicy Bloody Marys were a must. And as a Bloody Mary aficionado, I can easily say that theirs is on point. Flavorful house tomato juice, great consistency and spice. I also had the Grapefruit Cocktail that had La Gitana Manzanilla, Maraschino, and freshly squeezed Grapefruit Juice. I loved it! Floral, fresh and hit the spot.That day we ordered good variety off the menu for brunch:-Goat Cheese Bread Pudding w/ Grapes and Arugula -Custard French Toast w/ Caramelized Apples and Maple Butter (we got the 1/2 order and it was plenty!)-Long Cooked Pork w/ Butternut Squash, Chanterelles, Tomato Confit and Skillet Bread. And per the recommendation of our server, we added an extra poached egg to it. -Wood Grilled Italian Sausage w/ Creamy Farro, Lacinato Kale and Poached Eggs The French Toast was perfect. Rich, decadent, crispy on the outside and creamy in the inside. The Pork was tender and I loved the deep flavor of the Chanterelles---and with ooey gooey egg yolk....divine! Adding the egg is a MUST! The Sausage had a great bite to it and was surprisingly quite lean. But my fav of the day, the Goat Cheese Bread Pudding. Blew my mind! The texture was perfect--crisp exterior and creamy interior. Savory and although decadent, the grapes and arugula add the brightness it needed. I could eat this every day.NOPA...one of the few places that is totally worth all of the hype.
After all the hype around Nopa I would say I was a bit underwhelmed. That being said it was still a pretty good meal with great ambiance and service. For our appetizers we did the little fish and big beans, both were good, but not necessarily anything to write home about. The main dishes were pretty great, the pasta was amazing, freshly made with a really tasty sauce, the pork chop was perfectly done.
I just had dinner here for Mother's Day and it was pretty decent. The ambiance of the restaurant was nice and cozy. It had a modern feel to it, which was comforting. Our table was above the kitchen, so it was nice to see how they operated and was not afraid of hiding anything. Now for the food! They had a nice menu, which would change daily. I found that to be really interesting. We ordered six appetizers and they were all delicious. The one that caught my tastebuds was the flat bread with mozzarella and smoked bacon, it was like a little pizza! Another one was the avocado bread, it was very refreshing. For the main course, I had the pappardelle, which was a nice portion and a nice flavor. But hands down winner was the pork chop! It was really moist and flavorful. To summarize! The place was modern and you can see the kitchen. The appetizers that are a must is the flat bread and the avocado bread. LASTLY, GET THE PORK CHOP
Finally made it to dinner at Nopa. We sat at the communal table with a few friends and a bunch of strangers. The two of us shared the roast chicken and the pork chop. The dark meat of the chicken was very good, but the white meat was slightly on the drier side. It was definitely very good , but probably not something I'd get again. The pork chop was excellent and lived up to the hype. Thick, super tender , and on the rarer side, it ate more like a fine steak than a standard pork chop. I will definitely be getting a pork chop all for myself next time.
It was about 10pm on a Thursday evening when I bit into the most succulent pork chop I have ever tasted in my entire life!My mouth came alive! My body, my mind came alive! I felt like I was on acid in that this pork chop was a transcendent and ecstatic experience that cannot truly be explained. It must be lived. Go! Now! Live! Order that pork chop I say!!(They're open so late, you really have no excuse not to go, so throw some decent looking pants on and get out into that world!)
Honestly, I don't see what the hype is about? Tried the famous tagine which wasn't seasoned or authentic. My husband had a burger which was ok. I wish we didn't wait an hour for a table and went somewhere else.
Ate dinner at Nopa with six family members and I have nothing but positives to report.I had the Summit cocktail, the pasta dish and the gateau basque- all lovely, as were the handful of appetizers we had. Everything was different than I expected but certainly tasty. Pairing lamb with squash is not something that would have occurred to me but it worked. As someone who had declared I was sick of lamb, I was very pleased with the lamb sugo.So, tasty food all around but our experience was improved by the entire service staff. Everyone we encountered was attentive without being excessive. Our server in particular won over several members of my family by giving his honest opinion of several dishes.
Great food, great service, not too pricey!!! We will be back.Server was helpful. First time in San Francisco. Lots of recommendations for wait staff.
This place has been on my list for quite some time, so after finding an appropriate excuse (my bf's birthday dinner) and snagging a reservation on a Tuesday night at 7PM, it was time to experience NOPA.We arrived exactly at 7PM and after checking in with the hostess, we were promptly seated upstairs in the back corner. I'm actually glad we were seated upstairs because it was quite noisy and crowded downstairs. The only thing that would have made it better would be to be seated by the railing so you can look down onto the rest of the diners and the kitchen. However, it was a trade off between that and having a table originally meant for four -- lots of table space for food and drinks! Here's the breakdown:Ambiance: I've only ever seen this place from the outside, so when I walked in, it was a bit brighter than I would have expected. However, about half way through our dinner, they turned down the lights a bit. In retrospect, it was perfect because at least then you could still see your dinner company and your food! It's classy, trendy, and romantic all rolled into one.Service: The hostess was professional, the waiter was attentive and friendly, and the busboy was on point. No complaints about the service at all. It was perfect.Drinks: They have an extensive wine-by-the-bottle list, a solid cocktail menu, and a decent wine-by-the-glass list. I ordered the terriorist, which was a light and refreshing gin cocktail. My bf ordered a nice pinot noir.Food: We ordered the flatbread as an app to share. It was delicious. The bread was baked to perfection and it was a flavorful combination on top. For entrees, I ordered the burger (of course). I ordered it medium rare and it came out medium rare and a large serving of perfectly cooked fries. I also got gruyere cheese and bacon on top of my burger. The burger was solid. It was moist without being too fatty. The juices oozed out and the bun was solid enough to capture them. I was maybe slightly disappointed just because of all the rave reviews. This was a bistro burger, so in comparison to my current favorite bistro burger from Marlowe, I think Marlowe wins out. However, this was a solid competitor and the fries seriously were cooked to perfection -- great crunchy outside, soft inside, and salted perfectly. My bf ordered the stead medium rare and it was also cooked to perfection. He was in love with the lemon butter that topped his steak. I tried a bite and it was a solid steak.Cost: This is definitely a special occasions kind of place, but worth it. The drinks, food, and service are all great and just add to the experience with your dinner company.Would I return? Possibly! If I had another excuse for a delicious meal, I would gladly return... Maybe next time for brunch?
Tuesday morning and I have no clue where to take out of towners for dinner. Called Nopa and got a recording to call after 2 pm for a reservation but I got no answer when I called back a second time. Called a third time after 2 pm and dialed a "1" to get to the reservationist. He was very hospitable and told me the bar opens at 5 pm, get there then, put my name on the wait list, have a drink and wait until about 6:15 pm and the chances of getting a table without reservations would be good.We arrived second in line before 5 pm and the rest of the evening was excellent. Ordered drinks and 3 appetizers (or nibbles) at the bar. Fish and chips appetizers should be called fish cubes and were passable. The chips were excellent while the vinegar is potent! Ham sandwich slider was very good but my friend got a huge dose of the spicy mustard and had a coughing fit. Duck tenders were ok but the subtle flavor of duck was erased from the frying I think.Bar tab was presented at 6 pm and came to $52 including tip for 3 drinks and 3 nibbles.Next time I will just order drinks and wait for dinner.The hostess came directly to our party at 6:20 pm and said our table was ready. The wait was very enjoyable with our conversation and all the people watching going on. The bar was three deep as 6 pm rolled around and people were jockeying for a seat in the bar area.We took our table. As we were looking over the 1 sheet menu, the waiter brought us cheese dipped toast fingers that we did not order and said this was to welcome us. That was a nice touch! And appreciated.There were 3 specials on a Tuesday night. Steak, porchetta and black cod. The steak was very big and my friend said it was very good. The porchetta was tough, tasteless and fatty. The black cod was prepared very nicely but was a small portion and the beans it comes with were extremely salty.The cabbage salad was forgettable. The avocado toast was excellent with bursts of olives. I would definitely order the avocado toast again.The chocolate pot de creme was a very nice portion that could have been easily shared by 2 people. The chocolate flavor is very mild and I prefer a stronger chocolate flavor.Overall the entire evening was excellent due to excellent company, excellent waiter, excellent bar waiter, the menu offerings, the extensive bar offerings and overall impression.Tip: Street parking on Divisadero above Baker was surprisingly easy to find before 5 pm.
Ah, NOPA, you've had a place in my heart ever since my father took me here many late nights when I was a kid. It's impressive at any age to sit at a second-floor table overlooking the kitchen, seeing each culinary masterpiece come out, perfectly plated.RESERVATIONS.Can be a total B to make. I would maybe try calling, as OpenTable fills up FAST. If you score an OpenTable reservation, it's most likely a month+ in advance. Just showing up on a Friday night can be ugly, as you're restricted to sitting at the bar, and people are like vultures trying to get a seat. Other times, the place can be so packed, there's barely room to move.BRUNCH.Alas, not my most beloved meal of the day here. Their menu is quite small, and service feels slower than a typical evening one would be.- SMOKED HOUSE BACON.Didn't blow me away, not bad, but not as magical as you'd hope it would be.+ CUSTARD FRENCH TOAST w/BLUEBERRIES AND LEMON BUTTER.For the love of God, only order one slice, each is extremely thick and filling, and I highly doubt you'll want to pour on the maple syrup. Still, light, creamy, and delicious.DINNER.NOPA shines here the most, and if I was motivated enough to wait or make reservations often, I would be here all the time.+ WARM GOAT CHEESE CROSTINI w/BLUEBERRIES AND STRAWBERRIES.I mean, how can you NOT order this? Everything pairs together perfectly, it's a great starter to share, and you can slather on as much gooey goat cheese as you want, without judgement. + COUNTRY PORK CHOP.The vegetables it comes with varies based on the season, but the pork chop itself is incredible. I didn't even think I liked pork chops until the boy insisted I try some here. Juicy, tender, and nothing like what I thought it would be. A must try!+ GRASS FED HAMBURGER.Ranking up there as one of the best burgers that I've had so far. We topped ours with Jarlsberg and bacon, which was the best idea, ever. The fries were cooked to perfection and came with a basil aioli (that was basically pesto). The burger was demolished, and we'll be back just for this!DRINKS.One note - they don't list which beers are sour ones and which aren't, so ask before ordering, if you have a severe dislike for sours.
I'd been wanting to go to Nopa for years and finally was on top of my game enough to call exactly 1 month in advance to get a reservation.The atmosphere at Nopa is great, I love the A-frame ceiling and the second floor - my boyfriend and I were seated towards the edge of the loft which was great for people watching. Maybe because of the rotisserie or maybe because we were up high it was quite warm. I love the warmth but my boyfriend was quite uncomfortably hot.I had an excellent beer to start - Modern Times Hoppy Tropical wheat. The multigrain lager was so-so.For our food, bf had the smoked trout and quinoa and the duck with lentils. He was a huuuge fan of both dishes. I had the broccoli and the salmon. Everything was cooked excellently but I wish the salmon dish had more besides just salmon and a few small peas and one or two mushrooms. Also, the menu did not mention it would be cooked in a heavy cream sauce which I would have liked to know in advance.Our waitress was excellent and very friendly. Bf would give it 5 stars but I'm the one writing the review.
BRUNCH!! Legit, I found a new brunch spot. My friends came earlier to make a reservation so we got brunch at a typical brunch time. About...11AM. One of our friends FORGOT that we were getting brunch, so we had a table for 5 for 4...and it could seat 6. We offered up that table for others, but I guess no tables for 2 came by. Food. In general. Was delicious. Our waiter (Daniel, we learned his name was based on the receipt) was pretty awesome. Came by enough so we weren't alone, but also not so intrusive that he should just pull up the empty chair and sit with us. He recommended...everything on the menu. And...he wasn't wrong.Brunch-wise, if anything has egg in it, get it. Their eggs were done SO well, and was SO delicious that I'm still in awe. Total awe. So good. They also had a yogurt thing with some grain substance (I just eat dude. You check the menu), that was a perfect starter. Fresh fruits. Yogurt. MmM. Their french toast. Also spot on. With the maple syrup on the side, you can decide for yourself how much sweet you want.I was a touch disappointed that the coffee wasn't unlimited...but...its ok, I suppose. For the normal person, one carafe of coffee is enough. For me...I'm pretty sure I finished one on my own. *twitch.
I've been here for brunch multiple times, and each time it's been great.First things first, always make a reservation if you want to get in for sure for brunch. You can walk in and try to get onto the communal table, but it's a tough ask.Each time I've gone for brunch I've tried different things, but my favorite things have always been the pork and French toast. Both are very rich in flavor, and easy to share with another person. Never had a complaint about any of the other brunch menu items.Service has always been good. I've sat upstairs, downstairs, and at the communal table. and it's been great in all spots.
Highly recommend. Loved everything about this place.Loved the food, loved the ambiance, loved the service. My favorite dishes were the Smoked Trout & Avocado Toast. I'm not usually a huge fan of Pork Chops, but actually really enjoyed the Pork Chops here. A little on the pricier side, but would HIGHLY recommend at least once- after which you will probably find an excuse to come back for more .... :)
One of the biggest bonuses of this place is how late their kitchen is open! Yes! Thank you! Excellent food, drinks and atmosphere open late. My food was great- I had a few veggie dishes. Unfortunately, the veggies were totally drowned in butter/oil/cream, etc. Seemed like I ordered fatty foods when I was trying to eat healthily! I was bummed. They were delicious but rich and became too overwhelming for me. Some vegan options would make this place even better.
Nopa was perfection. My husband and I wee in sf from NYC and it way lived up to the hype. The burger was juicy and perfect. Also loved the tomato salad
Hip fun place.
Definitely an underwhelming brunch especially given all the hype about how great it is. They only had 2 vegetarian egg dishes and neither were very good. The other options for veg were a little gem salad, potatoes, and the french toast (which was good), but I would have expected many more options from such a well known place.Their online menu is significantly pared down to what is available that month.
I have been to this restaurant thrice and have never been disappointed. Have tried the flatbread, fava beans, avocado toast, roasted vegetable tagine, hamburger .. all of them are delicious. Their blood orange cocktail is one of my favorites.I would highly recommend making a reservation, their wait times are usually quite long.
NOPA as you can see from my previous review was absolutely great for dinner, and I've been wanting to try brunch here for ages but when I did want to drop in without reservations the line was 2 hours at 11am on Saturday. Crazy!The days of waiting 30+ minutes for food are over. GASP. Foodie blasphemy? Nah, just a sign of old age. Besides, I've been to Mama's, Brenda's, and Dottie's, and I've done my time.I scored a reservation less than 5 days before for brunch for 4 via Opentable, and it was awesome that they seated us right on time despite how busy they were. Previous Yelpers have written at length about their disappointment in the brunch dishes, but especially for SF brunch standards (which leans more towards traditional diner fare and soul food rather than upscale or unique), I enjoyed my experience and think it's all about ordering the right dishes.* Soft Scrambled Eggs - 3.5 STARS ($13) - Fennel Sausage, Avocado Toast, Maitake Mushrooms and Parmesan. Alright, this was preeeetty tasty, but kinda painfully expensive given the portion size. I enjoyed it, but don't know if it was unique enough to pay for again. Reminded me of Rose's Cafe.* Grass Fed Hamburger - 5 STARS ($19) - After adding basic items like cheese and bacon, this burger went from $14 to about $19. Definitely a bit shocked when I saw the receipt, but hey go big or go home right? This was one of the best burgers I've ever had, super juicy and I love that it was huge so you could sink your teeth into it. No tiny baby patties here. Comes with a generous helping of fries (which I don't get why people rave about because I think they are way too salty and pretty standard).* Braised Pork Special - 2.5 STARS ($14 + 2?) - Pozole, Cilantro, Lime and Skillet Bread, add poached eggs. This sounded alot better than it tasted, because the pork was almost no where to be found, and bulked up with beans and crumbled corn bread which turned soggy and gross. NOPA is a great option for an elevated brunch, especially if you can make reservations! However given a choice between brunch and dinner, I would hands down recommend dinner.
The food is okay. Good but not great. I am not sure why all the fuss with this place especially in SF where there are tons of great restaurants.Service is great. Prices are as expected ($$$). We would not return unless we are in the area.
I sat at one of the lower dinner seats at the end of the bar and Justin, a bartender, was incredibly professional. My steak came medium well, rather than medium rare and he kindly turned it around quickly. The final meal was absolutely awesome, but the initial wait was long for the food and the wrong temperature was a disappointment.Kudos to Justin and his colleague Lauren who waited on me. They were both outstanding and proud of their work, and made me feel good about the overall experience. Since it is a restaurant 3 for not getting the meal right.
A friend and I came around 7:45pm on a Tuesday with no reservations. We were told it would be an hour-an hour 15 min wait, which we did over at thier bar. While we waited for a table, I had:DAWN COCKTAIL - $10Flor de Caa 18 yr, Apricot Liqueur, Amaro, LemonThere's really nothing so special about this drunk except that its both sweet and strong! It indeed put me in a good mood :)We waited an hour and was seated upstairs. That gave us a splendid view of the restaurant. While we waited at the bar we already know what to order:PIGGY PLATTER - $14Trotter Terrine, Smoked Tenderloin and Liver Mousse.Everything was good except the Smoked Tenderloin. Why? It was dry. I dont like my meat dry. But the liver mouse and terrine was yummy! Perfect to spread over the thin toast it came with! I had to ask for more, hehe. Grilled Bread, Nine Hour Bolognese, Arugula and Ricotta - $12This sounds quite fancy but when brought out, I actually thought: I can make this myself! Haha but I dont mean it in a bad way! I really enjoyed this dish! I want to make it now! I love the the Bolognese sauce and it was just the right amount! All the ingredients of this dish was well put together! The chewy bread, the meaty tasty sauce, the slight bitterness and freshness of arugula, and the creamy cheesy rich ricotta! YUM!Pappardelle, Spicy Fennel Sausage, Delicata Squash, Balsamic and Parmesan - $19I didn't care for this platter at all. The pasta was al dente style, and the whole dish tasted too doughy...feels like all I tasted was the pasta. I was also kind of full by the time this dish came out.PORK CHOPSo they serve this special pork chop only on Tuesdays and apparently its amazing. I thought it was ok. I had a bite and dint care much of it. Then again I was never a fan of pork chop...its usually too chewy for me. The portion was HUGe though! Could feed 2-3 people! But yeah...I"m a quality over quantity kind of gal? Oh yay just earned my snob badge! :PAlthough the host and server were exceptionally wonderful, the food took FOREVER to come out! I was getting quite frustrated! There are many great things about this restaurant I'm sure but I honestly dont care to come back. I dont think it was worth the money or wait. No regrets though, I'm glad I gave NOPA a try.
Definitely a hip got it going on restaurant, interesting wine and drink menu, delicious food, reservations a must get, park at the DMV and walk to
Bad Ass Croque Madame, spicy Ham, French Toast and Sausage plate was excellent.Also funny to see a chick propose to a guy and yelling we are getting married.
Totally underwhelmed by my meal here. It seems others loved the pork chop, and while mine looked amazing, it was just ok. Flatbread was really disappointing too, again it looked great, but the flavor - meh. Portions are large (pork chop is huge and I was served what appeared to at least a half head of broccoli), but I'd rather have a small bite of something I can savor. Waitstaff is wonderful, no complaints there, but I won't be going back.
Nopa has been on my brunch to-do list for the longest time, and Alamo Square is such a lovely neighborhood to spend a leisurely Sunday morning. I came here for brunch and we only waited 40 minutes for a table for 2 around 12PM, even though they quoted us for over an hour. They have a leave-your-number-and-come-back-when-we-text-you system, which makes for a stressfree wait. If you're looking at a 30+ min, check out The Perish Trust (hipster store) and The Mill (ultra hipster coffee and toast) down Divisadero. The interior of Nopa is cozy yet elegant, very similar to Foreign Cinema but a lot less presumptuous. We got a table on the second floor balcony - absolutely beautiful brunch ambiance. The menu is on a monthly rotation, so here were our picks for December 2014:- Braised Pork Shoulder ($17), with creamy polenta, roasted apples, chicories, brown butter: I'm not a big fan of polenta and thought it would come on the side, but the entire dish is basically built on a foundation of the stuff, so there was a lot of polenta happening. Despite this mistake, it was not too heavy and the apples were a good balance to the earthy flavors.- Custard French Toast ($8/1 slice, $16/2 slices), with caramelized apples & quince butter: Oh my god. When I sunk my teeth into this, I didn't think I could ever love another meal more than brunch. The bread is saturated with custard in the middle to the right degree of soggy-but-not-gooey. It was not too sweet and had a satisfying texture contrast between the crust and inside. I shared the half order with my friend, because the slices are quite thick.Service is very attentive, even though we sat upstairs. Nopa is probably not my favorite brunch place ever, but it does fill me with many warm feelings.
Unique, creative, and unpretentious. Really delicious food, good drinks, and a very casual, neighborhood vibe make Nopa one of San Francisco's best in my opinion. I opted for the lamb riblettes, sauted broccoli, and Black cod dishes. I always hear mixed reviews on the burger, so I wanted to have my own experience by ordering items that don't get as much notoriety. I was not disappointed. The lamb ribs were falling off the bone in a sweet/spicy Indian style curry sauce. Absolutely delicious. The broccoli was served in a lemon/anchovy sauce with a drizzle of olive oil-- griddled to crispy deliciousness. The black cod was served in a sweet tomato-ey sauce with sweet potatoes and broccoli in a clay pot that kept cooking the sauce. It kinda got crisp and made the flavor get better as the time passed. Super unique-- I loved it. Awesome cocktails served by friendly bartenders willing to make a suggestion, chat, and give you time to make a decision. You will need reservations to grab a table, but if you have three or less you can pretty easily grab bar stools within thirty minutes (and they serve the full menu at the bar). Can't wait to go back!
I rarely write reviews but this had to be one of the worst experiences.  Service was slow. The waitress did not check in with us to let us know there was a delay with service then she forgot our side dish. My first entree the duck was cold and very rare. Also the fat was not properly rendered making it extra chewy. I sent it back and replaced with the black cod. I think someone got happy with the flake salt and didn't realize that olives already make things salty.  Inedible. So I sent that back and was done. Decided to try dessert. The chocolate tort. This was good until I found a hair in it.  The manager saw my distress and gave us free dessert wine that literally tasted like cough syrup.  Left it on table. This place has gone way down hill and it is evident that the chefs that made this place well known were on vacation or have moved onto other things. Worst part is after this awful experience the bill was still over $100 (60 dollars was the wine) and they charged for dessert (with the hair)! Never go. Save your money for better restaurants.
Hmmm...I don't get the hype. We came on a Tuesday, so pork chops were not on the menu, but I ordered the next closest thing which was the porchetta. It was tough, bland, and none of the sides complimented the dish well. I couldn't even finish half of it. We also ordered the burger, which is supposedly one of the best burgers in San Francisco. It wasn't bad, but it also wasn't good. For $20, I'd rather have a burger from Father's Office in LA.
This is really great food--savory, sophisticated, surprising. The cocktails are also fantastic--innovative and delicious! I feel like I learn a few things about cocktails every time I come here.The downside is that the hype for this place is so heavy that you can hardly ever get in, and when you do, it's almost always so loud that it's difficult to hear. Nice ambiance on the couple times I've gotten there way early for happy hour, but the acoustics of the building make it so noisy when it fills up (as it always does), that I wouldn't recommend it if you were looking for conversation.
I had heard a lot of good things about this restaurant from friends in the city. In particular I was looking forward to sampling one of their famous meals made from locally sourced meat and produce. The service and ambiance and food were all as advertised, top-notch. And the bar selection was impressive (try the Negroni, delicious). My pork chop was also mouth watering. In spite of a bit of a delay to be seated, the experience at Nopa was definitely worth the wait. I'll be back.
Moroccan vegetable tangine, toasted almonds, and lemon yogurt are perfectly combined and created a delightful touch. The staff was very knowledgeable in all the important details. Great spot and perfect for relaxation. The King Collins was fully loaded with ice and I can't recognize anymore the taste of my drink.
I made reservations about a month ago for a nice dinner on a rainy Sunday evening. We arrived about 30 minutes early for our reservation but were seated early. The service started out okay, drinks were served and our appetizer of duck ravioli made it to us within the first 15 minutes, app was good but pricey for 6 pieces of small bite size pasta.... Went downhill after that, the food just isn't great. I had the seafood dish and my friend had the pappardelle pasta. The food took an hour to get to us, the sever apologized and brought some broccoli out to accompany the entrees. All three dishes were not worth the wait. Sorry but just disappointed in this place and won't be coming back.
Amazing place. Eclectic menu, good drinks, fair price for the quality. Only downside is the wait. Went for brunch and dinner but equally good but the pork chop at dinner was just phenomenal. The change the menu often so it keeps it always interesting. Good spot for dates or just dinner with friends. Friendly staff, well informed. The whole concept comes really well together.
I think the only thing good about this place is that it opens late and its food is meh not bad I guess.. Everyone raves about the pork chop, but I honestly find it rather pedestrian lol.... Nothing special. Wood tavern and Morimoto still have the best pork chop. But I guess this place is a good option for picky eaters with late night munchies.
This place is so bomb! Great atmosphere!!! The pasta is so good!!! And their burgers are to die for!!!! Great great place!!
I'll say this is my favorite restaurant in San Francisco. This place is in a hipster ass part of town but the space is huge. And there's an upstairs. This makes sense because this place is packed to the cottdamn brim. It don't matter if it's a Wednesday Night or a Thursday Night because we ate here two consecutive nights at 10:30 PM and it was just flooded with people. So you are a hipster restaurant, you are a hot restaurant (try getting a reso before 10:00 PM), you serve that farm to table, local ingredients, new American food, you dress like hipsters, you have people dressed like hipsters lining up against the wall waiting for a table-- WHY ARE YOU SO NICE? WHY ARE THE PRICES SO REASONABLE?It's like Stockholm syndrome or something, you expect them to be complete dicks but they turn out to be the coolest, friendliest, most accommodating restaurant in SF. And then the food is just the bomb. I've had the duck, the amazing roto chicken, the pork chop, probably all the appetizers... everything was so ridonk good but the stand out was the poached duck egg/mushroom/whatever appetizer that turned out to be like a salad. Show stealer. One thing that kinda bothered me was the couple next to me, they were straight up making out and probably a little bit more than that. And going HAM. I was going to interrupt them and cause a bit of a scene. We were at a table for four so my girlfriend and I sat on one side, our friend the opposite side. They were at a table for two so when the dude came to sit next to his girlfriend, he was practically sitting next to me. And the make out session began and went on for a good half hour. It was intense.So armed with those praises and the warnings of the possibility of being put next to a girl who can't handle her alcohol and a guy who still went halfies with her when the check came... go to NOPA and have a great time. But if you are going to devour your date's mouth, you should pay for her meal (just my opinion).
NOPA is one of my new favorite restaurants in San Francisco! I made a late dinner reservation on Open Table for my sister and I. We were late because we couldn't find parking and ended up parking in Alamo Square. When we arrived, they had already given up our table and told us to call them if we were late next time so they could hold our table. We found seating in the bar area pretty quickly so I would wait for someone in the bar area to leave if you don't have a reservation. We shared three appetizers and one entree: 5/5 Creamed Corn with Green Beans and Cherry Tomatoes - This was our favorite dish of the night! Best creamed corn I've ever had. 4/5 Fried Broccoli - This was a little too greasy but delicious! It had a texture similar to Fried Kale. 4/5 Crostini with pear and cheese - This was delicious as well! I loved the mixture of salty and sweet. 3/5 Paparadelle - This was our least favorite dish of the night. I was a little disappointed because I usually love paparadelle pastas. Our family friends recommend the Pork Chop so I'll definitely try that next time. The desserts looked amazing as well so I'll save some room for those next time as well.
Fucking amazing. But the burger. Okay. Let's talk about the burger. I didn't even want to order it, but 1/4 people I was with did. And holy god let me tell you how glad I am she did. Best burger I have ever had in my gd life.
Hands down, this is one of the *BEST* places for brunch in the Bay Area.Always super crowded...either make a reservation in advance or be prepared to wait.I highly recommend their baked goods and of course their stuffed french toast.Parking is always tough in this area, so give yourself more time to circle around.
Nopa had been on my want-to-eat-in-SF list for awhile! It was totally impromptu, which I guess is the way to do it. Well, that is, if the restaurant has a bar where they accept walk-ins AND it's early enough to get a seat at said bar. We went after a summer Giants game (as in, I was wearing a bright orange jersey) because I didn't want to leave the city yet. We hardly ever make it up here so I wanted to finally cross Nopa off my list. Thankfully, nobody made me feel under-dressed. We arrived even before they started serving dinner. Actually, we were the first people to sit at the bar! It was really fun watching the kitchen prep for dinner service, like a sneak peek.They were serving small bar snacks, but since I was still a little full from ballpark food, I stuck with a cocktail: fresh raspberry eau de vie cava. Unfortunately, since I was a little under the weather, I only had one drink. I did learn that the bartender could make me "the bee's knees" (one of my favorites right now) -- next time. The restaurant quickly filled up, as did the bar. People lined up to take our prime real estate. The service was lovely. The bartender was nice and our server, after learning that it was our first time here, spent extra time explaining things and making sure everything was OK. For dinner, we ordered the flatbread, the burger, and the porkchop. Nopa is known for their burger and porkchop. The burger was good, but the porkchop was flippin' amazing. Best porkchop I've ever had. This place just defined "San Francisco restaurant" to me: farm-to-table, strawberries with a honey yogurt and sea salt, hand-crafted cocktails, hip interior. I'm glad that my expectations were met!
I heard that weekend brunch was kinda a thing in San Francisco so I found myself at NOPA on a Saturday morning. It was pretty busy and we ended up waiting out front because we came a few minutes before our reservation. I really liked how the inside was set up. We sat on the second floor and you actually get an open view of the kitchen. So you get to see the cooks as they are working the grill and plating dishes. That was pretty unique.We ordered the custard french toast. There was spice in the batter I couldn't put my finger on but I enjoyed it, and the jam that came with it went along really well. We split a half order but I could have easily eaten a full. We also had the butter basted eggs. The serving size was small I thought. It came with roasted potatos that were done well, the egg was cooked perfectly, but I feel like I would try something different in the future. I also got a carafe of blue bottle coffee. It wasn't bitter and had a nuttyness that I enjoyed. Service was a bit slow, but our waiter was on top of everything.  He came and checked on us often assuring us that food was on it's way shortly. I'd recommend this place.
I was expecting a lot more from brunch here. Hell, this place has a four star average with over 3300 reviews! We had 1:30 reservations and we had to wait close to an hour before being seated. I tried their Bloody Mary at the bar and I highly recommend it. They also brought our party of 8 several waters while some of us were scattered outside. Once we were finally seated they brought us three free appetizers to try as an apology. All of them were were really tasty.The waitress recommended the burger to me so that's what I ordered. Everyone else ordered breakfast type items with eggs and such. It took almost another hour for our food to come out which seemed crazy to us considering they had to make a burger and some eggs dishes. However, everyone enjoyed their meal. My burger was just okay. The feta and roasted red pepper dip for the fries were pretty damn awesome though.The food and service here is definitely a solid 4 stars. However everything moves so slowly even with reservations, at least when we went. I'd recommend going early for brunch. Their dinner menu looked awesome, I definitely would have preferred to order from that if I could. I'd probably come back but only if I had an entire afternoon to kill.
Thank god for google when it came down to looking for a dinner place in the city that carried some pretty high health standards, not just for inspection, but also one that carried standards in terms of quality beyond just how the food is cooked or how clean the bathroom is.Reserving through Open Table/NOPA's site is HIGHLY recommended for ALL hours unless you happen to be one of the goofballs willing to wait 3 hours + on the waitlistTheir menu is time stamped which implies that it changes by day, so dont bother looking at the menu on YELP unless you're trying to get an idea of what they generally provide.GET their Frenches fries + Aoli for a starting appetizer, you wont regret it. It is a heart replacement for what we all loathe yet crave from mcdonalds, at least for the night. Having a 1030 RSVP wasnt the end of the world by a long shot.Parking is a deadly nightmare so i also would suggest you follow NOPAS recommendation of parking at the DMV lot (10 dollars via machine)Everyone in SF now looks like the tech kids who left silicon valley to try to start their own hub here,but this restaurant carries a natural balance of all demographics, including the ignorant teenagers who feel its appropriate to wear a LA Dodgers cap on backwards, while in doors....first of all thats not following standard edicates and Second of all things....its a DODGER cap...c'mon man, you don't have to be young AND dumb..Their dessert menu particularly their coffee ice cream is very rich so be careful with what you order, you will be full even for under 100$ for a party of 2.The rotisserie chicken you see in the attached pictures looks very reminiscent to what you would normally see at Boston Market, but this is far ABOVE the standards we are so used to outside of Fi-Di...It is moist, and soft to the cut WITH NO BURNT or DRY parts....hard to find that anywhere else....the flavors are all embedded in the chicken with no bloated feeling....man i wouldnt mind paying 20$+ for something this perfectly cooked..alone...not including my drink as well for starters...Will be coming back soon as my food coma ends...
This place is divine. Some of my faves were the pork shank with fried couscous (an evening special), fried duck wings (fall off the bone delicious), little fried fish (gone in seconds), and prosciutto flatbread pizza (very tasty). We also had the cornmeal shortbread, chocolate pot de creme, and little beignet donuts - all of these were amazing! For drinks I had the Summit and King Collins and both were yummy. Service and ambience were stellar. Can't wait to return.
I have heard that to get reservations in this place, you have to call 2 months in advance, so my friend who got the reservation is absolutely amazing! We came here for brunch, and it was SO busy! Yet, with it being so full, the server was really on top of it and was always around! Let me tell you, the menu is amazing! Very simple, but there is a nice twist on every single dish. We did it family style so we could try a bit from every dish:Custard French Toast: I was shocked by how much I liked this because I am usually not one for sweets for breakfast. It was fluffy though, while crispy on the outside. The syrup wasn't too sweet and you got the hints of citrus with every bite. Exquisite!Oven Baked Farm Egg: This was the dish I ordered and it was very similar to a deconstructed tomato soup and grilled cheese. The egg was baked in a dish with roasted tomato, cauliflower cream and pantaleo. The toasted was toasted with olive oil and combined, it was a really delicious bite. Smoked Trout: A take on bagel and lox, this version was really good with a dill farmer's cheese and radish and a homemade bagel! The trout was a bit salty, but the radish gave it a light flavor. So happy I got to try this place and I will never look at brunch the same way again!
Can't go wrong with Nopa, the food is great and friendly to vegetarians which is a plus. The menu caters to a wide audience and you can find likely more than one thing you'll want to order. Save room for dessert!I will say the ambience is a bit chaotic and loud. The arrangement of the tables additionally add to the hollow echoing and screaming diners as it is a bit of a "hyped" spot. Make a reservation as walking in may be quite difficult with the wait. Additionally, parking could be a challenge though it's SF (you have to be used to that so just catch a cab) the location plays well on the corner.
Best burger in the city, hands down. And they have plenty of great brews that pair perfectly with it. This place is known for great food, cocktails, atmosphere and service -- and it get a 5 on all. Typically reservations are about a month out, so plan accordingly. You can also walk in but don't count on getting in before 9pm, even on a weekday. People don't miss there reservations for this experience.The BEST thing about this spot is that it is open super late for a nicer restaurant - open until 1am on the weekends.
FAVE restaurant in the city. I grew up part-time in the Bay Area so I love to visit as much as possible and Nopa is a MUST every time. My SF friends all know that I am going and they can come if they want. Twice I have been talked into trying other restaurants during a one-night only visit and both times I've been very disappointed. Great wine and always great service. Make reservations as far in advance as possible.Sakara BlackwellDH Catering + Event PlanningDHCatering.comStellar Destination WeddingsStellarDestinationWeddin
Great food and kind service. We had the grilled leg of lamb and hamburger. The meat was just right - not over cooked. Fantastic sides and just attentive enough service.
Believe the hype, it is real! This was my first time at NOPA. We had originally planned to go to Nopalito but then the line was 2 hours long! We ventured over to NOPA to try our luck. Within 5 minutes, they had a table for 5 available! Lucky us, it was meant to be.I got the Rotisserie chicken and Wakame salad. The salad was decent, I would've liked it to be a bit colder... with maybe more seaweed. The Rotisserie chicken, on the other hand, was amazing! Super juicy and flavorful. It was a big half chicken so I'd recommending sharing this place with another in order to try more things!My friend got the burger, which was also tasty, but we all agreed that the Rotisserie chicken was probably the best thing there.I would definitely want to go back and try the brunch.
The first time I went to NOPA, the host wasn't very helpful or friendly. It took him about 5 minutes to finally put me on the waitlist, then another 10 tell me how long the wait would be.I decided to give NOPA another try - I ordered some appetizers (pate, crudo) at the communal table and wasn't too impressed. Was there another night while at NOPA for a friend's birthday. Had the burger - it was a bit dry, and the aioli sauce was a little heavy. We also had the flatbread that night - that was good, but nothing special.Overall, I think it's a bit overrated, but perhaps I need to come for brunch or try some other dishes.
So I've been here twice: first time for dinner and second time for brunch. The first time I came here, I ordered their famous pork chops. I remember the portions were pretty big for the caliber of the restaurant, but I don't remember being mind blown that matched up to the hype. Don't get me wrong, the pork chop dish was executed perfectly, but beyond the fact that the pork chop was cooked well, there wasn't anything extraordinary or unique to the dish as I had hoped. For having had to make a reservation a month in advance at midnight to snag seats for dinner, it just didn't seem worth the hype. So I rated it 3.5 stars overallThe second time I came here, I came here for brunch after having snagged a reservation a few days before the day (I got lucky!) and I think I thoroughly enjoyed their brunch menu much more than their dinner. Their custard french toast is heavenly and everything a french toast should be- crisp on the outside, but soft and moist on the inside. I normally don't eat sweet dishes for breakfast, but their custard french toast was worth both the hype and the money. The best part is you can get a half order or full order, and a half order comes with one large thick cut of brioche french toast (full order comes with 2) and it was only $8, so for the price, the execution, and creativity, the dish was well worth the price. I also ordered the croque madame, which I thoroughly enjoyed. Even though there didn't seem to be anything too interesting at first glance, the eggs were well cooked with a bit of spices underneath it to give it more flavor, the bread was grilled and crisp, and the cheese sauce that went over it was delicious. Again, a pretty simple dish at glance, but a very well executed and flavored dish. The only downside to this place is their reservation system fills up QUICK (as in, you better make those reservations exactly a month in advance) but given that I enjoyed their brunch menu more than their dinner, their brunch is definitely worth the hype and the hard reservation system, whereas their dinner just won't be worth it for me to come back for.
Nopa is one of those restaurants that lives up to the hype. I would recommend securing a table on Opentable instead of waiting for one. I've come here multiple times for brunch and dinner, and while both are great I prefer their brunch. I find that the ingredients used are very fresh, and no two dishes seem to have a similar flavor. Standout dishes:- Goat Cheese Bread Pudding: Someone on my table described it as "cheesy drops of heaven"- French Toast: The jam that comes with the French Toast is perfect compliment. Huge portion too- Nopa Burger: Quality of meat is so good!- Flatbread: Served at dinner, they change the toppings often.- Pork Chop: Tender meat with arugula and hazelnut toppings- Sopaipillas: Perfect combination of cinnamon sugar. Too bad they only serve these at dinner timeConsidering the quality of ingredients, I think Nopa is priced just right. This is quite possibly my favorite restaurant in the city, which is saying a lot coming from a huge foodie like myself
For all the buzz and hype swirling around NOPA I was hoping for so much more:-complimentary citrus with salt, fantastic, fresh burst of flavor-kale salad, needed to be massaged more-fried little fish, thick batter, oily, had much better-house smoked trout, quite good, perfect seasoning-piggy platter, huge, but a disappointment-NY Strip, could not finish this, large portion and overly TOUGH-meyer lemon tart, terrible presentation, soggy crust, lacklusterAnother SF institution where I am about 5 years behind the curve. Reservations are still tough to get and walk ins will most likely get denied. Pass on this one, I will not go through the effort again.
I think I just about died and went to heaven after eating their amazing food! There's definitely a lot of attention to detail on the food and a lot of thought put into their cocktails as well. We started off our night with a trio of small plates. The avocado, cucumber, and salmon roe salad was bright and lively, the frise with bacon and poached egg was very rich, and the grilled calamari was very light and fresh. For my entree I got the porkchop, which was pretty much one of the most amazing things I've ever had the chance to eat. It was tender, juicy, and pretty much everything I ever wanted out of a meal. The glaze was crazy good. And I thought Odeum's kurobota chop was going to be hard to top!To finish everything off we got some kind of doughnut, toffee pudding, and an apple tart. All of them were really great, but the star of dessert was definitely the pudding. Very light, creamy, and satisfying for someone with a sweet tooth like me.Of course, the only downside is the wait here. We somehow managed to get a reservation, but it was for 9pm and we still had to wait to be seated. When we left around 11:30 all the tables were still packed! I suppose that's what you get when you're in a trendy SF restaurant.
I'd like one of everything, please. Herbed eggs for brunch. Loved the baby kale salad with dijon vinaigrette. Bloody Mary made with mezcal was nice too. Only downer? Someone really needs to dust their rafters...especially the part right over the tables on the second level. Kind of nasty.
came here for brunch on sunday and OMG was it amazing!had the MILK BRAISED PORK, soooo good with so much flavor (can be a little salty, but that's ok, pork needs salt. the sauce neutralizes the salt a bit).husband had the CUSTARD FRENCH TOAST, full order. he said it was amazing. i didn't have any since i'm not really a sweets type of person. wish i had a bite though. i was too busy munching on my pork!bloody mary was yummy. tasted like a bloody mary and not liquidy cocktail sauce!ramos gin fizz, heard it was yummy. kind of like a calpico (japanese 'juice') with gin, didn't have any though.
The food was cold when they got here, but they still tasted pretty good! I really enjoy the french toast. That's probably my favorite dish. The wood grilled hamburger(cheese or bacon cost extra $$$) was just alright. I have better burgers. The service was mediocre for this kind of restaurant that we didn't get to see our waitress much or see her smile. I might come back to try their dinner menu.
The wait time at NOPA is arduous if you don't have a reservation or can't secure one four weeks in advance. My party of 5 and I came here for a friend's birthday brunch celebration, and even though we came right at opening time to put our names down, the wait was 90+ minutes. The restaurant is pretty small, with mainly tables for parties 2 or 4, so the bad wait time could have just been us dining here with a larger party with no reservations.Once we were finally seated at the community table around 1:00pm, I had the olive oil cake, custard French toast, and butter basted eggs. I loved every bite! The olive oil cake was soft and had an orange-lemon hint to it. There was a side of creme fraiche that went well with the cake. The custard French toast was warm, fluffy and not overly sweet. It was topped with slice pears and butter. An order can be one or two pieces, but I'm glad I decided to split one because it's a sizable piece of toast! Good to share with someone else in your party so that you'll have room for a more substantial brunch dish like the eggs, but easily one of the best French toast I have ever had. The butter basted eggs I ordered came out sunny side, and I was impressed with how perfect they were fried. The potatoes, shaved Brussels sprouts, and turnip complemented the dish well with the mustard creme fraiche, but my favorite aspect of the dish was the bacon bits that were mixed in with the crispy potatoes. Nothing disappointed.One of my friends ordered their wood grilled burger, and I got to sneak some fries off his plate. The fries came with ketchup and chili-lime aioli sauce. Both were awesome complements, and the fries were nicely done and crispy! Although the food was awesome, considering the wait and extremely slow service, I'd recommend coming here with no more than 4 in your party and having time to spare in between brunch and the rest of your day plans. Parking may be a challenge as it's all street, but if you can park closer to Alamo Square and walk, you'll have a better chance of finding parking there. Bi-Rite is also right next door to NOPA so in between the wait and seating time, you can browse around the market.
One of the few restaurants in SF that stays opened late. I love a good late night dinner and Nopa is a great place to have it. I try to not get so caught up by Yelp reviews and take each one by a grain of salt. But food, service, ambiance all exceeded our expectation. The parking, despite everyone's comments has not really ever been a huge issue for us around here. Somehow we always find one fairly quick but be prepared to circle the area several times if you don't get quite as lucky as we do. Service was great. When we walked in we requested to be seated upstairs and they were nice enough to accommodate and seated us at a 4 person table even though it was just my husband and I. When a 2-seater near us opened up, we volunteered to move there since they were nice enough for us. We realize as busy as this place gets, they can really use the 4 seater to seat the proper sized party there.Their pappardelle in the nine hour Bolognese sauce that my neighbor ordered looked fantastic so I decided I wasn't a vegetarian (oops!) that night and ordered it as my entree. It didnt disappoint, it was fantastic! The sauce, being Bolognese and all, was pretty meat-heavy but flavors were incredible I had no problems finishing up this plate. Easily one of my favorite restaurant in SF.
Ok, where do I begin? This place had me at the first thing I ever had here during brunch- a Bloody Mary. Not just any bloody Mary, probably the best bloody Mary I've ever had. I like that you get to choose your poison: Vodka, Scotch or Mezcal- I went for the traditional vodka. Maybe because I'm not a fan of horseradish and they leave it out but it still manages to have great taste and a kick- but I digress. The food:For brunch- I had the butter basted eggs. Eggs were done just right, potatoes delicious, over all solid breakfast. But I couldn't stop there. I also added a half order of the custard french toast and man were they good! This could pass as a dessert, the creamy texture and the sweetness from the strawberries and syrup. Yum. Dinner- I came back and had the mussels dinner. I love mussels and these were done very well, with a tasty broth accompanied with toast and aioli. Simple French - like dish. My friend had the pork chops and let me try some- they did not disappoint. I'm not a fan of pork chops generally because they tend to be on the dry side. Not Nopa's. They had so much flavor and were very succulent and just wow- this a pork chop? I kinda had entre envy... Drinks-I mentioned the delicious bloody Mary. I've also had some really good wine here- one a ros and one an unfiltered pinot noir which is interesting yet delicious.The one caveat about this place is the wait/ reservation situation. A line starts outside for brunch before they open and dinner can also have a long wait. I firmly believe this place is worth the wait- try for reservations a month in advance. There's open seating at the bar area of course and I've not been disappointed by service.Nopa may be one of my favorite restaurants in SF- or one of my favorite restaurants period. The seasonal food is great and the ambiance/ service is as well. Ok, I'll stop rambling now. Cheers!
Ah, Nopa...you offer okay to good service, good to great food, but plain old crappy ambiance. Everything from the crowd and noise level to the decor and styling of the space feels...awfully pedestrian. The great food simply isn't enough to make me want to relive the restaurants of my suburban youth. In the concise words of a dining partner, "[the space] reminds me of...Chipotle."
Came here with a out of town girlfriend and had a great time.Yes its a hassle to get in without any reservations (wich you had to make far far in advance) but I thought it was well worth it. Just don't come starving as even if you puty your name on waiting list at 530pm you won't be seated to eat til 8pm! We had the famous porchop, flatbread, cucucmber/beet/feta/bread tomato/salad, smoked trout, all were equally delicious and unqiue in textures and flavorsyes the porkchop is probably the best I've ever had, it was very tender and juicy and flavorful, unlike most porkchops I've had out there in most SF restaurants. I think maybe they brine it? also they make it slightly undercooked so FYI.the flatbread looks so simple but is so delicious and although it has its fair share of ooey gooey goodness in it, it didnt make me feel too overly heavy after eating it. A great app to share and start with!The smoked trout salad was delcious with itty bits of some kind of bacon or pork withe a very light dressing. Trout was beautifully pink and presented in large chunks- a sizable portion.the cucmber salad was light and flavorful- very fresh produce and ingrediants all togehter.Yes all together not mind blowing- but this is the wrong establishment if you are looking for that. if you are looking for just a great atmosphere with great cocktails/great restaurant scene combined with middle of the way priced food that will deliver great flavors balanced with rustic flavors that won't leave you hungry when you leave this is definetely the place. $103 including tax and tip with no drinks, food only (1 lemonade)overall for the price pp for food, the meal was very satisfying, with great flavors all around. I will be back.
Great place for Sunday brunch or after work dinner. The food is always spectacular and I enjoy watching the chefs cook away in the kitchen. One of my surprising, yet favorite dishes was a poppyseed frozen yogurt with shaved watermelon! They are always putting new and amazing things on the menu!
Before we even left on our trip north to SF, we had recommendations for this wonderful restaurant and once we were in the city, every local said this is a must. We didn't make reservations, and they would have come in handy, but we waited about 45 minutes....TOTALLY WORTH THE WAIT! We had the most amazing food and excellent service. The menu changes as the chef buys local from farmers markets and the proteins change too but everything we had was SO good....we literally rolled out of there. The asparagus and the cauliflower sides were so tasty.....pure clean tastes with salt and pepper to bring out the natural flavors....and the pork chop was the juiciest, tastiest, freshest, most perfectly cook pork I have ever had. We are foodies and we were impressed. The pizzette for the night was also delicious and our wine and drinks were super tasty too. Seriously, I could have eaten everything on the menu....you must go here! We will make it a must visit every time we visit. sloluckystyle.com
How else would I commemorate my 300th Yelp review, but to dedicate to my all-time favorite restaurant Nopa. My 7 year love affair has lasted longer than many of my relationships, and even my marriage. If Nopa was a real female then it would be my perfect marriage. My obsession with Nopa started on a fateful night after my best friend convinced me to drive up 70 miles from Morgan Hill to try their famous Nopa Burger. The moment I walked in at 12:30am on Friday night I was hooked. The ambiance and the energy of Nopa is a little overwhelming, but invigorating at the same time. To this day Nopa still serves one of the best burgers around, but that's not all. The menu is revamped everyday with seasonal farm fresh produce sourced from local organic regions in Northern California. The brined pork chop, pappardelle pasta, flatbread, vegetable Tagine, and a seafood dish are always staples on the menu.The specialty drinks are an art form at Nopa. Yanni, the bar manager, take great pride in only serving the best drinks that are available. It even took Yanni a few years perfect the Bloody Mary. The wine program is always maturing and by far one of the most eclectic and well priced wine lists around.The staff and owners of nopa are by the best people I have known over the years. They are truly dedicated and passionate with the quality of service and food they serve. The restaurant is like a well oiled machine all working in harmony to deliver quality and consistency time and time again.
Worth it! If you're looking for an all-around solid meal, Nopa is your place. The food is at once creative and classic. Great atmosphere, beautifully plated, generous portions and wonderful service. If you can score the seats, the chef's counter facing the kitchen is an awesome bonus. Tips on getting a table: If you don't have a reservation (for dinner during the week), don't fret! Try coming in from 5-6 and getting your name on the list for later seatings. They'll take your name and phone number, and text when you're coming up.
Sunday, 9:30PM.Waiter: Ryan. Ever have a friend where your schedules don't overlap? Constant rescheduling and postponing. That's Nopa and me - finally nailed a time though!Quickie:+Good service+Clean+Quick turnaround+Delicious food+Sweet decorAnd then...?Nopa ends up being that friend worth the effort to see. #Winner**********Stuffed my face in:1. Gewurztraminer Spritzer   +Good option for non-alcoholics, tempered sweetness2. Goat Cheese   +Fresh3. Avocado salad   +Did they just pick the ingredients from the garden?4. Moroccan tagine   +Harmony of flavors5. Rotisserie Chicken   +Savory and tender6. Chocolate souffle   +Bye bye diet
It is incredibly difficult to get brunch reservations at NOPA, which I can respect, so the only option was to get in line super early. My friend and I got in line at 10:30am on a Saturday, coffee in hand, and waited for the doors to open. Since we were so early we were able to get four seats at the end of the communal table. They don't serve until 11am, so we sat at the bar and ordered bloody's. You can get them with vodka or mezcal (although I found the mezcal to be a touch too smokey). When we finally sat down, it was impossible not to salivate over every single menu item. Since there were four of us, we decided to order a few too many items to share. Dear goodness the food is phenomenal.I'm not gonna lie, the prices are a bit steep, but I think it is worth it. And from what my friend tells me, it is also great for some super late night eats. I'll be back!
Nopa, Nopa, Nopa. ALWAYS a great hit. The food is outstanding without pretension. The space is lively & intimate. The vibe is relaxed & classy. Yes, see & be seen, but not in an obnoxious way. Seriously.What should not be missed? The flatbread. I would ordinarily say the bacon flatbread, but they are all worth ordering. The grass fed burger practically has a cult following. The pork chop is faneffintastic. Same goes for the duck. Oh, and those baked butter beans...GREAT appetizer. You just can't go wrong here. Perfect for a date. Perfect for a family brunch or dinner. Perfect for guys night out, & perfect for girls night out, too. Open late. Chef favorite. Absolutely deserves the hype. And it's been this way for years. It really is an accomplishment to reach & continually maintain such status. 5 stars.
Delicious brunch menu. Wonderful cheese selection, seasonal fruit offerings, and mimosas worth the buzz. I also appreciate that the bar area is kept open for walk-ins as some of us can't always get our act together to make a reservation.
My meal at Nopa was delicious - loved the flatbread and brussel sprout/mushroom app. I got the tangine as my meal which was very good, but I wish it was served with some couscous/ rice instead of just a bowl of stew. Either way, the food was scrumptious, they have a lot of vegetarian options, and the pumpkin donut dessert was perfect.
Drooling. Showed up here around 4:45 and got seated at the communal table. Ordered a few drinks and appetizers. Seated around 6 at the counter where we got to watch all the dishes being prepared. I don't remember exactly what we ate, but every bite was amazing. I think there were some bomb.com brussel sprouts involved, if my memory serves me correctly. Find a way to eat here.... it's worth it :)
Got here early to sit at the bar for a spot, since I know things get hectic. I knew I had to try the pork chop - revered as one of the greatest in SF. I thought it was good, though not great. They obviously have quality ingredients that are freshly sourced, but I don't think the preparation was very ambitious. Obviously a bit of a cult following, that to me, may or may not be deserved. Will come back for a second go around and update review.
Be sure to make reservations ahead of time as this is a very popular dinner place. I came here with a friend on a weekday around 8pm - took a little bit to get seated, but there are a bunch of bars in the vicinity so we just grabbed a drink while we were waiting.We ordered a bunch of items but what stood out the most was the porkchop and our dessert. The porkchop (most popular item apparently) was cooked really well - extremely juicy and flavorful, and it was a pretty large slab. We had the dark chocolate tart for dessert and it was amazing, not too sweet and made just right. I would name the other items we ordered but I cant remember.... should have posted this review 4 months ago when i went and now i forgot hah... oops? But anyways, great ambiance and food at NOPA, be sure to make reservations early as they are hard to get, especially on weekends. Cute date spot!
Tips:Cream Biscuit with maple butter is VERY good. $4 (highly recommend getting it while you wait for a table) The biscuit has pepper in it, so it has a very interesting twist and a kick.All of the bar seating is first come first serve.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------Things ordered:Grass-Fed Hamburger ($14) - Very good.Custard French Toast ($7 for single, $14 for double slice) - Must try!Goat Cheese Bread Pudding ($9) - TastyKielbasa SausageI highly recommend coming to NOPA for a nice weekend brunch, the atmosphere is perfect for a nice relaxing day in the city. One warning: be prepared to wait. The estimated wait on a Saturday afternoon that I went was about 1.5 hours for a table. We ended up just waiting at the bar for seats to open up and that took about 30-40 minutes. It's understandable how popular this place is.I would recommend getting the hamburger and the custard french toast. I love french toast and I will try it every chance I get, but I have never had a french toast like her eat NOPA. The inside is soft and custard-like. Very good breakfast for those with a sweet tooth. The burger was nice and moist, very savory lunch item.
Great atmosphere, our waitress Michelle was super accommodating and helpful with menu selections. The food was good but not great. The warm goat cheese plate was amazing. I had the roasted chicken it was cooked perfectly. My friend had the salmon the sauce was over powering the entire dish he sent it back and he tried the fried fish and only ate one piece ... I didn't bother trying it but he did not like it. For desert the Italian donuts and sauce was really good and the toasted almond cake was excellent.
We came by for Saturday brunch and were told there'd be a two-hour wait for a table. We put our name down, grabbed a quick bite to eat nearby, came back 90-minutes later and were seated immediately. The restaurant is open and airy, with a bar along one side, many tables throughout, and a second floor.Since I'd eaten a bit beforehand, I decided to get the half portion of the Custard French Toast ($7). Sprinkled with rosemary, candied citrus, and smothered in maple butter, the french toast was sweet, thick, and very heavy. It was so good, but I'm sure I gained a few thousand calories just by looking at it. In a way, I'm thankful I'd eaten before 'cause the french toast made for a good dessert. The half portion was more than enough for myself, so I can't imagine one person eating the full portion, which is probably better for sharing.One of my friends had the Grass-Fed Hamburger, while the other two shared a sausage. I had a bite of the burger, which was tasty, but I wasn't as impressed with it as most Yelpers were. Maybe I needed more than one bite?Our server was friendly, sweet, and on top of everything. Based on this one experience, I'd come back to try the rest of their menu, especially dinner, if I'm ever in the city again.
I went last Friday and I would definitely go back. I tried the:-Sunshine Fix: a strong, dry, delicious, citrusy gin cocktail.-Fried Sardines with Lemon and Green Olive Aoli: amazing! Would definitely order again. -Wood Baked Giant White Beans( they gave this to use for free because our entrees were late) good but VERY rich.-Pork Chop with Roasted Carrots and Scarlet Turnips: this opened my eyes to a whole new world of pork. I never knew that a pork chop could be so juicy and moist. The roasted carrots an turnips were fantastic too. Overall the pork chop dish was very sweet tasting, and I prefer more savory flavors so I probably won't order it again.-Housemade Pappardelle with Bolognese: the noodles were perfectly firm and al dente, and the Bolognese sauce was rich, perfectly seasoned and not what you'd get at an average restaurant. I'd order this again for sure.The place was well-staffed and the servers were super friendly, knowledgeable and professional. I'm looking forward to returning.
Good casual place for a date. The tables are just a little crowded. It's always busy bc the food is good. Probably a good idea to make reservations. The service is great and I like the atmosphere.
Everyone knows that the pork chops at NOPA are the best in the bay. But have you heard about the delectable appetizers?!1. Let's be real... the flatbread with bacon, peppers, mushrooms and white cheddar is absolutely the BEST pizza I have ever had. This is not an appetizer, it's an entire pizza and it's AMAZING!2. The avocado, cucumber, seaweed, sesame appetizer dish is another favorite of mine that is absolute heaven. Who knew a simple avocado dish can be so palatable?!3. The tomato salad with chickpeas is to die for! Another must have.I can go on about all the appetizers but I'l leave the review to these top 3...And the DESSERTS...... CHOCOLATE POT DE CREME! Earl grey cream with chocolate hazelnt bizcotti..... WOW! Now, that's a divine dish that you will never forget.
we essentially enjoyed a dinner of starters, mostly because we were sitting on the upper level (all the better to hear you with, my dear), and we had a direct line of vision into the kitchen. so we just started ordering everything that looked good. by the time the entrees were being plated, we were full. everything was well prepared, including the house bread & butter (this is worth using up valuable stomach real estate). wine list deserves its high praise, although I think the real value is in the whiskey list.
If your looking for relaxed and casual atmosphere where you feel comfortable to be your loud self this is the place. And the plus side is the food is impeccable! Had the pork shoulder and it was cooked to perfection!
Yes, there was a queue. Yes, we had them text us our table update while we walked around. Yes, it was worth it.When you brunch on a Sunday, you're going to have a wait for any decent place, in my experience.I'm vegan, and boyfriend is French - his food preferences are 110% Parisian. He's an amazingly accommodating Frenchman, but that said, he is a picky foodie :) This place struck the balance for us. The menu had only one vegan item, but the chef accommodated me when we told them I was vegan. I didn't want the arugula salad on the menu, and they were so kind to modify a great looking dish.He started with the grapefruit cardamom juice and for me, Samovar green tea. Both great. We both had shirred eggs, and for me, they did no eggs with the pesto on the side (parm in it) and an extra piece of bread. The flavor was beyond amazing. I had been given the same amount of veggies as my boyfriend, so I wish they had added a few more veggies to account for the no protein situation in my dish. That said, it was amazing, and I admit, I tossed in the pesto - veganism is persistence, not perfection :) In the end, the server discounted our food (I would never even ask for this!!!) because it took "so long" for our food, according to them. To be honest, I didn't even notice, but then again, I'm extremely patient (my father used to own a restaurant and I find the business one of the toughest on the planet). The place is so busy and not apparently in need of more customers, so this an especially kind gesture.Worth the wait, and can't beat an accommodating server and chef. Most appreciated.
I've lived in NOPA for two years and it took me that long to finally try it out. My boyfriend and I were celebrating our two year anniversary and I happened to check for reservations a day before to somehow find a 6:30 PM for the next night. I also have NO IDEA how I got so lucky and you can bet I snagged it up as quick as I could. I have never seen a place that is tougher to make reservations at than this place. Let me say that the service was phenomenal. Our server was knowledgable, articulate, kind, and I felt like he really wrapped up the whole dining experience to make it feel distinctly NOPA. We started off with two terroroist cocktails that are blood orange + gin (and a few other ingredients ;)). They were good--definitely a little more tart than they are sweet. We got the flatbread w/ spicy sausage, mozzarella, and kale as an appetizer to start. This was the real winner of the night. Usually I find flatbread to be bland but this bread was simultaneously crispy and soft. Everything just tasted really fresh. If you have any reservations about getting the flatbread, do it anyways. You'll wish you had more by the time you devour all of it. My boyfriend and I both got the burger. I am a pretty big burger enthusiast. This one was particularly meat heavy and I couldn't even get through the whole thing. It was cooked perfectly and it was definitely on the juicier side of meats. It's a simple burger: meat, brioche bun, cheese of your choice and then fixings (pickled onions, lettuce) on the side. The meat is the real star of the show here. The fries were good but nothing to write home about. Crispy on the outside, soft on the inside. You actually won't be able to get through all of your fries because of how stuffed the meat will make you.NOPA definitely lived up to the hype and best of all, it was one of the best overall dining experiences I've had. The service, presentation, AND food were all just phenomenal. Go, go, go!
Ehhh Our experience was that we came on a weekday where they had a full house. With one server trying to juggle everyone. That was a big fail. food was decent and there was barely any service.
It's hard not to love this place, last night nopa and I re kindled are relationship after not seeing each other for a while. I love the wine list, I got lost for a while, excited to try something new.The piggie platter is just a great way to start the meal, followed by the Brussel sprouts, I knew I was in for a treat.Chicken was tender and deliciousPappardelle, had a lot going on but the sauce was greatThis neighborhood treasure is irresistible, I can't wait for more friends to visit me so I can show off nopa again.
This is my all time favorite restaurant in San Francisco. This used to be a little weird and random location for this restaurant but now since all the families and techies moved in and made the neighborhood boughy.. it now makes sense. Still an amazing restaurant and it is not going anywhere. This is where all the food and beverage industry people come to have dinner without all the pretentiousness. The perk: it closes at 1am.I usually go very late in the evening where there is barely a wait time..more like 9pm or later, so I always miss brunch. Otherwise the wait time can be easily at 45 minutes or more. I do believe the menu changes from time to time. If you get the chance, the pork chop is so savory and perfectly cooked that you'd to want to lick the plate clean. Last time, I got the rotisserie chicken. The chicken was so juicy and the sweet potato and spinach balanced the dish. Even the old burger and fries staple is amazing too. A cool thing, you can take your time eating/chatting with your party or other locals and you never feel like you are being rushed out.They have a great wine selection to perfectly pair your dinner selections. If you're visiting or a local, make sure you add this to your SF bucket list. If you go during a peak time, prepare to wait for about an hour. Its worth the wait.
I've been to NOPA 3 times for brunch - this is the first time I had dinner at NOPA.My colleague and I were up in the city and we thought of just taking our chances to hop into NOPA for dinner without reservations - since it was a weekday night, we thought our chances would be good. Arrived around 7.15pm - table seatings were only available 8.30pm onwards, but it was a free-for-all at the community table/ bar. We waited behind a couple at the bar (it felt awkward tbh) as they were having their dessert, probably would finish soon. It was a half-hour wait - not too bad, and we had drinks to kill some time. Hop onto the bar counter once it became vacant and immediately ordered the roast chicken (for myself) and pork chop (colleague). We waited another 1/2 hour or so for the food to come (prepared in batches) - but oh so worth it. The roasted chicken had the skin and meat separated (Think Peking Duck) and the space inbetween was stuffed with butter and herbs. That created a chicken with semi crispy skins and oh-so-moist meat! The chicken had tremendous flavors from skin to bone - Yum!The pork roast was very very good too! Properly seared on both sides - thick cut but properly cooked throughout. The cherry on the top (literally) added a sweet kick. Oh NOPA, if only your lines were shorter
When I visited San Francisco last year on a business trip, I remember walking by NOPA. I dropped off my bags at the hotel and went straight to its neighbor, Bi-Rite, for honey lavender ice cream. Looking for a spot to chill and relish in the lusciousness of dessert time, I stood against the wall of this unassuming restaurant. I was intrigued. It was sunset and could not find the name of the restaurant. For days, it puzzled me and when I finally had the time to Google the joint, I figured out its name: NOPA. (Yes, all in caps.) And like a good Yelper, I "bookmarked" the spot vowing I'd try it the next time I was in town.Speeding up nearly a year later, I finally had the pleasure of dining at NOPA. I recently went in with my boyfriend to celebrate post-Valentine's Day (I can't stand being out on Valentine's Day. All the obnoxious pink and red hearts, gold candy bars, roses, and Hallmark cards declaring "You're the one!!" make me gag. My boyfriend knows PDA is not my jam and I'm glad he respects that.). Anyway, we had a 7 PM reservation and got there a bit early. Luckily, the host was able to seat us earlier than our reservation time. We lucked out and got a table upstairs above the hustle-and-bustle of the main floor. It was fantastic sitting on the second floor because we were able to see the open kitchen and all the cooks doing their thang! We had a nice view of street activity. We observed the movers-and-shakers sipping martinis at the bar and the bartenders getting their "Coyote Ugly" on. (Okay, maybe I exaggerated that a bit.) And most fun (to me at least), I was able to see what other tables were ordering. Such a feast for the eyes!The noise level is a bit loud. The scene is predominantly young and middle-aged couples. The decor is warm and sensual: wood, amber tones, brown and yellow-ish hues (these characteristics aided by the wood fired oven!). NOPA is located on a corner so there are fantastic large windows and incredibly high ceilings. Our server was friendly though I wish he seemed a bit more interested in discussing the food. He was very nonchalant-but-borderline-bored about describing the menu. So that didn't really get us super amped-up about the food either. Nevertheless, service was fine overall. The food itself matters... and here we go: They started us off with complimentary crostini, creamy spread, and Malden salt. Let me say, anything that involves flaking more salt is a plus. I'll choose savory over sweet any day. I ordered the Summit Cocktail (gin, grapefruit, lime, honey). Incredibly refreshing. We started off with their famous flatbread with mushroom, fennel sausage, gyuere, and arugula. My oh my. That was flavorful. It had a lovely lightly burnt crust, but the inside was still pleasantly chewy. My boyfriend was a big fan of the texture. So "score" for flavor, texture, and presentation. The pork chop with date butter and roasted brussels sprouts was massive, and totally worth the value. It was a sizable portion for one person. Highly recommended! I also enjoyed their home-made pappardelle with ragu and arugula. Personally, while it was good, it wasn't very memorable. Overall, NOPA was worth waiting for. It was hard to score reservations at a decent hour (Who eats dinner at 4:30? And who can wait until 10:30? Girrrrl, please!). I'd say NOPA is a solid spot for a special occasion that won't break the bank. I wouldn't list NOPA, however, as a "go-to" neighborhood bistro. If you want to impress a friend from out of town, then go ahead, take them here.
Came here on a whim, without any reservations and we decided to wait by the bar for our table. After 40 minutes of waiting, we got a 2 seats on the bar and at the same time got our table. We decided to get our table instead so we can enjoy our dinner.We ordered the following:1) pig trotter, liver pate plate- YUM!2) Porchetta with broccoli and slices of oranges, mustard on the side with some cabbage- what a delightful surprise to have the pork's crackling skin in top-WOW!!!! DELICIOUS!!3) roasted chicken- very tender, flavorful and simply tasty.Our drinks were very good as well. Ordered gin with lime, honey and grapefruit. It was very tasty. If you come here, you have to try their cocktails. Its a MUST!!!I will be back NOPA! Definitely see you soon!!!
our visit 8/17/14Everything we order was perfect. no it was beyond perfect. We came as a walk in and were seated at the chefs counter. What a view. Pork chops never tasted better. Rabbit omg. The infamous NOPA BURGER yum! FLAVOR AND COOKED TO PERFECTION. It does not get any better than this guys. The servers had recommendations for food, drinks, desert. and had passion. BIG HUGE THUMBS UP.
I was really excited to try this place because of all the rave reviews. Maybe my expectations were too high. This place was a major disappointment. My husband and I have been trying new restaurants during the week for a few months now, and I so I decided try and get a reservation for Nopa. I was excited to score a reservation at a convenient day and time for us. Parking was difficult to find, but we ended up with a spot only a block away and with no meter (yay!). We get to the restaurant about 10-15 minutes early, and I go to check in with the hostess to let her know we are there. Not sure what her problem was. She barely acknowledged my question and didn't respond after I told her my name. Not the warm greeting I was expecting. But we were excited to try this place, and put the bad hostess experience behind us.We were seated at a small table for two, along the wall. Our waiter came by, and we ordered our food. I ordered their house lemon soda (which was probably the best part of the meal). I had the strawberry butter lettuce salad as an appetizer, which was decent. I had read about the burger and the pork chop, so I ordered the burger with cheddar and bacon, and my husband ordered the pork chop. The first issue with our dining experience was that our food took about 45 min to come out after finishing our salad. We were starving and this was just way too long to be waiting. The second issue was that my husband did not get what he ordered. Our food came out and we both remarked about how the pork chop looked a lot like steak. After biting into it, he said it tasted like steak too. After he gets about 1/3 through his steak, someone comes by (not our waiter) saying that they gave him a steak instead of the pork chop he had ordered. What?! The person who brought the food out said nothing. Why are they telling us this after we already started eating? We came here to try the pork chop! The lady was apologetic and offered to swap it out with a pork chop, but we were starving and did not want to wait another 45 minutes for it. Plus, I had already started eating and didn't want to be the only one eating while he sat there without any food. Third issue was that I had ordered my burger medium rare, and it came out medium-well to well-done. Couldn't even finish it because it was so overcooked it didn't even taste good. Fries were yummy though, but not enough to make up for the $20 I paid for that burger.We get the bill and they didn't even comp us for anything. So we had to pay a $90 bill for a bunch of food that was not what we ordered. Very disappointing. We will never be coming back here.
I loved this place, it is open late until 1am,food is good,good energy place,a little expensive, but worth it.
Walking into Nopa I noted the industrial chic theme throughout the interior, one wall facing the street was floor to ceiling windows to let in natural light, a long communal table and long bar allowed for ample room to congregate with friends... but essentially this is restaurant is a derivative of a lot of SF restaurants... no complaints, just nothing unique.I thought the bartender and sommelier were very friendly and provided great recommendations for two reds, both Riojas. Prior to our food arriving we were served orange slices with spicy salt on the side to sprinkle on top, this was a fantastic start and certainly unexpected. We ordered the butter beans -- very good, served in a taurine... I thought the pesto on top of a bit much, but everyone at the table enjoyed. Beyond that I thought everything was pretty one note. I was looking forward to the avocado toast, I was expecting something more inventive than a thick piece of bread with avocado on top... nothing special. The trout salad with oranges was good, fresh and bright.The appetizers were pretty filling, I should've stopped there or ordered a small appetizer, but went with the black cod instead. The sauce was very rich and overwhelmed the plate... the mushrooms and potatoes served with the fish was good, but not something I would go back and order.The dessert was by far my favorite, the olive oil cake was toasty, crisy, lightly sweet served with delicious in-season strawberries. Very tasty.
Been in Nopa twice for brunch, and I would so much want to give it four or five stars. The decor and setting is hip, the burger is awesome and the other brunch dishes work as well (but are not exceptional).The main area for development is service. I understand that Nopa gets extremely busy on weekend brunches, however the waiters should avoid reflecting that stress to the customers. Now on both times the staff felt tense, even though they were acting otherwise in a professional and friendly manner.Also, on the second visit it took 45 min from order to getting our meals, and they missed one item. I'm quite certain that there was some sort of a mistake along the way, given they switched our waiter after the incident. I would have expected some sort of an explanation or an apology, now we were left wondering what happened (and the waiter who had earlier served us was avoiding eye contact whenever walking past us - awkward).
Not really worth the wait. Walked in at 4:55 pm and was told to wait until 5 pm in order to add our names to a waiting list. I joined a long line of people that were also waiting. At 5:10 got my name in a list and was told a table might be ready at 6:15. The bar was filled and the only communal table was full. We waited for 1:30 hours. At 6:30 we finally got a table. Ordered hot tea because it was so cold outside. The water was luke-warm. The tea tasted funny. Asked for more hot water. Got another pot of luke-warm water. Ordered three appetizers to start. The vegetables were delicious. The goat cheese was ok. The trout was good but I had better at other places that were $$ less expensive. For main entrees two friends had the burgers, they ordered medium rare but they got them rare. It was completely raw in the middle. I had the home made pasta with beef sauce. The noodles were fresh but very rich. The sauce was not that great. My experience was very average for the money we spent and the customer service we experienced. From the moment we walked in and talked with the hostess (which acted very cold and short before adding our name to the waiting list; she didn't explained how the restaurant doesn't start seating people until 6 pm. It seemed like a very disorganized system. At the end of the meal, the bill came and as expected they charged a lot for mediocre food and service. I would not come back nor do I recommend this restaurant. If you want pricey but a delicious meal try Boulevard or Foreign cinema. Another thing, this place says its organic and uses fresh ingredients from nearby farms but the menu hasn't changed for the past 6 months. As we are walking out the restaurant my friend got sick; she thinks it's from from the raw meat.
Sooo... I love good food but I'm allergic to wheat. NOPA was just OK. The food was nothing spectacular especially for the prices. We had the goat cheese strawberry crostinis, brussel sprouts, rotisserie chicken, and banana squash soup. The soup was probably the most innovative flavorful thing on the menu. The chicken was nothing special but the roasted/baked broccoli was good. The service was really great and that was redeeming factor of the meal.
NOPA has always impressed me. It is now on my top 10 favorite resturant list. I always have great food when I come here and I recommend it to anyone.Everything we had was 5/5. I love how they prepare the dishes here. The freshness of the veggies & meats are exceptional.  All the veggies have a "refreshing" taste which is really hard to find in good restaurants. You can tell the ingredients selected truly compliment the dish.Flat-bread-$15 - DELICIOUS. 5/5. Potatoes, gruyere, grilled scallions. The flat bread was amazing and never disappoints. I could've eaten 2 of these.Poached Duck Egg - $12, Solid, 4/5. Duck egg w/ veggies & red onions. Solid appetizer.Pork Chop - $26 - Delicious 5/5. Served w/ saurkraut, carrots and a grilled pork chop. The restaurant cooks the pork chop a tad rare. Usually I'm scared when restaurants cook Pork Chops rare, but this was executed perfectly. A beautiful dish.Braised Duck Leg - $26 - Delicious 5/5. Served w/ mushrooms, plums, and baby carrots. The duck was great and the veggies complimented the dish very well. Duck was a tad sweet but the veggies neutralize the sweetness.My buddy had the chicken and he said it wasn't that great tho. The serving size of the chicken was massive tho.TIPS:-Reservation is MANDATORY. Even if you show up at midnight, expect a 2 hour wait (not kidding here)
I was super excited about this place! It took forever to finally get a reservation here. Came here on a Sunday night and all the tables were full. It must be nice to enjoy so many restaurants in SF, even on a Sunday evening. We ordered a couple dishes, if I can remember correctly: fried small fried fish with this red sauce was delicious, squid ink pasta was interesting and had a well balanced flavor, squash dish was good, the french fries with aoli were okay, the rabbit was cooked well and flavorful, the porkchop which I've heard is there signature dish was underwhelming to me (maybe because I asked for it medium rare but received it more of a medium) and the olive oil cake a nice light dessert. I would definitely give this place a 3.5 stars but I was left a bit bored of the dishes, nothing was really unique about the restaurants food. Maybe I'll have to give it another try.
My roommates and I lucked out getting a table during The Bold Italic's Diviz microhood event.. I've heard that you have to make a reservation a month in advance. We reserved a table with the host for 8:45pm (we made the reservation around 7pm). We were there at 8pm to see whether they could seat us early. The host said there were no tables available but would text my roommate if one came up before our reservation. We got there at 8:40pm and the host said he texted my roommate 45 minutes ago..... so there's some discrepancy with their system, but we did get a table so I can't complain considering we were lucky to make a reservation for the same evening in the first place.I ordered the baby kale salad to start and the chicken as my entree. The kale salad was delicious and a great way to start my first meal at NOPA. The only issue I had was that the kale leaves were still on the stem. I had to shred the leaves off, but it wasn't a big deal.The chicken was awesome! The meat was moist and the skin was crispy. What I really liked was the spring onions! It was roasted and the end product was a sweet caramelization around the root. I could eat a whole plate of it!I can't eat at NOPA without getting a dessert, so my roommate and I split the sopapillas with a burnt blood orange caramel.. I ate a spoonful of the caramel in the end.The atmosphere can be loud, but luckily for us we were seated upstairs where it was a little quieter (until a big group came and had no problem turning up the volume). And I also like the pacing of each course. I didn't feel rushed, but I also didn't feel like I was waiting forever.I would love to come back for brunch.
I was visiting SF and wanted to try this place. Walked in with no reservations, but we were lucky enough be seated at a table within 30 mins. Over all, I felt that this place was trying to be super cool and experimental, but forgetting to focus on making food tasty. Amuse: orange with chili and salt. Meh. Chicory salad: it was okay, but why would you put overcooled and chewy cauliflower in it?Something with butternut squash: Chunks of grilled butternut?? Too fibery and watery.Burger: I don't even remember. It wasn't horrible but not worth remembering. Fries: Uhh, fries came with the most unpleasant aioli. It was probably some kind of garlic mayo.Pork chop: Oh god. pork chop was covered in orange sauce, came with sides of watery and tasteless veggies. Orange sauce was too overpowering, and it did not say anything about orange sauce on the menu. Also, it was too expensive. Service was wonderful, though. Our server was really nice.
Prefer this place for brunch over dinner. Take a party of 4-5 and have everything on the menu family style - the best way to go.Everything on the brunch menu here is incredible. Doing it family style also made us all happy. Not to mention, their delectable breakfast cocktails are a perfect aperitif between courses.
I was very excited about the dinner at Nopa , as had read some great reviews on yelp , as well as couple of my friends had been there and had liked the food here. I made the dinner reservation two days in advance on opentable and the only time open was 6 pm , which the the start time of dinner reservation. We got seated immediately , and the restaurant was fairly empty at that time, though the long bar area seemed to be busy and perhaps it was Happy Hours !. The lady who took our drinks and food order was really nice and pleasant and attentive- full points for service. Their wine selection is pretty exhaustive and my husband was happy with his wine selection. We ordered 2 appetizers to share to start with - the warm Goat Cheese Crostini which were great - the cheese was nicely warm and came with a side of thinly sliced apple and persimmons. We also ordered the Butter beans - which was good - but in hindsight heavy and quite filling. If you are going to have entrees - i would suggest sharing 1 appetizer is plenty.For entree- my husband ordered the pork chop - he said he was ok , not spectacular . Being a vegetarian , there was 1 veg dish - the Veg Tagine and the Pasta - pappaedelle which could be made veg. I got the pasta dish - which came with a mix of vegetables and honestly - it was not at all appetizing - only think i could pick from that was the chard !! i was very sorry to say - but had to return it- i hate doing that - but could not see myself eating that . The server asked if i wanted to get the Tagine - but i decided to get the side of brocolli roasted with lemon and breadcrumbs. what can i say - it came out too lemony :( It was just not my day. for dessert - we got the apple cake and blue bottle coffee and nothing to complain there - was pretty good. We were just underwhelmed with the food there - but everything else was great - service, ambiance, drinks.
Oh... such good memories in this place. The food is awesome and the service is great. They consistently change up their menu which challenges my need for predictability but pushes me to try wonderful delicious things that I have NEVER regretted. Seriously this place serves such delicious food and their wine selections are awesome! It gets a little loud, so maybe not the best place for a quiet romantic dinner, but its open late and the energy is oh so good. Parking sucks so its best to plan ahead and there's always been a wait when I've tried to walk-in so its best to make reservations.
perfect. never had such unique food before. this is exactly what I'm looking for when I think san francisco cuisine. had the porkchop and it blew my wife and I away. great atmosphere and drinks at a very reasonable price
I've been to NOPA several times with friends and family for both dinner and brunch and I have to say that my review is entirely inconsistent for the brunch and dinner experiences. Brunch: 3 stars Our server was snarky and condescending and the food was entirely unmemorable. We ordered the oven baked farm egg and the custard french toast, both of which were completely ordinary. Perhaps I'm a tad biased with the french toast after having brunched at Olea (my goodness, that Challah French toast is to die for!) but that doesn't excuse the oven baked farm egg. There is so much potential in the dish but it unfortunately ends up rounding out the brunch's bland mediocrity. Dinner: 4.5 stars / 5 starsOur server was fabulous, sassy and extremely helpful and the food was even better. We had the infamous pork chop, the notorious hamburger, the duck and the roasted chicken, all of which far surpassed our expectations. Although the pork chop and the hamburger were clearly the winners, the other dishes were still excellent. And the cocktails were killer as well. So I'd highly recommend dining at NOPA but saving your brunching needs for one of the other fabulous brunch spots in the city (Plow, Mission Beach Cafe, Universal Cafe, Sweet Maple, Olea, etc).
AMAZING! ! I booked our reservation one month ahead and was lucky enough to get a 9:00 seating. Totally worth the wait. Ordered marinated olives, avocado toast, uni toast..that was literally the best thing I ever ate!! And then the famous PORK CHOPS!! WOW!! I'm at a lost of words. This is how I want to eat my pork chops from now on. soooooooooo good!
My friend and I went for a late night cocktail on a week day. We know we can always find a spot in an otherwise very popular place. She had a bad night at work and this is exactly what we needed. Our bartender, justin, was engaging but never intrusive. We paired our cocktails with a desert. Bombolinis are my all time favorite. It's a constant there, yet it varies with the seasons. A perfect, PERFECT, night cap.
Can I leave zero stars?I went to eat here late night since it seemed to be the most popular restaurant on the street at this hour. During my meal, my husband found a larvae in our meal. Or a slug. Or a caterpillar. Not sure what. But it was alive and slithering about, eating the food as we did. We alerted the staff to the issue and we lost our appetite for any other food. We had the plates cleared. Apparently, this must happen often to people, and perhaps they don't make a big deal out of it as the server and manager both seemed to make light of the situation and seemed underwhelmed. I am sorry, but I garden, and a bug is inexcuseable. I live in Sacramento-farm to fork capital of the nation-and if that had happened there, management would be inexcusably appalled. Here in sf, I was compensated for one item, and left on my way. I complained that seeing the bug left me with no appetite and I felt I should be compensated for more since I didn't even finish my food, and kaitlyn stated that she would take off $7 more, but felt she was being bullied....seriously??? You served me a bug. I should not be the person to feel remorseful after this incident....never going back again...I really considered that pork chop, but I guess I will never know....btw kaitlyn-organics doesn't have to mean bugs...
Came because it was much hyped. Had 6pm reservations on a Saturday for 2 and got there 10 mins early. Went to check in and the dude said, "oh you may have to wait so we don't overwhelm the kitchen staff." Really? The place was half empty! The waitress ignored him and a few seconds after he made that statement sat us upstairs. That was irritating and definitely not a good first impression. We ordered:Flatbread of Spicy Fennel Sausage, Scallions, Arugula and MozzarellaCountry Pork Chop, Orange Glazed Sweet Potatoes, Apple and Upland CressWood Grilled Hamburger, Pickled Onions and French Fries The flatbread...amazing! Cooked perfectly. The flavors are different but complement each other very well. When you take a bite you can really taste each individual ingredient, bitter, spicy, salty, sweet. It's amazing, don't know how else to describe it. No matter what you order for the night, you have to at least order this as an appetizer and share.Pork chop...tender. It was very thick but the juiciest pork chop I have ever eaten. Cooked to perfection! Down side, a hint on the bland side. But it would be better bland than too salty that's for sure. I guess that's why they have table salt to sprinkle if need be. I took a bite with every ingredient on the plate mixed together to see if it would help, and it did to some extent. The apples are on the sweeter side, but I guess I wanted a salty kick with all that juiciness. The flavors were very natural and I know the ingredients were very fresh.  Burger...juicy. Again cooked perfectly medium rare. Not just pink or kinda pink, but medium rare with red and juiciness. The bun was soft. Lettuce crispy. It was made very well but...bland. Again it was very natural and it did not seem like they used a whole lot of spices. They just let their fresh ingredients and technique speak for itself, but I definitely needed some ketchup. When I went it came with a basil aioli. which I needed as well for my burger and a pinch of salt to hit the spot. A piece of bacon may be what I was missing for the saltiness I was craving. I did not add it :(I will be back to check out what else they have. I want to experience their journey through the menu. I am hopeful and excited that everything else will be as good as what I have had so far.
What can I say, we keep going back over and over, and lately for the grass fed burgers. It's one of those simple yet so well executed comfort foods, that along with the roasted chicken are staples of Nopa everyone has to try. It also stays open till 1am on Saturday, great when all the other gourmet food options are closed. But don't expect to walk in at mid-night and easily get a table, there will likely still be a wait, so have a drink at the bar !PS- the flat bread is also yum, ingredients change frequently & there's lots of other great eats on the menu.
I can see where NOPA is what you make of it - you can either have a fantastic time, or a horrible time, depending on where you place your energy. I came in with a friend I hadn't seen in a long time, and we had a beautiful dinner, catching up with a few glasses of wine, dinner, and dessert. We requested a seat upstairs, which allowed us to escape some of the very loud chattering on the main floor, and to look down on the beautiful open floor plan. The lighting and ambiance were incredibly pleasant. I walked to NOPA up Hayes street, passing by gorgeous Alamo Square before coming onto Divisadero. The neighborhood is very high-end and lovely, and I can't at all understand why there's a Popeye's across the street from this restaurant. Hostess staff was incredibly friendly, checked my bag, and even made small talk with us. Our server was a bit overly attentive, as well as the bussers - we must have been approached at least 15 times during our meal, often interrupting our conversation. It was a little awkward, even though they were friendly. I would take away a star for service, but it didn't really impact my night. The food was delicious, and of a higher quality than I was expecting. I got the Pork Chop ($26), which was served with potatoes, braised brussel sprouts, persimmon, and escarole. The cut of meat was huge(!) and I took more than 1/2 of it home. Very tender, well seasoned, and well cooked. I had two glasses of the Dolcetto ($9), which was the cheapest glass of red available. It was tasty, in that wine is tasty. For dessert, the Cardamom Rice Pudding ($8) was incredible - it had toasted pumpkin seeds, walnuts, raisins, and a caramely-brown sugar topping. SO good. My understanding is that the menu changes slightly day-to-day based on fresh/seasonal ingredients, so the menu you see online is an approximation of the day's menu. Go in with an open mind, leave with a full belly. :-)
This place has a really cool atmosphere and a neat layout. There is an upstairs area that overlooks the restaurant that's fun to sit at. The burgers are absolutely delicious! There is a plethora of wine or other alcoholic beverages to choose from. The waiters are pretty laid back and friendly. Last time I was here however, I swear there was no AC or something. Other than that check this place out when it's not hot!
Went here for brunch. I wasn't impressed in the least. First off, the way they seat people is asinine. OK, there's a wait, put my name on the list. Then several tables open up, and they don't seat anyone at them. Keep in mind, brunch ended soon (2:30 PM) so what the fuck are you holding the tables for? I had to go up and politely inquire why I'm still standing about waiting for a table, and then boom I'm seated promptly. Get over yourself NOPA.On to the drinks. Only tried my bloody mary, and they had way too much Worcestershire in the mix.The food, after the way the host/hostess acted, figured the food must be bomb. Think again. Boring, bland, flavors that don't mesh well, not a fan at all.
Perfection. My favorite restaurant in the city. Great every time.
Saturday brunch review. My in-laws there rave about this as the best brunch they've ever had and they are right, brunch here is super awesome. We let my sister in lar take the reins and order and she got us the cardamom bun (yum), goat cheese bread pudding (double yum), soft scrambled egg with brown butter acorn squash (so much yum), and the custard french toast (OMG, I can't handle the yum). Seriously, that french toast. It's like 2 inches thick, crisp on the outside (bruleed almost?) and custardy on the inside. It's so good. As for drinks, the Ramos Gin Fizz is awesome - creamy in that slick way that egg whites give, just the right amount of citrus.
If you want to starve to death this is the place to be! After 1:30 h waiting for food we cancel the order and they offer to pack the food.. After 10 min waiting they told us the food is served to other table! How bizarre is that!?!?
One of my favorite restaurants in the city With a menu that's truly different every time you go.Just about everything on the menu is good, drinks are also done/mixed right. I've seen actors and musicians multiple times there having dinner. Love the fact this place is open late. Overall this place is the best all around restaurant in the city always packed and its got mojo and chemistry inside of it.
Came here unplanned late last night on a last minute getaway to the city. Everything was on point. The menu changes on a daily, which definitely keeps things interesting. I had cauliflower soup with dates and walnuts... burst of flavors... so damn good. I also had some Flatbread with spicy fennel sausage, olives, and tomato.: )Glad that special someone took me here. I'm happy.
I couldn't believe how packed this restaurant is. As we were entering, the group before us were told that there was currently a 3 hour wait for walk-ins. ... that's insane.As we sat down upstairs to overlook the entire restaurant, we were welcomed with blood oranges with their seasoned salt. I was rather surprised by how spicy and the amount of flavor they included on the salt. We began our meal with their grilled vegetables, including cauliflowers and squash. I honestly felt like this dish was overpriced for the portion size. The butter flavor on the vegetables was fantastic however.Our favorite dish was the pork chop. The flavor was amazing - the pork chop was extremely well seasoned, and the satay-like sauce they pair the tender pork with makes for a pleasant meal. Instead of brussel sprouts, they complemented it with asparagus. Seeing how well they did the cauliflower though, I definitely want to try their brussel sprouts next time.We also tried the pappardelle with lamb. The lamb meat was cooked well, being quite tender and flavorful. However, the dish as a whole did not particularly impress me.Our meal concluded with their sopaipillas with blood orange caramel. This was absolutely scrumptious - the caramel was not too sweet but possessed an extremely fragrant tart orange flavor, and the sopaipillas were chewy and light.The next time I return, I definitely want to try their other dishes, including their baked pasta and flatbread. The meal was quite impressive and the service is excellent despite how busy the place is.
Smoked Trout, Pork Chops & their fish stew was what I had on the menu. The chops were the best I ever had made to perfection. Service was nice and friendly with a dress up or down chill atmosphere. Love this place! Looking forward to trying their brunch and other items on the menu.
I been wanting to go here for a few years, and last night my boyfriend took me here for a special dinner. Made reservations a month in advance, and the earliest we could get a table on a Monday night was 9:45. I had a couple glasses of wine, and started off with a few small plates- olives, the smoked trout (amazing), and the flatbread (yummy). They were out of the beef brisket tortellini which sounded amazing. Split the pork chop (best pork chop ever) and the polenta with bacon. Everything tasted delicious! The most impressive thing about this restaurant, aside from the great food, was the impeccable service. The host was very friendly, we were immediately greeted went we walked up to the bar, our waiter Daniel was very friendly, and our table was constantly being cleaned and cleared off, the water was always flowing. The hype is real. Definitely one of the best restaurants not only in SF, but that I ever been too. Definitely worth the wait!
Never expected to write a review like this, but I'm beyond disappointed with nopa. I'm not sure when I can ever eat scrambled eggs again. My oh my, where the eggs bad - pound of butter in a dish? And, you wonder why people are overweight. I have a list of things that went wrong with nopa, but to spare everyone - I'll keep it short. The waiter was the WORST and the restrooms a bit on the filthy side! I left nopa feeling disgusted, let's just leave it as that. I'm done. Goodbye nopa goodbye.
NOPA WAS DELICIOUS! My boyfriend made reservations for my early birthday dinner here because he knew I was dying to try this place. The more time passed, I was not that excited because I did not want to be disappointed just in case it was overhyped. To my surprise, IT IS NOT OVERHYPED. I had an amazing experience here. The restaurant is well lit with an open kitchen. They have a communal table for walk-ins and it is on a first come first served basis. Once we arrived, we were greeted by the hostess and seated immediately upstairs. I was so excited because we had a perfect view of the open kitchen! I kept staring at all the plates being prepared.The environment of the restaurant was super chill. No fancy pants here. The noise level was moderate since everyone seems to be enjoying themselves. Our waiter was nice and helpful! He gave awesome suggestions based on what we told him we liked. Drinks: They serve half bottles of wine here! I thought this was great because I wanted to try out a cocktail as well. We ordered a red and two cocktails. The cocktails were made very well. My boyfriend really enjoyed his old fashioned. Food: -Amuse-bouche: toasted bread with some kind of curry spread or something. It was delicious and full of different and surprising flavors. Definitely woke up my palette. - Kale Salad: So good! The portion was perfect for two people as a starter. It was light yet flavorful! My boyfriend hates kale and salad in general .. and he said it was the best kale salad he had. - Grilled Bread with Avocado: To be honest, when it came out I wasn't expecting much. But it was so good! the pickled jalapenos gave it a nice little kick and it complemented very well with the cheese. - Country Pork Chop: BEST DISH OF THE NIGHT. It was moist and the seasoning really brought out the natural flavors of the pork. Don't even think about coming here without getting this. -Grass Fed Hamburger with Fries: I added bacon and cheese, of course. If you are given the option to add bacon, always say yes. It was good! It was smaller than I had thought it would be. But it was was just enough to fill me up! The fries were simple. Overall, I would definitely come back to NOPA.. anytime. Everything was simple and delicious. I was impressed with how the simplicity of the dishes made the flavors shine. Must go to spot in SF. I promise you .. you will not be disappointed.
I came here recently for dinner and brunch. This review will be both for dinner and brunch.Solid 4.5 stars all around for dinner and brunch!Wow, I was pleasantly surprised how tasty the food is here! However, I did think the pork chop was overrated. All the other dishes were delicious! Dinner: Make reservations!Flat beard: 4/5-Yum!! so GOOD!! Grass fed burger: 3.5/5 high quality meatPork chop: 3/5 eh...tasted like Asian chatshu(Super big portion size)Brussel sprouts: 4/5--love brussel sprouts, cooked to perfection! Sunday Brunch--come early and get in line! We arrived 30 minutes before they opened and were the 2nd party in line!Caramelized Apples and Maple Butter French toast: 4/5 Yum!! So delectable and rich! The small size is sufficient for 2.Wood Grilled Italian Sausage: 3.5/5: Surprisingly good; good amount. Bloody Mary: 3.5/5 I typically don't like bloody mary, but this was delicious in its own wayPeppermint Patty: 3.5/5 very rich and sweet..maybe a little TOO sweet, but overall a solid drink--not too much alcohol
I walked in for brunch. I wasn't planning on going here (but it was recommended by a friend) and happened upon it while I was walking and hungry. I'm so glad I went in. I had a slice of zucchini bread and the chorizo with beans and cornbread and 2 poached eggs. I'm picky about my poached eggs and these were perfect. The only thing I didn't enjoy was when the restaurant got busy, people were lurking over my shoulder waiting for me to finish eating so they could snatch my seat (open seating at the bar). It was obnoxious.
Had a perfect meal at Nopa this weekend. The grapefruit non-alcoholic drink was delicious, as were the avocado toast, pork chop (with beans, apricot, and pistachios), and burger. No room for dessert, but service was great and I will definitely be back.
Came here on a Sunday around 12:30pm - was seated right away.Had the sweet cardamom bun, oven baked egg, and wood grilled burger with bacon. Burger was thick but not as juicy as I like, especially from what I'd read from other reviews. Egg and cardamom bun were yummy. Service was great. A little noisy at times. Good for brunch with friends.
Pros:- FRENCH TOAST (so custardy and creamy and magical)- everything is good- waitress gave us a new drink when a fly flew into oursCons:- dinner is not as good as brunchBottom line: Go for breakfast. Order the French toast. Enjoy bliss.I can't stop comparing every other French toast to Nopa's. I still think about how soft and melty the bread was, and how golden crispy the edges were...Dinner is not worth it though.
Used to live in SF and had hoped to try NOPA before I moved. Finally got to do it on a visit back.I heard reservations were needed much in advance, but decided to try and wait it out for the shared table and bar. We got there around 6:30 on Sunday night with no open seats. Grabbing a drink, we strategized how to poach the next open spot without awkwardly hovering too much. So stood by a group that had gotten their food already.After about 45 mins, the waiter came by and told us that the seats for the group we were by were going to be given to another group that had been waiting for a while, but suggested another couple might be done soon and said he'd watch out for us. After about another 15 mins, we saw they were paying the check and he motioned us over.Our server was incredibly friendly, did a great job checking in on us and apologizing for the long wait. He also was helpful in telling us the main course portions were large and we could forgo an appetizer. FOODCountry Pork Chop: Came with carrots and brussel sprouts. Cooked perfectly, was tender and juicy. Huge portion!Grass Fed Hamburger: Came with lettuce, pickled onions and french fries. The size appears small but the burger is very thick and dense. Ordered medium but appeared well done. Taste was fresh and flavor was rich. Fries were extremely crispy and portion was large- couldn't finish them. Atmosphere was great. Loved the decor and feel. Service was excellent. Price was also reasonable compared to what was anticipated.Main downside was the long wait for the food after we ordered- must've been an off nigth as it was about an hour for the food to come out. Glad I finally made it here, but the wait was too long. Won't be back without reservations.
What a great find! My wife is more of a bruncher than I am, so I usually trust her with this category. Everything was excellent and would return!
I went last week with my girlfriends and we all jointly enjoyed our meals. I don't know what they do with the pork chop but it was the most moist and tender pork chop I've ever had. We also had a bunch of appetizer dishes which were recommnded by our waiter and I am glad we took his suggestions. The cucumber salad was tastey with unique flavors and ever so refreshing. Avacado appetizer was another winner. What we all loved most about the food there was that it all tasted so fresh and not overpowered by sauces so you could really taste every ingredient in the dishes. Staff were all very friendly and ambiance is fun and hip. Bonus is the cute grocery store next door with the yummy ice creams. Only thing I would change is there red wine selection. I asked for bold because I like cabs and the first one I had was too light but I tried to give them another chance and sure enough, second one failed in boldness too. With such a nice restaurant, they should step up the wine selection. One of my girls said "it aint no reserve" when I asked how her red wine was. So 3 dud red wine selections.
Nopa truly deserves the great ratings it receives. Every time I treat myself to a meal here I am never disappointed. From the drinks to the chicken to the goat cheese bread pudding, seriously everything is amazing. Bravo!
Went here today for the second time. Pretty disappointing. First, the server was not friendly and had about zero enthusiasm and energy - not to mention lack of professionalism. Off to a weak start. Then we ordered cocktails and waited. And waited. Finally had to ask him for them. He finally brought them and insincerely said "sorry."We ordered the grilled bread- delicious. The goat cheese bread pudding was good. The hamburger I ordered cooked medium. It came out just about raw in the middle. Could not even eat it. Yes, I could have sent it back but by that time I was over it and over NOPA. Fries were served hot so that was good. Won't be back. Overrated.
LOVE NOPA. Highly recommend. /// Dinner review: got the burger and fries. Split it between two of us. SO DAMN GOOD. And it was enough for two, though the burger wasn't particularly large. /// Brunch review: came with friends on Easter Sunday, prepared for the wait. They took our number and we went back to a friend's place who lives nearby and had mimosas. They called our cell when our table was ready and we walked back down. We sat at a shared table, but it was a cool experience. French toast-- my gawd. So good, and so thick we had to split it 5 ways (that's what she said). /// I've driven here twice and found parking after circling a few times. Highly recommend this restaurant and getting here with PLENTY of wait time. Its absolutely worth it.
Judging by the other reviews, I think that perhaps my experience at Nopa last night was a fluke. I would consider giving them another chance in the future just to see.Here is what was good:1) I was able to be seated an hour earlier than my reservation by showing up early.2) The wine list was extensive and well priced.Here is what was bad:1) Service was extremely slow. The server was very strange and did things like come over, lean in to where I was sitting and whisper in my ear if everything tasted good. It was very creepy.2) The food was sub-par. 3) Expensive for what it is.The three in our party had the Squab, Papardelle, and the Salmon. The squab was excellent but the accompaniments to it were awful. There was some fried vegetable and bread SOAKED in balsamic, so much so that it was inedible. The salmon was clearly frozen and either farmed or artificially colored. It was worse than salmon I'd had at diners or other one $ restaurants on Yelp. The Papardelle was the best of the three but the diner who had it was still unimpressed. The pasta did not seem like it was freshly made. We also shared a Halibut appetizer which was as well underwhelming.I would not recommend this restaurant at this time to any of my friends. The atmosphere is too loud to be romantic, the service is too slow and unprofessional for a business dinner, and so the only people I could recommend this restaurant to would be locals in the area that have money to burn.
Been meaning to try this spot for a while and finally got around to it on a special night. Tried everything I've heard so much hype about.Pork Chop - Good. Swapped the potatoes for some greens. Perfectly prepared.Drinks - Great. If you like gin, order the Sunshine Fix. Flatbread - MUST TRY.Overall a very lovely experience!
Since I've heard that their pork chop was "literally off the hook" - when the sis gave me an opportunity to make a res to any restaurant that I wanted to eat at... I opted for this... however, upon sitting down... I was informed that they don't offer their pork chop on Tuesdays! HOLY CRAP... really?! Just my luck eh? To say that I was disappointed was an understatement! My sis and her bff ended up just ordering a bunch of food for us to share and it was perfect for all three of us. I literally forgot what we had because I was mourning my pork chop... but I did remember one dish that I really enjoyed and it was the Warm Goat Cheese, Asian Pear, Persimmon and Crostini = FAVORITE dish of the night! OMG... this was just oh so so so good! The whole combo was mouth watering... we all enjoyed this ... delish! Definitely get this!Most of the items that we ordered were vegetarian dishes... and it actually filled me up! We're going to try going here again... definitely not Tuesday... so I could finally try their infamous pork chop! PS: the sis said this is a good date spot... used to be her spot... hmm...
Went here to celebrate a birthday and it didn't disappoint. The food is high caliber and the atmosphere is one of the best in the cityThe pork chop was out of this world as well as the grass fed burger I had their ros and it was superb Get reservations and come to this place you will be happy you did! :)
I can't believe I haven't come here sooner. The food is fresh and delectable. I'm going to make coming here a regular thing!
NOPA is one of those spots that you want to go out of the way to try and lives up the expectation Yelp sets for it. It undoubtedly produced some of the best food I had in San Francisco and truly showcases California cuisine with its flavors and ingredients. When you arrive at this rather nondescript building, you'll notice its very ornate door that welcomes you like the passage to Narnia. Once inside, you'll notice the natural tones, high ceilings, and the lively chatter that sets the tone for your meal. It's going to be lively, entertaining, and fun. That being said, make reservations because it does seem to fill up and you could be in for a wait if you don't. However, should you choose to walk in, there is always a fantastic bar that you can wait at.The menu is clearly California cuisine. Our group had a very late lunch so we opted to just order lots (and lots..) of appetizers to share and enjoy. The fried brussels sprouts was well cooked with a nice char on the outside and tender in its center. The flavors of the sprouts were balanced really nicely with the acid of the lemon and the saltiness of the Parmesan. While I may not be a fan of brussels sprouts, this is one dish I definitely would try again. The poached egg with ham and mushrooms was a great balance of earth and savory with the well poached egg bringing together the salt of the ham and the earthy flavor of the mushrooms. Get the piggy platter. You may feel like a pig afterward but the trotter terrine was fantastic on the grilled bread with the saltiness of the liver mousse and the smoky tenderloins, it was a sure win that I would have licked the jar clean. The warm goat cheese salad was a surprise with the salty and distinct flavor of the goat cheese balanced perfectly with sweet persimmons and Asian pears. When it comes to dessert, get the sopaipillas. The pillowy puffs of dough with the burnt caramel was beautifully done. While the trio of sorbets showcased was quite lovely, but nothing really wow-ing. Service was good with the staff being rather attentive and knew their menu. We asked for suggestions and they clearly knew the flavors and portion sizes so we weren't ordering too much, while still not having enough. While bottles of water were left on our table, we barely raised a hand to refill a glass. With great service, ambiance, and good food, Nopa clearly is one of those spots I am definitely going to be seeing again.
Ate here a little while back. I think for all the hype and the wait, I didn't really find anything too special about the place. My friends from out of town got here 4:30ish, with doors opening at 5:00 pm at the bar. Service seemed a little slow, and we didn't appreciate having to wait until 6:00 pm to order dinner. That said, the food and drinks were undeniably solid.
I love the uniqueness of this place and the fact that they bare local foods and brands. I've been here about 4 times and each time I wanted to try the grass fed burger but ended up with some other dish (their menu changes often), finally the fourth time I got the grass fed burger and it was delicious. None of the food disappointed me.ALWAYS make a reservation, if you can't make it online, call or make it in person.
Vegetarians can rightfully go nuts for this spot. Thanks, Yelp!Now, my review will disappear into the masses, so let me keep this short, sweet, and hopefully useful:- Wait time for non-reservation guests at dinner time can usually take up to two hours.- French fries are a delicious staple item on the menu.- There is this green, refreshingly kind of savory cocktail that is off the menu, but if you ask about it, they will make it. I forget the name, but the servers know!
I used to really be on the fence about NOPA. It was good but not mind blowing and I always just think about chicken when I think of nopa and I don't eat meat but I came here after seeing Justice at the Warfield and maybe it was because I was drunk but midnight nopa was amazing. We made reservations but they weren't really needed since there were a ton of tables open. My friend and I shared the fish stew, broccoli covered in breadcrumbs and chili I have no idea what it was called, and the bread pudding. The stew was solid. I've had a lot of bad seafood stews but the broth was so flavorful oh god. For some reason I almost never order sides. I don't even acknowledge their presence on menus so I was happily delighted that the broccoli was bomb. I don't know why I can never roast broccoli for the life of me. WHAT IS THEIR SECRET? The bread pudding was alright. We were both super full by that point and we couldn't even finish it. Service could have been better. I thought I lost my friends flask from the show earlier and the waiter was nice enough to ask his coworkers to see if they had seen it so props to him for entertaining our super ghetto antics. and I noticed the same vegetarian dish I ordered like three years ago is still on the menu. They apparently want to make the least amount of effort to cater to vegetarians. Tsk tsk.
It was my second time at Nopa. Once again, the restaurant food was far beyond expectations. Went here with my wife for brunch.Ordered cinnamon bun, yoghurt with almonds and peach. Completely yummy. Then we ordered smoked brisket and the custard french toast. So fresh and flavorful. We would love to go here again, this time to try the burger.
One of my top 3 restaurant recommendations for dinner in San Francisco. NOPA is consistent with its quality of food, service, and ambiance. They use local, seasonal ingredients, keeping dishes relevant and tasty during all times of the year!
Two things I love about NOPAOne-They are one of the few options for a late dinner out.Two-That burger is every bit as good as advertised.They do get busy..crazy busy and walks in can easily get shut out. Scoring a reservation on open table is equally as challenging. So what to do? Just be persistent and you too will have your chance.A full bar does not always mean satisfying drinks. But they get that right too. Gin martinis crafted by bartenders who treat each bottle of gin as if it was their baby.
Good, not great. Overpriced. The cod was small and flavorless. The rotisserie chicken was extremely inconsistent. Parts of it were very good and tender, but other parts were dry and overcooked and some parts appeared to be under cooked and rubbery. I ordered some bourbon drink that was supposed to be mixed with orange and something else but all it pretty much was was chilled bourbon and no other flavors to detect. I was expecting more from this place but was pretty let down. Overpriced and overhyped.
We needed a last minute dinner spot for valentine's day in San Francisco... I usually plan ahead but this time I just wasn't able to... Last minute research brought us to a fun and hip restaurant that could take us in late in the night. We waited an hour for a table around 11pmish. Everything everyone ordered looked amazing to eat... Worth the wait. Look at my pics for everything we ate and loved. Our waiter Jeff was so down to earth and nice. He gave us great recommendations. I highly recommend the flatbread- so yummy in my tummy. We asked him what Nopa meant and he told us "north of the pan handle." I was curious about where the name Nopa came from. I think we made an awesome choice for valentines day dinner. Nopa we will meet again:)
Went for brunch with a group of friends and absolutely loved everything we ordered. For an appetizer I especially loved the egg bake. It comes with toast on the side and the mixture of tomatoes and pickled jalapeos is delicious. The custard French toast was also very good for the price, but very filing. I would recommend the half order.
Always a wait so make a reservation. All the food and cocktails are great. The burger and avocado toast are amazing.
I almost forgot about this place; I used to come here often when I lived near NOPA. I was surprised that I haven't reviewed this place until now. I've gone here on several random dates and with a group of friends for drinks, dinner or late snack. Because it is one of the few great restaurants in the city that serve food past midnight each and every night. After wine-bar hopping, coming here for their delicious burgers and crispy fries fulfills my craving. I've had many things on their menu, but that sticks out. So the last time I was here was last Sunday. I had friends visiting from NYC; they're on their way to Burning Man. They live in Greenwich Village and are just as particular about food, ambiance and service as I am. The combination of those 3 factors are key, for a return visit in my book. They're favorite is Coqueta; we went during Americas Cup last year for dinner; and again last week for lunch. So finding a brunch place that takes reservations in this city can be difficult. It was my first time at NOPA for brunch last Sunday. Reservations were booked, but decided to get there when doors opened and take our chances. I'm glad we did. I love the big windows and super vaulted ceiling. Overall ambiance is always great. Bloody Mary was just ok for me, but my friends ventured out on various cocktails that they enjoyed. They all ordered eggs; and I ordered my usual when feeling borderline hung-over; burger and fries never disappoints:) Service from host-hostess-servers were all super friendly and attentive.
I really enjoyed this restaurant. We went for the first time on a Saturday, it was sort of packed but the wait for a table, although the waitress said it might be 30 minutes, only took 15 minutes and we were able to wait at the bar then she would come get us. It has a nice atmosphere, excellent mood lighting, light music, the chefs are making the food where you can watch which is always interesting. The upstairs for seating was nice because it was a little more secluded for couples and we could watch everything around.There are some vegetarian options, though not a lot of vegan options unless you take away the cheeses to the salads. My date had the rotisserie chicken, which was huge. When we sat down, the waitress promptly let us know about the chicken shortage they had but luckily could accommodate my date's meal. I had the melon salad with hazelnuts, arugula, and olives (originally with feta, but I asked for that without it.) I told the waitress that I had a nut allergy and she put the nuts on the side just in case of cross contamination.The waitress was very nice, funny, and extremely thoughtful. I like that the waitstaff doesn't have a specific uniform which gives it a more eclectic feel, but of course it's San Francisco. Their dessert menu is very long with plenty of options (although non that are vegan for sweets) but they have loose leaf teas and espresso. I had the Black Grey Indian tea, which was delicious and they brought sugar on the side (cream upon request) and there was plenty of tea left over.Their beer selection was pretty good. I was pleased that they had Hops Stoopid, however I would have been happier had there been more beers on tap rather than bottles. They had only two draft beers and a surplus of bottles of varying sizes.Overall, it was a great experience. I would appreciate more vegan options, a few more draft beers, but the overall experience was great. I highly recommend it for dates, especially first dates because it's casual but also a nice restaurant.
One of the best places to go for a late night dinner after a show. Great atmosphere, excellent service. We had the avocado toast,  Yummy broccoli, salmon collar, and wine. Save room for dessert. Loved the hot chocolate. And the toasted almond olive oil cake.
food: 5/5service: 5/5atmosphere/decor: 4/5 spacious but loudCame here on a weeknight after a 3 week reservation. I found that the staff is very accommodating and tries to give the customers the best experience possible. I can honestly say that the waitstaff and hostesses here are probably one of the best I have ever met. I would say this is the highlight of the restaurant.My party had the smoked salmon salad as a starter, lamb chop, and burger. Everything was delicious and cooked very well. The lamb chop was a huge portion with greens on the side. Burger, was cooked just right and juicy. We did family style on all the dishes and the waitress gave us extra plates and utensils. However, the dishes aren't really meant to be shared, although portions are large. For 3 dishes and 2 drinks, the total came out to be ~$100. Not cheap but any means, but worth the money.
BRUNCH ONLY- (3.75 stars)Waiting in line at 10:30am, was seated promptly at 11am when it opened. The staff could not have been nicer, they provided detailed description of the items on the menu and there were 5 of us, so they were very attentive to us (5 stars).Drinks- My bloody mary ($11) was nothing unbelievable, actually it was very unique so still debating whether or not I liked it, but everyone else at the bar was ordering it, so that has to say something. Another of the fruity drinks was off the mark for our taste as well (3 stars)Food: We order the burger (Amazing) the poached eggs and sausage/Scramble (OK, but simple), Pork shoulder (Great flavor) and something else that was just OK. (4 stars)Value: Seems a bit overpriced especially for my Poached eggs and Sausage $18, but I am glad I tried it. (3 stars)
I was told that "Nopa" stood for "No Parking". One person told me they spent a half an hour looking for parking in the area one night. We got lucky, found a spot after only a couple of minutes. I didn't see this on the website when I booked the reservation, but you can park in the DMV lot at night for $10. That's the deal!We arrived more than an half hour before our reservation (having found parking so quickly only two blocks away). We went to the bar to order drinks and after I got the order in, our table was ready. Nice!We started with two appetizers: the baked white beans and Hungarian chicken soup. Both were excellent. For entrees, we ordered the duck, the vegetarian tagine, and the pork chop. Again, everything was excellent. Both the duck and the pork chop were cooked properly to order. We also got an order of French fires to share which were devoured quickly, the basil aioli adding a yummy zing. The pork chop I had was one of the best I've ever had (possibly only bested by the Flying Pig in Oceanside).The food is well seasoned, namely salted. If you are a very light salter, you might find it a bit heavy, but it was fine for all of us.Service was excellent. Every worker, and I had some interaction with at least a half dozen, were smiling, friendly, and helpful.My main tip is to make a reservation. There were many well-dressed 30-somethings eating at the bar because they couldn't get a table. And consider using public transportation getting here. Parking, especially if you can't use DMV, can be near impossible.Though I didn't walk out thinking that the food was a quantum leap above anything else I've tried, I can't see how they could do better. Good ingredients, cooked properly, with clean, but complex, flavors. It's what fine dining should be. Even if one is not "wowwed" by the experience, every four-star or below restaurant now suffers by comparison. 5-stars. Hopefully I'll get another chance to go back.
I tried their burger with cheddar and bacon. It was subpar. The bacon was too hard to chew. The burger meat was juicy and medium rare. It was good, but not the best.
Best pork chop I ever had! damn....so moist for a thick cut. Not sure how they do it. My friend had the king salmon and that was delicious too. The only downside is that we ordered the crudo and the white fish was just bland. Maybe another fish would be best for this dish. Also, I wish they had bread or breadsticks for us while we were waiting. Overall, I good place to eat and definitely want to try their brunch which I hear is good too..
Finally, my reservation came through. Full 1 month period. Hubby and I went on a beautiful Saturday morning. I ordered the Scramble without Prosciutto with bread on the side and hubby got the burger with fries. We also ordered half pot of coffee and I regretted later because it was so delicious and amazing. The aroma was so rich, we should have ordered the full pot. Food was scrumptious. Ambience was light and friendly. Staff was very helpful too.The only thing is that I guess you don't have to wait for a month and you could walk in and sit at the bar, I saw a few people walking in and after a wait of 30-45 mins they did get through. But in any case, it was worth the wait.We are so going back here again on this Saturday. I would highly recommend this place to all who love food and great ambience.
Great food, poached egg with Brussels sprouts amazing. Make sure you make a reservation or get there at 5!
This place is amazing from the staff to the view from the dining area above. I love their pork chops here, it is by far the best in the city. It melts in your mouth and you'll be thinking about it for days. Thumbs up for the bartender who made me a special dessert birthday cocktail last yr! (Sorry this review is about 1 yr late.) Parking sucks in this area so give yourself extra time to park!
Oh Nopa... I've been coming here since 2006, and I can't imagine the City without it. I could have reviewed this place a long time ago, but for some reason I felt compelled to write a review now, eight years later. There are many reviews for this place, but I'll just cut to the chase and tell you what I come back for over and over again.- The burger. Please get it. Please get it medium rare. Please get it with cheese (Gruyere or cheddar). The bun. Buttery and soft, able to withstand meat juices. The fries. Oh my goodness the fries. Grill master never disappoints.- The flat bread. There has not come a time I ordered this and thought to myself, "why did I order this?" Nope. Never crossed my mind. - The cocktails. Why not? So good. - The desserts. The sorbets are delicious, as are other treats. I usually come here with no reservation any time after 10:30pm. Sometimes there is still a wait, but it isn't long after I will get seated. The bar is a good place to stake out a seat, and usually service at the bar in general is better in my opinion. Overall, I truly enjoy this place.
This place is damn good. And everyone knows it. Insanely popular and crowded. Always a long wait. But on certain nights, it's somehow worth it. Just a great American bar and grill. Everything is good. A little over priced? Sure. But there's just something about this place that makes me put away my normal complaints, and just enjoy a fantastic SF restaurant.
The food is delicious and the service is fantastic. I havent actually ordered full meals here yet. Instead, we usually just split a bunch of small plates so that we can enjoy a little bit of everything. It is a bit surprising that you have to make a reservation weeks in advance if you want a Friday or Saturday night reservation, but its worth the wait if you can plan ahead. If its just two of you and you dont have any set plans for the evening, you can always have drink at the bar and hope a table opens up.
Amazing dinner. I came here with my boyfriend while on vacation in SF. We were told not to expect to get a reservation, that you need to book your spots months in advance. However, since we were trying to eat a late dinner, we decided to chance it and just show up and wait to be seated as walk-ins. We arrived at 10pm on a Saturday night and were seated immediately - that was the start of an amazing evening at Nopa. Everything is awesome here, from the charming decor to the friendly staff, to the amazing food. We ordered the warm goat cheese as an appetizer - it came on little pieces of toast and was delicious - warm and cheesy but not too much. As mains, we ordered the fried rabbit legs which were AMAZING - the meat was crispy yet tender. Lastly, we ordered the pork chops which also were incredible and not to be missed. Overall, this is a great spot for awesome food and a great vibe
Came here with Boyfriend as a walk in and despite being packed we were sat within 10 mins. Ordered a few drinks. Cocktails were mixed very well and flavors were nice. Boyfriend and I had the Summit which was refreshing. We started with the Goat Cheese, Apple and Crostini which almost filled me up despite being really hungry. It was a good combination of flavors: sweet and tart as well as textures: soft, smooth, and crunch. We also ordered the Flatbread which was a good savory start. For main courses I had the rabbit: nice and tender, presented well, and a good portion and choice of vegetables to go with. Boyfriend had the Wood Grilled Hamburger: very well made, juicy and perfect until the last bite. The fries come with a great side sauce. For dessert we had the Double Chocolate Layer Cake a la mode which was very dense and rich. The ambiance was lovely and the service was on point. Also love how late they are open. Will definitely be back.
Had a very good meal at the bar, steak was excellent.Wine by the glass was a mistake, I should have ordered a bottle as they are very short on their pours probably getting six glasses out of a bottle.It was difficult getting a taxi in that area at 9:00pm
Amazing wine and food presentation. It was a little loud but the garbage floors and open space were beautiful. John my waiter was attentive and very helpful in wine selections for pairing with my meal. My dad had the pork chops and they were AMAZING!! I had the pappardelle with bolognese that was a 9 hour sauce, perfect. Had an amazing time at the chef table chatting with other regulars. I'm definitely going to come back!!
I am absolutely in love with this place. We walked in here this past Saturday evening and got seated immediately at the communal table in the front. Since we already had dinner at Waziema across the way, it was drinks and desserts that we were after. After staring intently at the menu, I decided on the Gamay Morgon which was a sweeter, fruitier red wine. My friend ordered the Haiku which was so good that I ordered it as my next drink. Before I go on to tell you about the amazing dessert, I have to explain why I fell in love with this place. What made this special was the perfect seating at the communal table. Because of the people that kept coming and going, we were able to meet and encounter so many lively personalities that engaged us throughout the night. From the first couple who were on a weekend trip to SF, to the two men on a bachelor's night with a groomsmen who accidentally left his ID at home, we were constantly entertained. Everyone seemed happy, celebratory, and open. Onto the desserts: Chocolate Pot de Crme - Lavender Crme Anglaise, Buckwheat Cacao Nib CookiesWow, just wow. It was like chocolate pudding with extra pizazz. I wish I could describe this better but let's just say that we enjoyed this so much that we scraped the sides of the bowl that we could finish every last bit of it.Trio of Ice Cream and Sorbets - ChocolateHazelnut BiscottiOff the top of my head, I can't remember the exact flavors of the scoops. But, I shall tell you that every one of them tasted like freshly pureed fruit mixed with cream. Really good and uniquely flavored.I left this place feeling content, satisfied and wanting to come back. I couldn't have asked for a more perfect evening. Thank you Nopa.
Ambience: warm, packed, loud-ish but conversation isn't a problem.Food: refreshingly simple. The tendency toward being too precious irks me and there's something timeless here.Beverage: solid wine list that may not change your world but has a lot to make a professional happy. Bar program is very good with focus on top notch materials and technique. Finally: you've most likely already been here, but if not what are you waiting for?
This was a very good meal and nice experience. We got lucky with parking which we had heard could be a problem. It was very crowded but the service was still excellent. The Baked White Beans were good and so were the Fries with Aioli. I ordered the Tagine without really knowing what Tagine is so I really have nothing to compare it with. Although I enjoyed it, that type of dish is really not my thing so I wouldn't order it again. I wouldn't go out of my way to visit this restaurant again but while breezing through the menu to prepare for this review, I saw more than a couple of dishes that I'd like to try.
I don't have a single bad thing to say about Nopa. Who could?!Nopa's drinks are great. Wine, cocktails, whatever you get you will be happy with.Nopa's food is AMAZING. I really like their brussel sprout with horseradish dish. It's a beautiful dish and really interesting. Their food is very innovative, but also homey enough to make you feel like you aren't eating an experiment. The ambiance is great for a night out with friends, for a date, for pretty much anything. It's not too snobby, either. It's comfortably chic.Honestly, every time I've been here I've been more than satisfied. It's the restaurant I would take my out-of-town friends to if they wanted to be wow-ed.My advice to you: attempt to make a reservation! They are always busy!
Terrific meal. You really need to make reservations ahead of time or you will be waiting a long time. We got really lucky and walked into two open seats at the community table. Was a really fun atmosphere. Now the food, it was amazing and nothing we had would I rate less than a 10..Avacao Toast, Smaoked Trout Salad for appetizers, Pappardelle for dinner. All fantastic. We topped off dinner with the burger which I am told is the best in the city. We were so full we could not fit dessert. Bad move as my buddy Leo told me the crepes were out of this world.
I wish we would've come here for brunch instead of dinner. I made reservations a month ahead of time to try out this much reviewed pork chop and some other goodies. However, when we arrived we weren't very hungry, ugh. We skipped the appetizers and I ordered the pork chop and my friend ordered the lamb. Our waiter warned us it would take a while to receive the entrees, and brought us some fries! My pork chop was definitely good..........but I've made better. I must just enjoy a different taste. My friend's lamb was very, very rare so she only ate about half of it. It was good, but if I went back, it would be to try out the burger or brunch.
Best restaurant ! Best service ! Every time I am Nopa, I am stress free! The atmosphere is so calming and the energy makes me feel at home. The entire staff is so knowledgable on the menu and also eager to suggest their favorite dish or something that I would like! Hehe. I go here for every special occasion and it's always good times
Food and service was excelent. Cute dinning experience for a date.
No reservations for brunch? No problem. Got there at 10:15, waited until they opened at 10:30 to put our name in and came back for our table at 11 (when the kitchen opens). Did some grocery shopping next door at Bi-Rite. You'll wait an average of 45 min anyways no matter where you go for brunch. Original dishes you can't get anywhere else, the butter basted eggs was not something I'd normally eat but I had every last drop of the buttery, creamy sauce. Even ate the pickled onions and I hate pickled anything. Can't wait to go back!
What's that trendy word, "foodie," no that's not me. I like good food, I like that little hole in the wall, your neighborhood restaurant, cravings at the spur of the moment (no two hour waits), pop in, fill your belly with some good food at reasonable prices, service is not my top priority. I appreciate good food, and the food at NOPA was good, they do things simple, they do things well, and sounds like they put out CONSISTENTLY good food. We had the Grilled calamari, Burger, and Pork chop. My favorite dish was probably the pork chop (done medium/rare it was juicy and flavors were simple, and not overdone with exaggerated flavors), the burger was good, but not the best I have had - I would rather grab a burger at super duper. Nothing was blow you away, "I have to come back and get that."Unfortunately it is hard to get a table, so we had to make reservations a month out. I definitely would go here more if it wasn't so hard to get a reservation, but have to knock it because it is hard to just drop in.
I haven't been here in years and so happy that I was able to celebrate my birthday here. Nopa knocked it out of the park for myself and everyone at the table. Our server was fantastic and all enjoyed our evening. Happy that the quality has remained high at Nopa and that my evening back in my old neighborhood was made all the sweeter my dining there.
Very nice place to bring friends to have a good feel of food in San Francisco... Portions are enough to fill you up, good selection of wine, daily specials are pretty good and you can really feel their pride on the food that they serve.. Very trendy place to dine in , not a cheap affair but its worth going to..
This is the perfect place for a late dinner. A lot of people are always surrounding the bar and even at 11pm on a Tuesday night there is a decent amount of people with good vibes eating dinner. I always get the burger here, but last time I ordered the mushroom toast and it was bomb.
The food was delicious but the restaurant itself is a$$ backwards and money hungry. They opened at 10:15am but you can't get food until 11:00am. Hence, you need to spend unnecessary money on drinks for 45 min. The method to seating people is ridiculous and makes no sense.We were a party of 6 and when the food finally came only 5 meals came out. At the same time the table next to is got the one meal we were waiting for. When we made it known that we were missing a meal the guy made it seem like we were inconveniencing him and we should be lucky that we got seated and then food.French toast was delicious and salmon plate was as well. Bartenders were snobby and thought they were high class and special. Heh, next.Food was good but odd service ruined it. Don't waste your time.
Definitely a favorite spot of mine in the city. Try dining on the 2nd floor, near the kitchen - you'll get an aerial view of both the bar area and the kitchen, and watch them prepare your meal.Dined on a saturday night - to be honest, I was hesitant to fulfill my reservation at first (it was packed, loud, and busy), but we were seated upstairs, far from the crowd.Started with the warm goat cheese appetizer - a great blend of fresh ingredients, none overpowering the other. The goat cheese was warm and not overpowering to the senses. The crostini was perfectly toasted - not too soft, not too hard - allowing the goat cheese to spread. The addition of either strawberry or white nectarine slices topped it off, giving a fresh finish to the tastebuds.We moved onto the crudo of local halibut - beautifully presented, with raw slices of halibut covering the slices of marinated peppers resting at the bottom. The halibut was very fresh, and the marinate didn't cover up the taste. The salmon roe was an interesting (and welcome) addition to the dish.For the entree, I had the king salmon dish (very, very highly recommended). Probably the best fish-based entree I've had in a long time. It wasn't just that the salmon itself was cooked/marinated/tasted beautifully - but there was a unity in the dish, each ingredient complementing the other's flavors (with no sharp contrast). I combined the salmon, creamy corn, and mushrooms and it was delicious; I then combined the salmon, green beans, and tomato and it was equally as delicious. Would I order this dish again? Many times over, yes. For dessert, I had the coffee ice cream sandwich (also very delicious, and by now, I was ready to throw $$ on the table). If you're a fan of coffee ice cream, then get this. The chocolate walnut cookie was crisp enough that it wouldn't break apart from each bite (and you will need to bite, it's an enormous portion). If that wasn't enough sugar for you - you also get a side of caramel. Thank you again Nopa, for yet another beautiful evening. I know it gets crazy busy here, especially on the weekends, so please - be kind to the staff. Cheers.
*Nopa nopa nopa. Made reservations for my best friends bday and table was ready upon arrival. +1*Waitress was spot on in terms of items to try and suggested a very good red. +1*I had to try the grassfed burger that all my friends raved about. +1*Atomsphere was great. Not noisy but the typical chattering of other patrons, lighting was great, unlike dining at restaurants that can pass for a nightclub and overall great experience. +1Unfortunatly, the restaurant does not let you order anything after your meal is done. I figured that I would be able to feed my boyfriend since he did not get a chance to eat dinner and I wouldn't have to go an extra trip to pick up food before heading home. Apparently, they are very strict about that. -1
Oh NOPA, you made me such a happy human being. I left wanting more. I left wanting to to-go some for my family in Socal. I am so glad that we waited that my friend and I hovered over people's bar seats to snatch seats. If you do not know already, the wait at NOPA can get a bit ridiculous. We came in on Sunday around 650PM, and they told us the next table would be available around 915PM... I'm sorry, what?! Luckily, she also mentioned that the communal table and bar are on a first come first served basis. And so, we decided it would be best to aggressively watch people while they're eating to grab some seats for ourselves. I think we lucked out because we ended up waiting about 30-40 minutes. We basically found a couple order their food and watched them eat it. It was nice that we were able to order drinks and chit chat on the side while eating. We were extremely hungry because my friend and I had just run the half marathon. As soon as we got our seats, we ordered 2 grass fed hamburgers with extra crispy fries. They don't come with cheese. It might be hands down one of the best burgers that I've had. I don't usually like hamburgers, but it didn't even need the cheese to compliment it. The burger was really thick and juicy. The burger itself looks really small but it was a lot to take in. My only complaint is that the food took longer than it should have considering how much we waited to even sit. I want to say that we waited an additional 30-40 minutes for our food to come out, and they had an extremely large wait staff. Regardless, when the food came out I was not disappointed. My friend and I didn't talk to each other until our burgers were demolished. I should have asked what the sauce on the side was. It was just heavenly. It's an orange sauce that tasted almost like some kind of aioli sauce. I dipped my fries in it and drenched my burger with it. It was just a great experience. I only wish I had the option of going back as frequently as possible. I will be back when I'm back up north.
I think I might be turning into a horrible food snob, but I'm not quite sure how to stop myself at this point. I came here for dinner. I came on a weekday and was able to drop in an hour before dinner and make myself a reservation for around 6PM. I learned a valuable lesson at NOPA. When everyone in the restaurant, is ordering the same things, there's a good chance you should get it too. Don't be a hipster and try to get something different. My man meat sugar baby boy toy and I decided to both order different items so we could try more things. He got the highly recommended pork chop, and I ordered one of their rotated menu items, the lamb and pappardelle. I think I regretted my decision when I saw that 75% of the restaurant appeared to be ordering the burger, which seems to be a recommended option here on Yelp. The pork chop was delicious. Sadly here is where the food snobbery kicks in. It was good, but I had had the pork chop at The House the weekend before, and the one at The House was better. Had it not been for our visit to The House, I would say that this was probably the best pork chop I'd ever tried. Lamb and pappardelle was meh. Nothing really special there. I still regret not choosing the burger. Perhaps I will come back one day to try it, but I don't really feel a need to revisit anytime soon. Decor and ambiance were tasteful, and bonus points for being down the street from a Bi Rite. I think dinner for two cost me around $60 after tax and tip.
I would give anything to have a Nopa style restaurant here in San Diego!During each visit to San Francisco (once every month or so), I always try to make an effort to dine here.They keep the menu new and exciting, rotating fresh and inspiring offerings. Cocktails are unique and fun. A great place to go with your significant other or a large group. Prices are mid-range and they source locally. Atmosphere is relaxed with the staff on point.
On a chilly October Sunday morning, our party of 3 arrived at 10:40AM (20 mins before the restaurant actually opens for food service) to put our name on the waiting list. After depleting my phone battery life and checking the time in what seemed like 5 minute intervals, we ended up being seated at 1:00PM. If that doesn't give you an idea of how popular this restaurant is, you may want to consider getting out more. Confectionery highs is my game and French toast is definitely to blame. Soft, custard-soaked bread, topped with melting maple butter and Fuji apples captured me in a dangerous love affair. The perfect amount of crispness on the edges, coupled with the creamy texture of the bread made for what I might consider to be the best French toast I've ever had. The small portion is enough to satisfy one person's craving without inducing deep food coma status. My suggestion is to fight your standard "single slices are for weak suckers" instinct and share the small order of French toast heaven with a friend who's getting an (almost) equally amazing dish such as the soft scramble. It'll make you savor and appreciate the Superman high that the custard French toast will take you on THAT MUCH MORE!~
Great atmosphere, perfectly made old fashioned, well serviced community table, and most delicious seasonal flatbread in the city. The staff at Nopa has been 5 stars with each visit - bar to table.
This place feels like you're in New York but with bougie Hipsters. Waitstaff is on point and very helpful. This place is great cuz it's one of the few places open late! My friend and I grabbed a late night dessert after a concert and made online reservations super quick and easy on our way over. I got the ice cream/sorbet trio and she got the chocolate pot! It was all very yummy and the flavors were intense!
I'll admit to a little trepidation in writing this review for two conflicting reasons: 1. I'm not sure my writing is capable of conveying my total adoration of this place 2. If it is, I may do some small part to send even more people over to it and thereby make my waits for a table even longer. [Deep breath] ok - here we go:Keywords I'd submit for Nopa: Local / Comfort food / Wood-fired / All about the ingredients / Ever-changing versions / Small Batch Booze / Friendly Service / Hipster alert / Open kitchen / Neighborhood-changing / Always f-ing busy.Key Orders: Flatbread (never the same twice), Blue Bottle Martini, Hamburger (best in city IMO), Pork Chop (maybe the best in the country [it can be a little pinker than people are used to - but I've never heard of any ill effects]), whatever fish they're serving, some label of your favorite type of booze that you've never heard of.Downsides: the afore-mentioned Always Busy is not to be taken lightly. This place is open until 1, and I've never had less than a 30-minute wait - no matter how early or late I come. Also - though the service is professional and friendly - there can be a strangely-long gap between the starters and the mains. My advice is to be well-provisioned drinks-wise for this limbo.Insider's tricks: the Blue Bottle Martini is mistakenly placed (IMO) on the dessert menu, which I think deserves some reconsideration. My favorite ordering time for that supernaturally good cocktail is at the beginning of the meal - so that I can then stay awake enough to keep eating and drink for another 2 hours or so. Also - if you are capable of serious pre-planning (I'm talking about 90-120 days out) I suggest you try for the last spot at the counter by the expediter - as you get a great view of the kitchen from there. If you're solo or with one person - you should always try to give your name to the hostess - but in my experience you will almost always beat the list by scooping a spot at the bar or the communal table. I would say of the 15 or so times I've been to Nopa - 14 of them found me with a spot at the bar or communal before the hostess could get me something.The brunch is also unbelievable - and possibly even harder to get into than dinner - I've only succeeded twice. Do not miss the Smoked Trout if you're lucky enough to score a spot; and the hot chocolate is worthy of consideration - but everything on the menu will be one of the best versions of the dish that you've ever had. These people just do simple, spectacular, ingredient-featuring food better than anybody I've found.
NOPA was such an adventure for us! The menu was a little confusing at first and I had decided (from Yelp photos and raves) that I either wanted the burger or the quinoa and trout dish. When I settled on the trout option, our waitress asked me how hungry I was. Of course, I was "famished" (really excited to eat), so she suggested I go with something else, so the burger won! My usband and I both ended up getting the burger and it was pretty delicious. I wouldn't call it my favorite burger in the world, but it was definitely tasty. The fries were also pretty yummy and the beer selection was fun to choose from. The interior of the place is pretty cool, with crazy windows and high ceilings. There's even a "bar" at the kitchen window that you can eat at--I'm assuming this is the chef's table or something of the sort. Overall, I'd recommend coming here for a casual date atmosphere--warnings: it's a tad noisy and, from what I understand, there's often a wait (we went to Ziryab for drinks while we waited). I'd say the pleasant experience really makes this place a 4-star joint, and the pretty good food helps a bit, but could be better.
Three stars because I think that this is the type of place that I would come back to if I were in the area, but not make a special trip to come here just for food. With that said, the food here is good, but nothing super spectacular or anything like that. I ordered a burger and it came with a generous service of fries, which was nice so that I was able to share them with my friends that I came with. They also have a large selection of other food items that are small, so it makes it a good location to come to if you are in the area. The service here was also decent, as our waiter was very nice and friendly. My only wish is that they were slightly more attentive so that we could reach him if we had any questions or needed a refill on our waters. One of the best parts about this place is that they are open until quite late, I think 1 a.m. on the particular day that we visited, making it a good option to grab a late night bite after hanging out with friends in this part of San Francisco. I really like the atmosphere of this place, as it was large and had a very warm and welcoming feel to it. We came closer to the holiday season, and they had some decorations up, which was a nice touch.I think that I would like to come back here if I am in the area because it's definitely a nice place to just chill and hang out, especially in the company of good friends.
3-3.5 stars. A-ok, but nothing spectacular. Even with a reservation, we still had to wait 20 minutes for our table to be ready. My friends and I were dying to try the pork chop since everyone raves about NOPA's pork chops. Pork chop ($26): double cut thickness; juicy and tender; comes with seasonal veggies. Good but not mind blowing. I still think the best pork chop I've ever eaten was at Farmstead in St. Helena. *sigh* if only it weren't so far...Also, my friends and I all ordered the pork chop and all 3 pork chops were inconsistently cooked. Mine was supposed to be medium-well (although it was more like well done) and my two friends' pork chops were supposed to be slightly under medium but one was a rare pink while the other was medium well. Roasted cauliflower ($6): So simple but probably my favorite thing all night. Crisp, savory, and perfectly seasoned. Flatbread appetizer ($15): Almost like a pizza. Sliced flatbread topped with cheese, pickled veggie, squash, and dressed arugula. Very good and a large portion for everyone to split. Dark chocolate tart ($8): A slice of dark chocolate tart accompanied with a scoop of earl grey ice cream and grapefruit. I'd rather pay $8 for a bowl of just that earl grey ice cream. Butterscotch pudding ($8): Very rich butterscotch flavor and a great rec from the server. Comes with a side of nutty brittle/wafer. All in all, it was an ok meal. The service was a tad slow which made the meal drag on longer than it needed to be. It's also only street parking which is annoying and makes me not want to go out of my way to come back.
Flatbread of bacon, spring onions, wild nettles and meyer lemon goat cheese was really good!
Where do I even begin? With the flavor explosion that hit me like a ton of bricks? The VIP seating? The friendly staff? I'll begin by saying that you must make a reservation in order to go to this place. My sister recommended it and we happened to walk by it a little before dinner time. The hostess put our name down on the wait list so we decided to have some drinks while we waited. When they seated us they gave us (what she called) the best seat of the house. It was a bar area right in front of the food prep which was pretty amazing. We wanted to order a little of everything so we started with some appetizers, among which were the Brussels sprouts and OH MY GOSH... FLAVOR EXPLOSION! They were the most delicious, and magical experience my taste buds have ever experienced. I cannot even begin to describe them because I would not do them justice. The rest of our meal was amaze balls and we enjoyed every minute of it. The staff there was incredible and extremely nice. I plan to return to Nopa the next time we go to San Fran which I hope is in our near future for sure.
Went at midnight - was still packed! Great at scene, tasty desserts :). Carrot cake is great!
Disappointed, perhaps my expectations were too high. The restaurant is beautiful and has great ambiance. I had a seat on the 2nd floor next to the rail and could stare down at all the people, the bar and the kitchen and really enjoyed that. The dinner started off with complimentary piece of mint-lime infused watermelon with sea salt. It was divine. Unfortunately, that was the best part of the dinner. We ordered the warm goat cheese with strawberries and nectarines, meh! The corn salad with walnuts was good but not outstanding. The fennel sausage flatbread was also good but yet again not memorable. The Moroccan vegetable tagine was disappointing. It was a myriad of flavours that did not mix well. If you ever have eaten real tagine, you know it doesn't come with dollops of sour cream. I usually enjoy when chefs add a twist to a traditional dish but sour cream was the wrong choice here. The olives and almonds were also barely cooked so they were hard and did not absorb any of the sauce. At this point, I was starring at the other patrons to gauge their reaction when eating dessert. None seem particularly fond of them and some of the desserts were really difficult to share so my wife and I decided to skip it.Service was also average at best. While the server gave us a description of the watermelon, he did not explain to us any of the other dishes when brought over. It was more of a "here you go, you ordered this, I gotta go now". The timing of the kitchen was off too. We received our first 3 dishes really quickly, getting one before even finishing half of another one. And then had to wait 45 mins for our last dish.For a restaurant that requires reservations a month in advance, I'm not sure what the hype is all about. Perhaps it's the price point and the option to order a $14 burger with fries?
I'm not lying when I say that I think Nopa is the best restaurant in SF. I don't even think I'm over-exaggerating. The menu seems to change quite a bit but they always have a dish for every taste (chicken, duck, lamb, etc.). There's an extensive wine list spanning what seems like 200 countries so bring your reading glasses! Really talented wait staff that is timely, capable, and friendly. There's a bar where you can grab a drink while you wait to be seated which I definitely recommend because otherwise you'd have to stand around awkwardly or just go outside. I'm fairly certain they offer to text/call you when your table is ready but there aren't any spectacular bars in the area that have the same romantic/trendy vibe.Overall, this is the kind of place where you will spend about $100-$120 for a 2 person dinner with drinks/wine. This is also the kind of place where you will not, NOT think that you overpaid. Definitely great for romantic birthdays, anniversaries, dates, everything. I sincerely cannot give this restaurant enough praise.
Le sigh.I know I've just RAVED about this place and to be honest, I wish it was consistently so...but nothing is perfect and today's brunch was DEFINITELY not even close.The food - excellent as always. Tomato braised brisket and eggs. Can't go wrong with that.Coffee - COLD.Service - NONEXISTENT. The hostess was amazing and warm/friendly. The waitress (had an English accent or South African accent - too loud to tell) needed some learning on what a smile means and how to engage patrons. Maybe she was ill or something bad had happened recently in her life? I'm not sure but I like to see the best in people - however this service was beyond horrible. We ordered a drink and it never came either and I couldn't make a note of this because she only came twice to our table.Of course this place is a busy hopping place making it busy for all the employees but come on...an occasional smile and asking if we need anything would be great. She did a drive by drop off of the check and didn't even say anything.HORRIBLE SERVICE. That waitress needs to be FIRED. As a social chairperson of my department, we will no longer be going to NOPA any longer either though I may still invite out of town friends since the food and setup is so unique.The one thing that saved the brunch was Bi-Rite next door for ice cream!
Finally got to ventured to NOPA after a year of bookmarking this place. Thanks to using my LivingSocial coupon at Candybar, we ended up eating here afterward. I am glad it was around the corner because finding parking is always a nightmare for me in SF.We ordered:- Smoked Trout, Avocado Cream, Soft Cooked Egg, Radish and Purslane = overly salted but the smoked trout was still delicious. Refreshing appetizer.- Housemade Pappardelle, Lamb Sugo, Spinach and Sumac Breadcrumbs = portion size and serving was on point. Lamb was so tender and juicy! Love the light airy pappardelle.- Roasted King Salmon, Cranberry, Green Beans, Farro and Marinated Peppers = salmon cooked to perfection and farro sauce made the dish seem almost like Mediterranean style.Atmosphere, vibe, service and everything about NOPA was tremendous. This is the first restaurant in SF where I see high ceiling and second floor dining area. NOPA will be added to my lists of favorite restaurants to eat in SF!
We came by for lunch (for 6) around 1 and were told the wait would be until 2. Luckily they said they could text us when the table was ready and we live nearby, so the wait wouldn't be too bad. Also lucky, we got a text at 1:30, so the wait wasn't even that bad (from home).First the drinks were delicious. I don't remember exactly what we got, but everything was tasty and the beers were pretty good too. Next we got a large order of french toast for the table (2 large slices of bread, or 1 in the small order). The french toast was great! Nice and thick, moist bread covered in delicious toppings. Would definitely get it again. Almost everyone in our group ordered variations of the burger and we were all happy with the results. The burger looks a little small when it arrives, but between it and the french toast it was actually quite filling.Overall: Would DEFINITELY come here again (and order the french toast again). Plan on either waiting for 30+ minutes OR going to one of the great bars/stores nearby (I'm a fan of Bar 821 or Fly Bar) to spend my time waiting.
My five star rating is hard to come by.. Hands down this place earns it! Trout was so moist and delicious.. Flatbread so creamy and tasty, avocado toast so fresh and crispy! Highly recommend!
I wanted to try Nopa because it is another one of these farm-to-table restaurants that I am so fond of, serving local, seasonal, organic food. The venue is rather large with an upstairs mezzanine and a fire-pit where the cooks prepare the food. Being in the city, the crowd is hip and urban, mostly in their thirties. It is a good place for people watching. The bar scene is the spotlight with a long side table for people to eat appetizers and drink cocktails for a light meal or until their table is ready. The menu offers a lot of variety with a big emphasis on fresh produce, cheese, meats, etc. Many dishes are gluten-free, just make sure to mention it at reservation and to the waiter/waitress. We had the black cod and the pappardelle pasta which where both tasty and creative, but small in quantity. Make sure to order appetizers to fill you up, especially since there is no bread basket. The wine list if impressive with lots of good French wines (but so are the price tags!). Service was efficient and bold. The noise level is rather loud. I would go again, but I find the portions rather small for and price tags high, but again it is the city. I can find equally good places that are more affordable and generous near Berkeley/Oakland area.
Public Service Announcement: On Tuesday, there is no pork chop on the menu. Boo. Instead, they swap it out with something else.But: the pork chop is over-rated. It's good, but not great: yelp.com/biz_photos/nopaIt would be better if the outside were more charred, and if it had more of the great sauce that comes with it.The flat bread is very good: yelp.com/biz_photos/nopaBacon, figs, basil, and crescenza: awesome pungent flavor; texture-wise, it's, just stiff enough but not soggy or limp.The goat cheese bread pudding is small but great: yelp.com/biz_photos/nopaThe inside is like a very moist cake. Great goat cheese flavor.For dessert, the sopaipillas were the best part of the meal: yelp.com/biz_photos/nopaThey are a cross between a popover and a beignet. They were so good that they didn't need the burnt caramel dipping sauce, but that was amazing as well.The Old Fashioned cocktail is good: yelp.com/biz_photos/nopaIt's a very small glass with a very large ice cube, but still greatThe Dawn cocktail is very good: yelp.com/biz_photos/noparum with a nice sour/bitter structure behind it: Flor de caa 18 year rum, apricot liqueur, amaro, lemon: $10But skip the Haiku: The Whiskey falls flat without support from the other ingredients: yelp.com/biz_photos/nopaHibiki Japanese Whiskey, amaro montenegro, lemon juice: $11Here are the two cocktail menus:The first one has ingredients only from California: yelp.com/biz_photos/nopaAnd the main cocktail menu: yelp.com/biz_photos/nopaI also stopped by a while back for brunch:I tried the custard french toast: yelp.com/biz_photos/nopaIt is very good: it's soaked all the way through, without being soggy. Crispy on the outside. But, still not quite as good as the french toast at Butler & Chef Bistro.The bacon is good: yelp.com/biz_photos/nopaBut it's too salty, even for bacon.also: a block away is a Bi-Rite, if you want to get some awesome ice cream afterward.
Yummy, yummy, yummy food! We had the avocado toast and the asparagus for appetizers and the pork chop and smoked trout for dinner! It was all so delicious! If we had room for dessert we would have had that too! We had reservations. The server was great too!
Really loved this place. I said to my boyfriend at the end: "This is the epitome of a perfect San Franciscan restaurant."Why?1) Unpretentious, amazing service that wasn't in-your-face. The best service just *does* things before you realize you need it, so you don't even realize that they're so awesome until afterwards. 2) Relaxed atmosphere, but still a beautiful, gorgeously designed space. We got to sit upstairs and really had a great seat to watch all the bustle below.3) Delicious, local, creative food. We're taking a little staycation right now and wanted to make a big list of restaurants that we've been meaning to go to, but haven't yet in the four years I've lived here. NOPA topped that list and when I looked up reservations, someone had canceled for their 6:30pm the same night. Snagged! Boyfriend has been (still is) craving burgers, so we went for that and a bunch of the small dishes. I like it tapas style. Avocado toast was my favorite, mainly because it's made up of such unassuming ingredients that together created a delicious symphony of flavors. Another thing that stood out was that NOPA cooks their mushrooms SO WELL. Anyways, I don't feel like listing EVER single thing we got, so I'll leave it at that. Great food. We had a great time!
Excellent service + atmosphere. The food is ok, honestly it didn't blow me away. I will give it another chance as I really enjoyed the night. Great negroni!
I've been to this place twice. My first experience was okay, but our server was weird and not very polite and seemed in such a hurry, she did not want to be there. The food was good I won't lie, but a little overpriced and a drink recommended by the bar tender was the worst drink I've ever tried. Our second time was this past weekend and the service was again so bad that we just decide do leave. The ladies at the entrance have this attitude like they're doing you a huge favor by speaking to you. It is quite upsetting. I was so mad at their attitude, maybe because we look young (we are 25) and they think we won't say anything but it's not right the way they act with some costumer a and I say "some" because the older couple that arrive a few seconds after U.S. got a completely different tone of voice and was actually provided with information. I don't appreciate people being rude for no good reason, and I would much rather eat somewhere else where pretentiousness and a stock up hostess are not a thing. Not coming to this place again unless I know for sure the service will be decent. I'm not asking for over the top nice, just respectful. At least.
I don't think throwing another review into the mix is going to make much of a difference. 3404 reviews? WTF. But who cares if I do or don't. I choose to do! Yeah! We gallivanted over to NOPA after perusing the awesome Unionmade store - the folks that worked there highly suggested ordering the burger and pork chops. The people at Unionmade are pretty cool so I excitedly agreed to order those things.The cocktail I had was great. I forget the name of it - it had honey, lemon, ginger, gin...I know that's not very helpful. But if this is a preview of how good the rest of their cocktails are - I'm sold!Portion of the pork chops and burger were generous, flavors were excellent, everything was cooked perfectly. A very satisfying meal. The atmosphere here is very warm (yellow and brown hues and lights), inviting, and laid-back. Great first impression.The hostess was friendly and attentive. We had a 7:30pm reservation on Friday but arrived early. They seemed eager to move our reservation up and be helpful. We were seated at a nice table upstairs. There isn't a lot of space upstairs so it feels more private and romantic. Our table was wobbly but that's so minor compared to the good food and overall attentive service. I would definitely love to come back!
Wasn't impressed by their vegetarian main dish, but the appetizers were great, and I was told their chicken is one of the best.
First time here was late one night after seeing a show at the Regency Ballroom. We were starving. The cabbie who had picked us up took us on an insanely wild ride where we actually caught air (all four tires off the ground people) coming off a nearby hill... Bullitt Style. Only in a mini-SUV cab.Seriously.When he dropped us off he admonished us to "EAT THE PORK CHOP!"  *Clearly* this is a man who knows his shit...   so we did as we were told.  It was money. I dunno if we can ever top that experience.  Stay tuned.  In the meantime, eat the pork chop.
Wow!!!Called, said it was a 5 - 10 min. Wait.Took a cab got there, and said it was now an hour wait!!!"Bait and switch"Can't talk about the food, but to be deceived like that is just not good business.They get OnE sTaR for there bad service.
NOPA has been on my list of brunch-places-to-try ever since moving to SF, and I can happily say it lived up to the hype. Delicious food, friendly service, and great atmosphere.FOODThe burger is as MUST. And while you're at it, add cheddar and bacon. So juicy and full of awesome. I think it's one of my top burgers in the Bay so far. The fries on the side are also really good. Crispy but not overdone.The chili braised pork was also delicious - good flavor and portion size.Scrambled eggs with avocado toast was also great.SERVICEFriendly and unpretentious. Our waiter was really nice, accommodating and quick. Great ambiance overall.NOPA is still on my list of places to try, next time for dinner! Can't wait to come back!
3.5 StarsBrunch ReviewI've been wanting to try NOPA for a while now and finally got a chance to this past saturday for brunch. We got seated pretty quickly, very strange for a San Francisco brunch spot on Saturday. We started with the salad. Forgot which one it was but it had grapes, goat cheese, and walnuts. This was really good, with the grapes adding a nice sweet touch. We then got Linguica sausage with eggs. This was also pretty good as the eggs were perfectly poached and the gooey insides added to the bed of beans. The sausage itself was tasty. Here is where I knock it down half a star. The side of bacon...how can you go wrong with bacon??? It was a little overcooked (kinda burnt) and the flavor wasn't that great. I don't know, is it too hard for hot crispy bacon???It was good, but not on my shortlist to go back and try, unless its for the burger and the french toast, which I hear are really good!
I believe the hype, and the hype is NOPA. I came here with a couple of friends for brunch (classing it up in brunch-town AGAIN? My goodness I am out of control), and everything was spot-on. When it comes to breakfast, I typically swear by the greasy spoon, mom and pop diner. I still do of course, you can't go wrong, but if you're in the mood for a class act, head over here for a delicious breakfast. The menu is small and simple, making way for unique, interesting, and well-prepared dishes. Tough decision, but I got the ham & poached egg situation. It was glorious. Wonderful, high quality ham that was nothing but skimped. Perfectly poached eggs complemented by some kind of oaty base and topped with arugula. I also tried the bread pudding which was phenomenal. I'm not usually one for the pudding-persuasion, but it's laced with goat cheese, has the perfect consistency, and you pretty much have a savory-gasm when it's forked into your gob. By breakfast trade, I consider myself a mimosaphile. I have never been a member of the bloody mary club, (tomato juice gives me the skivvies) but at NOPA I vigorously sucked down TWO. Freakishly delicious, and they're garnished with BEETS. BEETS. What is this sorcery? I have no idea but it's damn tasty. A reservation is necessary - be a good adult and make one. On a more un-adult note, until my next visit I'll be dipping beets into tomato juice to tide myself over.
Extremely underwhelming experience at Nopa for brunch. Had the duck/pork sausage with ayocote beans and the dish was lacking depth and dimension. My boyfriend got a pork shoulder entree which was basically pork shoulder with salsa verde, Roma tomatoes, and peppers which was just meh. I could have made this at home and probably done it better; and I don't even cook. A long time fan now reconsidering his stance on Nopa. Maybe I should stop brunching here and give the dinner a try.
NOPA is designed and decorated beautifully. It's beautiful and "hip" (I suppose) without the pretentious attitude, or at least from what I've experienced the last few times I've gone. The drinks are great. The burger is insanely good! Definitely one of my favorite burgers in the city. I like to check out Bar Crudo's happy hour (tip: make sure you get there a little before happy hour starts because a line will start forming) before I head to NOPA for a full dinner.
What happened to nopa? Has been our go-to, hands-down favorite spot for years, and fortunately in our neighborhood too! Sadly tonight's visit was not the same. Apps and entrees $2-$3 more each than they used to be, and at a lower quality. Tasting plate gone, burger supposed to be medium-rare that was brown in the middle(!!), and smaller, over-cooked pork chop. Almond cake for dessert was bleh - even Palmyra has better almond cake, and for $4 less. Fries, flatbread, and wine quality still the same thank goodness. Higher prices are understandable these days if quality is maintained, but this has always been one of the best burgers in the city, and it was well below average tonight. Incredibly disappointed to say that we'll likely only be back for brunch.
Why the hype????Great ambience.. Good service but the food was just average with a big price on them. They severed 2 fried eggs with sauted veggies for $18??!! I waited for a good 1.5 months to get this reservation for brunch! Complete let down!
One chair stood between what should have been an excellent meal for my two friends and me. Rather, the lack of one chair, I should say. We dined on delicious food (we ordered the flatbread, gazpacho, poached duck egg, and duck entree) but the experience was marred by the fact that we had TWO chairs for THREE people. Our server brought us to our place at the community table, which was missing a chair, and assured that he would find one soon. Given that we had already waited an hour for the table, we did not want to turn down a coveted spot, so we sat and waited for him to come back with a chair. He came back an hour and a half later with the chair and conveniently, our bill. During this time, the three of us awkwardly switched seats between drinks, appetizers, and main courses so that no one had to stand and eat for a long time. To his credit, our server explained how the community table chairs were different than the other chairs in the restaurant, so he could not grab a chair from another table, and that the other patrons at the community table occupied the other chairs, so he could not acquire a chair for us until someone left. Apparently these chairs are almost as elusive as unicorns, as they could not find any spare chairs in the back. Consequently, our dining experience was uncomfortable, awkward, and just plain weird. Also weird? The amuse bouche, which was a strawberry cut into three pieces (not three strawberries) with Greek yogurt and salt. Is this a conspiracy? Despite the appearance of a booming business, Nopa is losing money and cannot afford chairs or whole strawberries! Oh no!
I've come here for brunch and dinner, both excellent experiences.DECOR: Very open, high wooden ceilings. A sense of grandeur as you walk in. (And then a sense of sadness, as you put your name down at 8pm on a Monday, and you're told that there's still an hour wait for your party of 3.)FOOD:Grilled flat iron steak, potatoes, jimmy nardello peppers and cucumber yogurt-- Delicious when cooked rare. I wasn't a fan of the cucumber yogurt, which I thought at first was the edges of a fried egg when the dish first came out, and then later thought it was a sour cream with a bit of horseradish kick. Either way, I thought the steak was just fine without this yogurt, and it was actually a detriment to the steak, since it took away all the delicious steak juices.Flatbread of spicy fennel sausage, cherry tomatoes, basil and mozzarella-- The flatbread could have been a meal in it of itself. Delicious sausage. Overall, not very heavy, and I didn't feel weighed down from this.Pork chop, broccoli di ciccio, mini charm tomatoes, and toasted quinoa-- T-bone excellence. The meat was so tender and juicy, possibly the best I've had in a while.
Hands down the best piece of pork I have ever had in my life. And yes that includes the bomb roasted pork that you eat at Asian wedding ceremonies. There was just something about it that makes it stand out against the rest. My friend got the duck. That was good too, but I'll stick with my pork. Oh and they're very accommodating here. I had to change my reservation 2-3 times because of a delayed flight, and they kept pushing it back for me. Very nice, and I don't think many places would do that.
It does live up to its hype. Service, food, and ambiance -- impeccable.- Flat Bread: Yes, We did order this because we saw it on the Food Network. But, it was quite tasty. A large order. Similar to other reviews, a tad bit more bacon would have been nice. Because, you always need more bacon.- Burger: Delish. Nice. Executed well. Very hearty and high quality products are used here.- Pork Chop: Nice crust, well cooked, super juicy.The food here was well executed, and overall, delicious. The hype is appropriate, because it is very good. I would go back here again, but of course, definitely make a reservation. It was lovely that we had one, and simply walked right on in, and passed all those waiting.
Took us forever to get reservations here which is the only reason I am giving it 4 stars. However, the food was good! Nice restaurant...
I was disappointed with the food at Nopa. I got chicken which was good but it was simply chicken. My mom got fish and it was bland. For the price I was expecting more. I did try the pork chop and that was great.
What can be said that 3000 other people havent said already.I writ this view to applaud the place because, despite being an hour and a half late for our reservation, and they still held it. There was no wait, we zipped right up to our seat.
Haven't made it here for a real meal yet, but they're great for a dessert and a nightcap! The SUNSHINE FIX is the best drink ever. Their chocolate tart is super rich and decadent (as it should be). The sopaipillas light and fluffy. The crumble was a letdown though -- they completely missed the streusel part (my favorite)!Food looks good. Must come back. So packed all the time, but you can grab seats at the bar for sure.
I can't believe I didn't update it! 5 stars by far. Have been back too many times.Must try-grass fed burgerOff menu fav drink-Aston MartinFlatbreadOlivesPork tenderloinI could go on for days. Excellent service. Staff has great knowledge of all wine and good!
The burger hype lives up to expectation!Yes, everyone talks about Nopa's grass fed burger...and let me tell you, there's a perfectly valid reason. And even if you are not a "medium-rare" fan, it is well worth asking for a medium rare burger at Nopa. It might even convert you because it's that good! I was once a skeptic of anything cooked less than medium, but the Nopa burger changed me. Plump, juicy, flavorful, and HUGE. No need for all the fancy tricks and toppings because the patty is perfection.Aside from the burger, the appetizers are also delicious, and the drinks are stiff but yummy. Plus I love the vibe with the lofty feel and high ceilings.You might want to start making reservations...that's the biggest challenge.
My friend and I wanted to see if it lived up to the hype. It didn't. We tried to make a reservation the day before, but the place was booked. We came in around 6:30pm on a Saturday and trolled the long table by the bar for a seat. Luckily, we made friends with a regular who was sitting alone, then squeezed in shortly thereafter. The place was really busy, and the wait staff seemed stressed. They weren't rude or brusque, but definitely overworked. The long table by the bar is kind of awkward: everyone glances at each other without making eye contact or conversation. A man eating alone who claimed to be a regular helped us order, and he talked to us throughout our meal. The three of us had:Toasted Quinoa, Smoked Trout, Mushrooms, Almonds and Pickled Cherries 13Grilled Bread, Avocado, Capers, Kalamata Olives and Shaved Pantaleo 11French Fries and Herbed Aoli 6Pea Soup 6The soup was delicious, as was the quinoa/trout. The grilled bread and avocado was subpar for eleven dollars, and the french fries were terrible (they were cold?). It took about fifteen minutes for the meal to come out, and we all had water and bread while we waited. The decor is modern with high ceilings. The crowd is professional, most people in their thirties and forties. I'm not sure if we will come back, because there are a lot of other options in the city. However, because it's so close to my friend's apartment, we might end up taking a guest here on their dime :) Although, I would only come if I had a reservation. Tip: Request a booth when you make your reservation.
FANTASTIC. Rustic, farm to table, fabulous food. We had the whole drinks, appetizers, and meals for brunch and most of what we bit or sipped will be remembered for months. All that you order will be good. We actually thought appetizers were better than the main dishes, especially the yogurt and the bread pudding. Only thing we would not recommend that didn't have a kick as the others did was the oven baked egg. If I ever come back to SF, this will be the first place I will make reservations for.
So good! We didn't have reservations but we arrived at 10:30am and were able to be seated by 11:30am. They sat us overlooking the kitchen, which we loved! The service and the food was great! I would definitely come back again!
The drink list was great and they can also make you anything they had in the past on their menus too. The pork chop was massive (I got it med rare) and I barely finished half of it. The salmon was very good and also the duck was a great choice too. A lot of people got the burger, but I'm not sure if that was a great idea. Toast quinoa (with mushrooms, trout, and almonds) was really good, french fries were really good but maybe unnecessary, and warm goat cheese with strawberries was also very good.
I had to book this reservation a solid month in advance so maybe my expectations were too high. The service and food were all very good... just not super amazing like I was expecting. It took an exceptionally long time for our entrees to arrive. I had the King Salmon, which was cooked perfectly. Others were happy with their entrees too, but agreed that we didn't fully understand what the fuss was about. Solid dining experience, but I'll try other restaurants before coming back.
Food was very flavorful and well seasoned. And the service was really good! My only complaint (which is a tiny one)... is that the fries were a little too salty.I had the grass-fed hamburger with cheddar cheese (came with side of french fries), french toast, and chorizo with poached eggs. Everything was overall very good. The food is prepared and presented well, and with noticeably high-quality ingredients.If you want to come here, I suggest making a reservation. It's that or have a fight to the death with people for a bar seat... : o
Let's just say the food here is amazing!!! Must try is the duck, which is probably the best I've ever had!! Black cod with Indian woman beans(lol) has great flavor to it. Fried asparagus and flat bread was loved by my friends but if you aren't into fried and cheesy foods this can be skipped. The carrot cake completed one of the best dinners I've had.
Went here for brunch this past weekend. Not sure what all the rave is about but my hubby and I certainly didn't think it lived up to the hype. The highlight of our meal was the mocha and hot chocolate. Their homemade chocolate concoction was ohhh so heavenly. Mixed with Blue Bottle coffee and it was pure delight at every sip. The French toast just okay. It was crunchy outside and soft inside as it should be. But, the inside was too wet/soggy. This shouldn't happen if the bread was left out long enough to absorb fluids. The peach compote and maple syrup was good and not too sweet which I can appreciate.The wood grilled pork shoulder with greens, bread, salsa verde and poched egg was a total disappointment. We hardly touched it as it was too salty and just not tasty at all. Told my husband to return it to the server as they might've accidentally poured too much salt while cooking it but he didn't want to--weary they'd spit on our food if we ordered other things. *Sigh!*
My family was in town and I thought I'd take them out to this pretty nice place. I made reservations two days in advance for a pretty late time, because we were't sure what time they would be in the city. The great thing about this place is that they are always open late, we're talking until 1am on the weekends. We arrived a little bit early and decided to check out the local bars and Alamo Square right before out reservation. Parking will be the biggest hassle as there are limited street parking. We checked in about an hour early and decided to hang out at the bar while we wait for our table to open up. The bar itself was packed, and without any seats available, it was pretty annoying standing because of the constant foot traffic. The service at the bar was good, but the prices definitely steep, but it should have been expected.Appetizers:Little fried fish - was fantastic. Lightly fried, not too salty, not too fishy. The harissa aioli was a miss though as it wasn't flavorful, more on the bland side. It could use a little more work on the tanginess. Poached duck egg - Definitely good. The vegetables were fresh and in season, so were great, especially the Broccoli Di Ciccio. The egg itself was great, the texture was simple and the yolk wasn't overwhelming. I can say it probably takes skill to retain a solid beautiful shape.Main:I had the Pork Chop. I don't need to review this, as hundreds already have, and they are all spot on. Fantastic, perfectly cooked, not what you'd expect from a pork chop.Family had the Moroccan Vegetable Tagine, Rotisserie Herbed Chicken, and Housemade Pappardelle. They all couldn't stop raving about their food and tried each others. I stuck to mine so I don't confuse my palate. Everything looked terrific and the presentation added to the expectations which were met. Dessert:I had the crumble and I can't remember what the others had, though I did try them. My only gripe was that the crumble came out piping hot and almost burned the roof of my mouth, and you wouldn't have expected because there was no indication of steam/heat coming from it. Even the ice cream seemed intact with little to no melting. Thank God for cold water and the ice cream to help dissipate the initial immense heat in my mouth. The service was great, very attentive and courteous. We left around 10:30pm and it was still packed and buzzing. If you want an up-to-date menu, head on over to their website, the menu on yelp is not correct. Their menu changes with the seasons. There's definitely value at NOPA, when the bill arrived, it was a lot less than what I had expected for a dinner for 4. I'd normally pay the same for a dinner for two.
I came here for breakfast with 2 of my friends. The location is challenging for parking. The venue, though, is really modern. I loved the open kitchen smack in the middle of the restaurant. The staff were super friendly and never missed a beat. Their food was prepared perfectly and tasted like heaven. Nothing disappointing here. This place is casual but the prices are fancy. But every penny is worth it. I can't wait to come here again!
It was pretty good but classic, heavy brunch food. The Bloody Mary's are great though!
I came with very high expectations given the immense popularity on Yelp, but I left slightly underwhelmed.The country pork chop was good, but I would still choose a steak over it any day. The grass fed hamburger was unmemorable. I literally forgot what it tasted like as I write this review. Probably not the best sign. I did, however, really like the flatbread with bacon, artichokes, caramelized onions and gruyere. Can't really argue against bacon.Service was great and they even gave us a tasting of the goat cheese crostini. Definitely not a bad place to go for drinks. Reservations highly recommended.3.5 stars rounded up!
First time at Nopa and it was great. The decor was nice. The staff were super attentive and helpful. I had the burger with bacon and gruyre. Perfect with the pickled onions and aoli. I asked for it rare and it came rare. Hate it when places over cook my food. The burger had a nice clean sear and was bloody in the middle, just the way I like it. My wife has had stomach surgery and cannot eat a lot of food so she was able to order the salad as an entree. Mid meal we stepped out side for fresh air and they didn't clear our table because they knew we weren't finished. They refolded our napkins and refilled our drinks. Overall it was great and the pricing was very reasonable. I'll be back.
This review is for the "Weekend in San Francisco" types. I wanna be that person, but SF is too far from me. If you happen to get off a plane (bus, bike, etc) kind of late in the evening but are still wanting to grab some dinner, I would highly recommend NOPA. At 11:45, I thought my night was dunzo and I'd have to settle for a greasy pizza. No way, this is SF, there had to be some great late night dinner. This is a verrrrrry popular place, I could tell. We were supposed to have a 45 minute wait, but one drink at the bar and they took us to our seats 30 minutes ahead of schedule. I'm sure a lot of people get overwhelmed by the crowd and bolt... But hey, for once sticking through till the end worked! The food - hit the spot! They ran out of halibut, but had a great salmon to replace it. The burger I think is a staple here. Very juicy and good. Don't get me started on the wine..... A few of my friends that live in that neighborhood couldn't believe we ate there -- everyone's been talking about it. I can see why.
We arrived at nopa around 10:45 and got a seat right for 11am. We had a cocktail and a coffee at the bar. We ordered an over baked eggs, French toasts, a burger and braised pork. It took sometime before we got the food but everything was delicious. I also ordered a glass of wine that was really good. Nopa is a great place for brunch, it's not to loud and the crowd is fun. I will definitely come back
I've lost count of how many times I have been to this place. I've heard some lukewarm reviews from others but I have never experienced anything but the best. The food is really just always perfect and the chef's counter is the best seat in the house. Make your reservation way in advance or show up at 10:30 pm and go to the bar until you get the table you want. BUT do not expect to be seated at a table for dinner unless you have a reservation. People whine about this all the time.
Speechless!This is definitely a must try restaurant in San Francisco. Came here on a Saturday night after snatching a reservation. The ambiance of the restaurant is superb, showing off its classy and modern interior. There is a downstairs and an upstairs seating. FOOD:Grass Fed Hamburger: Terrific, juicy, and well flavored. We ordered this for as an appetizer since everyone around us literally had this dish. It is served on a crisp sweet bun, with sharp cheddar. Grilled Pork Chop: MMMmm! Bacon... Juiciest pork chop I've had so far! The dish comes with sprouts, carrots, apples, and mustard.Roasted Duck Breast: Melt in your mouth! The meat was amazingly tender. It came with kabocha squash and Maitake mushrooms. DESSERT:Cookie Plater: This dessert brought back child hood memories of cookies and milk. There was a wider variety of cookie selections all of which were baked well!SERVICE: Amazing service. The waiter was attentive and stopped by throughout the dinner service to check up on us. Additionally, the waiter was knowledgeable about the food and the wines there! Thanks for the suggestions!Overall, I am definitely placing this on my list of best restaurants in SF!
Had dinner here on a Monday night. Ok so we got here at 5pm, but did not know that dinner was not served until 6pm. Already people were waiting at the Bar, everyone had put their names on the waiting list. By the time it was 6pm, the host did not sit us until 6:15pm. We quickly ordered, by then the entire restaurant was filled. Bar area also got filled up. It was so loud in the restaurant. But I loved the look of the restaurant. Service was long and the server was not really attentive, but I think it was more because he got slammed with seating all at once. Ok so, I gave it only 3 stars mainly because of the service. Food was ok, but nothing to brag over. But maybe because I haven't tried the pork chop and their burger that everyone is raving about. I will be back to try that one day. Here are the details of my dinner: Bar SnacksSpicy Fennel Sausage, Beans and Aoli 4 (this was ok)Salmon tartar (this was good)Dinner:Housemade Pappardelle, Nine Hour Bolognese, Peppers, Squash and Parmesan 21 (loved the fresh pappardelle, the sauce was good too. Very comforting dish)
If u don't have reservations, be prepared to fight for a seat. And if you take a spot someone else was eyeing the hostess will get involved when they are not supposed to. Opens for walk-ins at 10:30am. Amazing food!!
Nopa never ceases to amaze! My boyfriend and I go here just for the Country Pork Chop and Grass Fed Hamburger. The Pork Chop comes with vegetables or fruits that vary depending on the season. We've had it with Brussels Sprouts before and recently with peaches. This dish is juicy and tender despite it being a thick cut. Best Pork Chop ever! We ordered the Grass Fed Hamburger with bacon and Gruyere cheese. Wow, this burger is melt in your mouth delicious. The bun is sweet and toasted just right. The beef is juicy but surprisingly did not make the burger soggy. Devoured in just a few bites. The fries are crispy and go well with the aioli. Definitely coming back to try other dishes and dessert.Reservations are recommended although you can arrive at 5pm when the restaurant opens to sit at the communal table, bar, or wait for a table to open up.
Almost every dish is excellent, but.... What happened to the burger? This USED to be one of the very best burgers in SF, but the meat has changed, and it is no longer the succulent deliciousness that I tried in the past.All other dishes have been amazing (honestly, there isn't a bad choice), perfect service, wonderful cocktails and great atmosphere. I just struggle to hide my disappointment in the burger.
Been here twice and yet to be disappointed. The first time I came with some co-workers and had the fish stew. I loved my dish and my colleagues were equally impressed with theirs. I brought my best friend a few nights ago and I was afraid it wasn't going to be as good as the first time, some places rarely are, but I was quite surprised. We tried the fish stew again as well as the rabbit liver mouse and roasted rabbit loin. Wow. First time tasting rabbit but it was delicious. I hope my thrid experience will be equally as satisfying.
Wow. Loved every single dish here.The avocado salad with the marinated cucumbers, pickled beets, radish and salmon roe was an amazing combination of flavor and texture. I just couldn't get enough! I have also never had such amazing calamari -- it was super soft and tender with the right amount of chewiness, paired with the ink sauce and whatever nuts were used also created an amazing balance of flavor and texture (can you tell that I really like having those kind of combos in my food?). The duck leg and pork chop were both super juicy and delicious. It's making my mouth water just thinking about it right now...
One of my favorite places in the city! Definitely get here on the regFantastic food and atmosphere
***For Weekend Brunch only***I made reservations ahead of time which is highly recommended, otherwise, the wait to get in might be a challenge if you walked in for their weekend brunch. I know when I'm hungry I want to eat right away or somebody might get hurt a little, haha. They managed their tables well and got us in right on time - impressive! I ordered:* Butter Basted Farm Eggs - Eggplant, Soft Polenta and Basil (ooo, yummm, loved the combination of flavors with just the right balance, warm and comforting, proportioned perfectly) * Custard French Toast - Mutsu Apples and Maple Butter (we shared a small order and oh wow, this hits all your taste buds in all the right ways - you must order this!)* Oven Baked Farm Egg - Smoked Tomato, Pantaleo and Toast (my friend got this and it looked scrumptious-good)* Blue Bottle coffee in a carafe (with cream and sugar, mmmm, I was hopping - in a good way!)Service was good and checked in on us consistently and nicely, and we were able to chat without feeling rushed at all. I will be back for brunch and I can't wait to come back for dinner soon too!
Came here on a Saturday night at 9:40pm, thinking there will probably be seats available for 2 for dinner. Boy was I wrong! Wait was still 1.5 hours. Since there wasn't much around and we didn't want to drive and repark our car, we decided to wait it out. They have a giant open table for seating if you can get a spot, and bar seats that are first come first serve. Place was super packed and busy. We managed to score 2 seats at the bar within 15 minutes.I am still amazed at our bartender and his ability to take orders, remember them, make drinks, even drinks off the menu when he was about 3-4 orders backed ordered because of the sheer number of people at the bar. To drink I got the Liquid Sword. When it came out, it looked like straight tequila. But when I tasted it, it was a pretty good drink. To eat, I got the Warm Goat Cheese, Blackberries, Plums and Crostini. I think they ran out of blackberries, because I got raspberries instead. Which is a shame, because I don't eat raspberries. Regardless of the fruit change, the goat cheese was DECLICIOUS! Another dish I got was the bacon flatbread. It was a little too burnt and blacken for my taste, but still decent. I left at 11:30pm and the place still had a lot of people. I would come here again to try their grass fed burger and other dishes in the future.
Had a phenomenal dinner here last weekend - we had appetizers, an entree, and dessert. Also tried three drinks between the two of us. The corn ravioli with mushrooms was savory - not too doughy, and not oversalted. I could've had a lot more of it!!!The toasted quinoa with smoked trout and mushrooms was pretty tasty - I liked the nutty flavor that the quinoa had. I was surprised by how much smoked trout tasted like smoked salmon.We had the country pork chop, recommended by several of our friends and fellow Yelpers. It had been brined and grilled to perfection. We were almost too full for dessert, but thanks to a preview from another table we decided to go for the vanilla bean pot with blackberries and lavender rosemary cookies. It was so creamy yet light - and a great combination of tart, smooth, sweet, and crunch - iness.The menu changes frequently at Nopa so not sure how long they'll have these specific dishes available but if not, I'd recommend just asking your server what s/he thinks is great (which is what we did, and we ended up having a great meal!). Our server was awesome - very helpful and clearly had great recommendations.Great for a classy date, or a special celebration - very hard to get reservations though - call much in advance.
First time here with my sister and mother, which we have been trying to get reservations for awhile now. Finally got one today, so it was deemed the belated Mothers' Day dinner. We arrived 20 minutes earlier than our reservation, but was seated within 3 minutes of arriving. We got to sit upstairs, which was quieter than the seats downstairs near the bar. The waiter was really soft-spoken, so a bit hard to hear him many of the times, but gave us a recommendation of the wine that my sister and I enjoyed -- $24 baby bottle for the two of us. My mother had the strawberry cava cocktail, which was a little on the stronger-tasting side for me. The entrees took awhile to come, but while waiting for our appetizer, our waiter brought three slices of cucumber with goat cheese on it. For once, I enjoyed goat cheese -- the taste wasn't as strong as many I have tried previously in life. My mom ordered the rice soup, which was really oily and salty, so we weren't a big fan of it, but I did enjoy chewing on little grains of rice. My sister had the salmon -- amazing creamy sauce, my mom had the grass-fed burger -- super juicy and flavorful; fries were a little bit too salty, but ok, and I had the porkchop -- a big piece of porkchop, cooked perfectly! Tender and flavorful! My family was a big fan of the porkchop, but it was so big that I couldn't finish so I get to bring it home for leftovers tomorrow! We also had a side order of the grilled broccoli, which I also really liked, but they were cut so big that it was super filling when I finished the entire plate at the end. We enjoyed our visit and do want to come back in the future if we can get a reservation!
Loved it. Good vibe. Excellent burger. Dined solo at the bar while visiting. Would love to go back and try more. Bartenders were excellent.
NOPA! One of my favorite restaurants in SF, stopped by after a long time since I am not a SF resident anymore and I wasn't surprised at all, it is still just as great as it always has been. Food was out of this world and service was impeccable!
Cream Biscuit - a rich and flavorful version of the biscuit...one of the better ones I've had in the city.Custard French Toast - this was very good - a rich and custard-textured version of French toast that was decadent and filling. Burger - absolutely amazing! A quality and perfectly-seasoned portion of beef with quality toppings all in a decadent and almost buttery bread...one of the best burgers in the city.Nopa is definitely worth all the hype...it's a total scene and it feels great being inside such a lively restaurant. The service was very good and it made for an fantastic experience.
Came here once for brunch in Sept 2013 and more recently for dinner. We had reservations both times (though by pure luck, we were able to snag the 8pm dinner reservation on the same day).If you're coming to the restaurant for a special reason, I recommend dinner over brunch, as the menu selection is larger and much tastier. Also, I liked the ambiance a lot more at night. If you just have the money to come here regularly though, both menus are still great, though I personally wouldn't return for brunch as that was very much a "one and done" sort of experience. We sat in the middle booths on the first level for brunch (which was nice, you felt the energy of the restaurant and you could still easily talk to your friends without shouting) and I sat on the upper level for dinner (which is quieter and I loved at night, because the restaurant has a beautiful layout with perfect lighting cast on the first level that you wouldn't have seen if you didn't sit on the second level).For dinner we shared a pork loin (soooo good, roasted to perfection), and shared a number of starters: little gem salad (pretty basic), avocado toast (astounding), mussels (also delicious), lamb tartare (tastes like every other steak/lamb tartare ie. good but expensive) and a shortcake with basil ice cream for dessert (SOOO good).Service was very friendly, especially since we unintentionally sat for three hours at dinner. Our bill+tip came out to around $180. I definitely want to come back for dinner.
Amazing pork. Huge portions. Salad and flatbread appetizers were excellent. Great service. The pappardelle pasta was a tad overcooked but the sauce was quite tasty. The steak was just a bit tough/chewy (for medium rare) but had good flavour.This restaurant is crazy busy so make sure you get a reservation if you're interested in going. Don't be surprised if you get a seating time for after 9pm, regardless of the number in your party. Also, get your numbers straight, don't try to add an extra person at the last minute. That won't fly around here.
I'd heard fantastic things about NOPA for years, but had never come because they book reservations weeks in advance and let's face it, I'm not that on top of things. Then I heard a magical, magical thing. NOPA seats walk-ins at the bar or "community table"! And so, on a Sunday morning, I arrived at 11am, asked the hostess to place our names on their chart, and 10 minutes later my friend and I were seated at a large wooden "community table" with approximately 10 other people. NO FEAR. This table is enormous. There may be no physical divide between you and your neighbor, but I actually felt that it was quite intimate and not at all crowded.Then came the hard part - deciding what to eat! When everything looks so good it's a real dilemma (First World Problems, right?!). We ended up getting:* Butter Basted Farm Eggs with Roasted Artichokes, Leeks, Dill, English Peas, Tomato, and Crispy Polenta. The polenta was AMAZING. Like heaven with crispy edges. Yes, I realize that sentence made no sense. [$14]* Custard French Toast (1) with Lavender Honey Glazed Strawberries and Lemon Butter. Need I say more? CUSTARD French Toast. Obviously the best thing in the world. [$7]* House Smoked Bacon. Because what is brunch without bacon? [$4]* Mimosas. Not on the menu, but they make them and they make them well. That's some good champagne. [$9]* Ramos Gin Fizz with egg whites and other craziness. I still don't know what to make of this drink. Delicious and bizarre all in one. [$11]Overall an amazing brunch from the ease at which we were seated to the deliciousness of the meal.
I've now been to this restaurant twice, and each time it has reached and then exceeded expectations. There is a reason this place is ranked #1 on so many "must try" San Francisco food blogs and city guides. The daily changing menu never disappoints, with an awesome and interesting assortment of farm to table dishes that take you on a taste adventure. (I recommend going with people who just want to do family style, so you can order more and try everything). The wine+cocktail lists are exceptional. The service is outstanding. Without being intrusive or disruptive, plates are flawlessly removed and replaced. The servers are nice and knowledgable. And, though it is certainly up-scale, it isn't overpriced or pretentious. Easily one of the best restaurants I've ever been to.
With over 3,000 reviews, what hasn't been said about NOPA? Great atmosphere, good food and excellent servers. Great place to celebrate a birthday, job promotion or any special occasion. You can't go wrong with the pork chop and burger. That's what they're known for and should be included on any order. Excellent wine selection with half bottle options also. Will definitely be back..thanks NOPA!
So we waited 45 min to get our food but it was understandable since it's the weekend. They still gave us a sticky bun to apologize. Service was really great; never felt rushed and they were attentive. Had the eggs, pastrami and cabbage which was a good portion and tasty.
How the hell did NOPA get the eggs to be so damn soft and fluffy??Came for brunch, and while I went for the Custard French Toast, the Soft Scrambled Eggs was definitely my favorite that I've tried. It is so damn soft and fluffy! The gruyere and herbs really bring the eggs to a whole new level. There's also avocado so you can make it creamier. Potatoes are a nice break in terms of texture.The French Toast was very rich. It is topped with honey lemon butter (lots of butter) and some strawberries, and I barely even finished my half order. It's a thick piece of French Toast, thanks to the custard they dip it in before they cook it.Also tried the Oven Baked Farm Egg, which had an egg, roasted cherry tomatoes, panna, and pecorino. It is served with toasts it is one rich dish as well. Good appetizer to share.Good place for brunch, but they do take quite awhile. Service is a bit slow too, and also, no refills. Not even iced tea.
The French toast really is that good. If you only get one brunch in SF, this is the place to go.Ambience is airy and light, with a farm-to-table atmosphere. Cocktails are fresh and delicious.In addition to the French toast, I recommend the Butter Basted Duck Eggs - Braised Duck, Corn Cream, Broccoli di Ciccio and Crispy Potatoes.If you require a child's seat, make sure to specify that in the reservation. This place is packed on the weekends and they can't accommodate extra people. Also, the service is rather slow, especially when it comes to cocktails. But, it's worth it.Take a walk and see the painted ladies (from Full House) nearby. You can hang out in the park while you digest, then go get ice cream.
Yum breakfast !  Good casual ambiance for weekend brunch. We got hooked to house made hot sauce :p . Recommend- scramble eggs with veggies , smoked trout .
I went here for brunch and it was fabulous. It is worth mentioning that they accept reservations for brunch which is awesome. The service was fabulous and the waiters were attentive yet not overbearing. Everything was really wonderful. We ordered biscuits, the pork shoulder, butter eggs and a custard French toast for the table. The custard French toast is a must order. The portions were quite small which is the only reason for the 4 and not 5 stars.
Came back and rating only the food! not going to say anything about the ladies in the front. Rotisserie chicken: so good! you can see the herb stuffed under the chicken skin...and the skin is so crispyPappardelle: this is my favorite kind of pasta, so my review is biased. This is a tasty dish and if I come back, it'd be a hard pick between this dish, the chicken, pork chops, and Moroccan tagine. Goat cheese: it's good. warm. large portion for for two. I don't think I'd order it again, but I'm glad I tried it.Broccoli sides: the bet broccoli you'll have in your life! When the waiter bought it out I wasn't impressed, but after a bite, I was blown away. The flavor was incredible. It was smoky and had a lemony kick.
I finally got to try this place, and i was definitely pleased. We started with the warm goat cheese and the flat bread appetizers. i highly highly recommend the warm goat cheese, i can eat that by the tub (although i'd probably get sick afterwards, but it'd still be worth it.) the flatbread was good too, but not as good as the goat cheese.for the entree, i got their housemade pappardelle which was awesome. i wanted to order their burger, but being that it was a business dinner i didn't want to get judgmental eyes. i saw that they had rabbit in one of the yelp photos?! but alas, there was no rabbit on the menu.i also got two cocktails - the choke hold and death before sunset.death before sunset lives up to its name. i ordered it without knowing what was it in, it's BLACK LIQUORICE, and i hate liquorice so i was really near death after finishing it. (i dont waste alcohol..)
We had dinner here and it was one of those meals where everything we ordered, we had the rest of the table try. And when you watch your friends' eyes widen with each shared bite, you're happy because everyone's happy and enjoying themselves. Everything was delicious, the staff was helpful and attentive, and though it was a bit pricey, it was definitely worth it.The Lowland Dram cocktail was SO good (Glenkinchie and All Spice in a cocktail?! Brilliant!) Also, the Armenian tea at the end of the meal sealed the deal for me.
Warm goat cheese with crostini, Lamb tartar, burger and chocolate walnut vanilla bean ice cream sandwich!!!! Wish i lived in SF because I could not get enough of their warm goat cheese with peaches, strawberries and crostini - so simple, yet so good. The lamb tar tar, drool, isn't gamy at all, couldn't really tell that it was lamb. Their burger is a must! Big fat juicy grass fed beef patty (med rare is the way to go) with thick pieces of bacon and their mint basil aioli...salivating just reminiscing about it. Then top it off with their house made ice cream cookie make with chocolate chip walnut cookie and vanilla bean ice cream with almond milk. Though it would have been better if the cookie wasn't so hard, delish nonetheless.
After wanting to try this place out for the longest time, we finally made it out to Nopa.We love, love, looooved the atmosphere, the drinks, the quality of the food and everything every yelper here raves about.Our favorite items on the menu were the appetizers such as the smoked trout and from the bar menu, really every drink we ordered was exceptionally mixed. The Moroccan tagine was very fresh and my husband's burger was also nice.The only thing I didn't quite like is that they took forever and a day to have us seated at out table and even longer to get our food to us. Note: 45mins-1 hour to get your food is pretty typical and our waitress confirmed that. Just keep the wait in mind and accept it...then you'll enjoy Nopa!
Ok, I'm officially obsessed. I've heard about Nopa for years. I know they're always packed. I know they have the best pork chop in San Francisco. I know you have to make your reservation the day they open a month in advance of when you want to go if you want something other than the 10:45pm dinner slot. I get it. That's why I always put off eating here. But I moved 4 blocks away, got on opentable right at that one month window, and have now enjoyed a dinner and a brunch here and cannot believe I waited this long!So pork chops aren't really things I order too frequently at restaurants, but I obviously had to try Nopa's, and OMG, it is truly a divine experience. Thick, juicy, flavorful. It is cooked perfectly, and they change up the menu all the time so you're getting different sauces/veggies based on what's in season. Way to go Nopa, you've found a way to ensure I constantly order nothing but the pork chop every time I come back and I'm not even that obsessed with pork unless it's in the form of bacon. So aside from the pork chop everything else was delicious as well. For dinner we started with the avocado toast appetizer. So good. And the other entree we got was the duck breast. Such large portions! Such delicious meat! We also got a side of fries which was too much food and sadly had to leave some behind. Le sigh. But obviously we weren't too full for dessert and had a lovely lemon tart that had large sections of lemon baked into it, which I know are totally edible, but not really my thing, so that was my only letdown of the meal. Blue bottle coffee served in a french press with dessert seemed to please the only coffee drinker at the table (sorry I can't speak to it since I don't drink the stuff). For brunch, I was again wowed by our meal. We shared a breakfast sausage that came with brussels sprouts, potatoes, poached eggs, and a nice aioli. We also ordered a pulled pork and polenta dish. Both were hearty, savory, and everything I want in a breakfast. But then we went a little wild and got a slice of french toast to enjoy as our "dessert". WOW. I don't usually order french toast, pancakes, waffles, etc. at breakfast b/c I'm all about the eggs and bacon, but this was a custard french toast and it was so decadent. I honestly could eat a slice of that stuff every day for the rest of my life and be so happy. It's a little rich. A little intense. I get that. But I love it. Candied citrus, homemade butter, and a little side of maple syrup (which you totally don't need b/c you lose the integrity of the great sweetness and flavor it already offers). So basically I'm now obsessed with Nopa. The waitstaff is always very friendly, despite the crowds, and every night I happen to be out past 11 or 12 walking by on my way home, I'm astounded that it's still packed! Do yourself a favor and come here for any meal of the day as often as you can. Just don't come when I'm trying to get reservations.
Get the baked egg starter during brunch. FREAKIN AMAZING. The broth the egg sat in had bacon, mushrooms and TONS OF FLAVOR. The blueberry french toast is also dericious but just get hte half order unless you're trying to get fat
I miss SF. I don't miss it for the people, or shopping, or sights. I miss it for the food, and NOPA is one of the reasons why! There are some great eats down in SoCal, but the intensity and experimentation of foods up in SF is definitely close to NY and it's more boutique vibe. Anyways, NOPA is simply lovely and like other restaurants, it has a few great dishes and other solid filler dishes. The pork chop at NOPA is one of the best i've ever had. I'm pretty sure it's cooked sous vide which is why it's so juicy and tender. I was thoroughly disappointed I having had to share it with two of my friends. The meat fell off the bone and into my mouth where it was very much enjoyed!The salmon was good, but definitely not amazing. It was cooked perfectly but it wasn't anything special. In it's defense, i'm personally not a huge fan of eating Salmon at a restaurant. I'm weird like that.The albacore was good and a bit of an acquired taste. It didn't make enough of an impact for me to remember much about it but I think i'd order it again just to refresh my memory on the dish.For dessert we ordered the sopapillas.. HEAVENLY. They came hot out of the fryer sprinkled with some sugar and cinnamon and a side of chocolate syrup. For something so simple, it's one of the best desserts i've ever had. Once again, I was slightly devastated having had to share the dish with my two friends.While the food was great, the waiter we had was a delight. He was great at suggesting dishes as well as chatting with us about our insane dedication to food. He was a pure joy to have met and without him our experience would have been less memorable.NOPA, you have made it to my list of must visits next time i'm up in SF.
Got a Treatful gift for my brother for his visit here and didn't really pay attention to the exact price point, so my brother and I went in ready to blow $100 on a late night dinner without realizing that there was no way we could finish $100 worth of food here. But, we got to try a bunch of different dishes, which were all amazing, from the toasted quinoa to the flatbread and rabbit. This was probably the first time that I had that much rabbit, and I can't say that I'm a huge fan of the texture of it, but the flavors were delicious.The highlights of the meal for me were the flatbread, the toasted quinoa and the pork chop. I didn't understand how a pork chop could be so good according to all the reviews, but it was. It really was. We packed up tons of food to go after the meal and were stuffed happily. When we forgot our packed food due to our food coma, they gave us a prompt call letting us know that it was at the front desk waiting for us if we were still in the area. That is awesome.
For the length of the wait, I would have expected the food to be better. The appetizers were good and may have been the better part of the meal. We had the chicken and the strip steak. I thought the chicken was dry. It was seasonsed well, but the juices were just not there. The steak, NY strip, I found to be tough as well. I really had to work my knife to cut through. I also found it extremely grisley. when I was done, it looked as if the steak was only half eaten. The service was good once we got some food. That being said, the only thing you could get before you are served is, a drink rom the bar, a bogus sit time from the host, and no food. We had a nice tab started but were chastized when we asked for bread. The really like the country kitchen type layout and the openess but not blown away enough to want to visit again.
First impression..this place reminds me a LOT of Founding Farmers in DC...which is one of my top favorite restaurants! So I was very happy to come across this place.However, DC definitely beats this SF spot out...sorry west coast!I loved the bartender and the drinks...good price, and high quality.The atmosphere was very chill and fun...seating on the 1st and 2nd level, with an open view of the bar and kitchen.The food was good but the portions were a bit small and a little overpriced....which I am fine with if the quality is high, but the food here was somewhat unremarkable. I ordered the Housemade Pappardelle -- the lamb was a bit overcooked, and the dish seemed to be missing an extra kick...it got pretty boring after a few bites.The BF got the prok chop, which he and I liked, but it was definitely not worth $26.I would be in no hurry to return here, unless the cute bartender was making drinks again.
Had the fennel flat bread and burger both were very very good and we had excellent service. Thumbs up!
Would never have come in here if it wasn't for my friend wanting to go. It comes off as a typical trendy sf hipster spot. But wow...the food was outstanding! And our server was absolutely wonderful. We will be back!
Yes, NOPA is as good as everyone says it is. That's why this place is always packed.I think it's fair to say that NOPA single-handedly resurrected the lower part of Divisadero. So much so, people now refer to the neighborhood as NOPA (it stands for North of the Panhandle).If you don't make reservations, get ready to wait for a while. Or, do your best to find a seat at the bar or their communal table. Every dish I've ordered here has been stellar. I usually like to start with their flatbread (the ingredients rotate with the season). Last time I ordered it, it came with spicy sausage, scallions, arugula, and mozzarella. NOPA is well known for its rotisserie chicken and their hamburger. Both live up to the hype. The pork chop with White Beans, Shaved Asparagus, Cara Cara Oranges and Piquin Butter is also pretty heavenly. I'd recommend ordering some fries with herbed aioli. You'll quickly become the most popular person at the table.In addition to great food and friendly service, NOPA boasts a first class, seasonal cocktail program. The drink menu is different every time I come in. If none of the featured cocktails tickle your fancy, just tell the bartender what your favorite poison is and they'll whip something up.One of the best parts about NOPA is that the kitchen stays open late. It's one of the few restaurants (aside from Mel's Diner) that's still open and busy at 1am. They're also open for weekend brunch, but I haven't checked it out yet.The only thing preventing me from giving NOPA five stars is the noise-level (it's LOUD), and the whole parking situation (it sucks). If you do wind up coming here, take a cab.
Everything we had was delicious, down to the dessert. Usually skeptical when a place is so hyped but the food speaks for itself, and surprisingly not as expensive as other places with comparable reviews. I went here for a girlfriend's birthday, about 5 girls.. just make sure you get that reservation weeks in advance. Home run.
I'm from NYC, the supposed capital of fine dining and amazing food, and the home of some of the best food in the world. I must say, this is without any doubt whatsoever THE BEST RESTAURANT I'VE EVER BEEN TO. Even my Mom can't put together a homemade meal like the chefs at NOPA (Sorry mom!). I've been coming to this restaurant for years now, and it's a must-go whenever I visit San Francisco. I come either here or Nopalito every single day, usually switching to the other every day. Nopalito is the Mexican version of NOPA from the same owners and is my second favorite restaurant. The head chef there actually got his start here cleaning dishes. That's for another Yelp page, though. I'm here to talk about NOPA. Where do I even start? This place has a really nice ambience. It's expansive yet very cozy, even with the loud crowds that fill this place up every day. It always feels like a party is about to go down in this joint. Everyone here is friendly and always has a great time. You can sit upstairs directly above the kitchen and watch them make your food, which is, in my opinion, one of the best dining experiences you can have. They'll literally wave to you as they're preparing a masterpiece of a meal for YOU. One of the best atmospheres in any restaurant I've ever been to. The staff here are all very friendly and service-oriented. Now to the main topic: The food. All of the food here is outstandingly delicious and overall amazing. They use extraordinarily fresh ingredients. The produce is beautiful and seems like they just harvested it out of the soil and the meat is so tender and juicing with flavor that it's as if they slaughtered it the same day. I don't even eat seafood but my Mom fell in love with all of their locally caught fish dishes. The best part, you may ask? They use just about all Organic ingredients, which is awesome. Their beef is grass-fed and I'm pretty sure that almost all of their produce is completely organic. They list their purveyors on the website (which most places never do) and the sourcing sounds pretty clean to me. The integrity of this joint really shines through. You can see, smell and taste it when you eat here. The staff are all very friendly and experienced. Laurence, the head chef, is a super friendly guy and he makes sure that everyone in the kitchen prepares the food with as much love as they can give. I can't say enough great things about this restaurant. I normally go with the same dishes when I eat out, but at NOPA I get those same dishes along with something new, because literally all the food is here other worldly. I love it with all my heart and it is an absolute staple in not only San Franciscan dining, but in the culinary world in general. Gordon Ramsay could eat here and wouldn't even utter a curse word. He would leave with empty plates. THAT'S HOW GOOD IT IS. I would move to San Francisco in a heartbeat just to able to eat here and at Nopalito every single day of my life. These two restaurants alone give SF an edge up over any city in the United States. If you're out of town visiting I IMPLORE you to please come and eat here. It will be one of the very best meals you ever have, I promise. And if you are from SF and haven't eaten here then please come out from under your Boulder and eat at this joint. And afterwards smoke a joint. It will be one of the best dining experiences you ever have. They do literally everything right here. I wish I could give this place a 10 stars. Scratch that, a hundred. No wait, a thousand. On second thought, you know what? This place deserves all the stars that Yelp has to offer. There is nothing that can stand to improve at a place like this. Please please please come and eat here.
When I want to go and indulge myself I go to NOPA for their burger and a nice glass of wine. Bonus points for staying open late!
Holy F@#$@I$#I@$. EVERY bite of food here caused me to unattractively utter a long loud string of obscenities. I want to apologize to my fellow diners and the gracious servers for my appalling behavior. I honestly could not help it. From the first forkful of fluffy, crispy, eggy sweet creamy butter-drenched custard french toast to the last savory drop of burger juice licked from salty fingers, I was in a state of brunch nirvana. The food here is unreal. It's sin manifested into edible objects. The world would end around you in a firey conflagration but you would die with smile on your face because the goat cheese bread pudding is so smooth and delicate and flavorful that you can do no else. You could lose your job, get your car stolen, and have your FB account hacked, but you would just know life is okay because the way the braised pork lingers on your tongue is just so right. And the gin fizz...and jalapeno corn bread...and even the effing fries that looked pale and underdone but were actually the most perfectly crispy little taters I've had in a long time. A-ma-zing experience here. I haven't been to many brunch spots in the city, but this one definitely had everything I could ever want on a lazy sunny hungry weekend morning. Heck, my lingering foodcoma of blitzed out happiness will last well through the week. And then it's time to go again.
Really great restaurant all around, and surprisingly not expensive for the caliber of the menu. Very good service.
Had a delicious dinner here. Atmosphere was energetic, trendy spot with nice dcor.Tasted the flatbread (delicious) , grilled pork chop (juicy and cooked properly), salmon. Service was excellent as were cocktail and wine options. Will def. be back.
Make reservations! The burger and fries are a must for every visit!
Extremely attentive waiters and waitresses, impressively great food, no wonder you have to book this place weeks in advance!
Great quality but less quantity. Ordered cod fish and white bean with feta. Delicious. But pricy. Good ambience. Long waiting time. Hard to find parking around.
Fact: I am the most impatient person on the planet. As such, it took me FIVE years after living in San Francisco to bite the bullet and make reservations, a month in advance, for Nopa. I am such a fool. A poor, deprived, fool.This place was everything that I hoped and dreamed it would be. The first thing that happened to me after entering was get carded at the bar. I am almost 28 so naturally this is the best way to start an evening. I mean, yeah, I clean up well.. but that's besides the point.Nopa is so magical that it hypnotized me into ordering the crostini with goat cheese and balsamic strawberries app........ and I LIKED IT. Yeah that's right.. I willingly ordered and devoured tangy, shifty, GOAT cheese. And the pork chop. Whoa. OUT. OF. THIS. WORLD. Not to mention, my catholic boyfriend ordered the burger on a Friday during Lent. Shhh, don't tell Jesus. I am actually embarrassed about the Dirty Shirley I ordered with dinner. My meal deserved better than that.I can't wait until my next reservation, 31 days from now. (The next available reservation) Look at you Nopa, changing people and s*it. Well done.
Did that just happen? Did I REALLY just have dinner at NOPA? After what seems like eons, I finally got a reservation for dinner, at a decent time, for two at NOPA. To say we were excited is an understatement. I think we were more excited that we got a reservation than trying the food...just kidding ;) We were greeted and immediately seated on the mezzanine level, right in the corner. The perfect spot. We were able to see the whole restaurant and the chef's working endlessly in the kitchen. Our server, Emmanuel, was really sweet, attentive and gave great wine recommendations. We both had a couple glasses of Cinsault Languedoc (yes, I looked it up on the menu ;P); it wasn't sweet but definitely had a lot of flavor. For starters, we had the warm goat cheese, kiwi, frisee & crostini ($12). The goat cheese was perfectly melty, warm, and comforting. I'm not a huge fan of kiwi, but the kiwi mixed in with the frisee was refreshing. The crostini were crunchy and tasted great with the cheese. This is great for sharing!For entrees, we ordered:-Grass Fed Hamburger, Pickled Onions & French Fries (added cheddar cheese), $13-Rotisserie Herbed Chicken, Brussel Sprouts & other veggies, $28I had the grass fed hamburger w/ cheddar cheese and it was one of the best burgers I've ever had. The bun was crisp and more importantly, didn't fall apart (hate that!) and the meat was juicy and had tons of flavor. The pickled onions were pretty good on the burger but not my favorite. The french fries were crispy and they came with an aioli sauce that was amazing!My boyfriend had the herbed chicken and it was almost a whole chicken! For the price, it was definitely worth it since they give you so much food. He said the chicken was tender, moist, and had tons of flavor due to the herbs. He loved the brussel sprouts!For dessert, we had the pecan tart and butterscotch ice cream ($8). It was so delicious and sweet! I love pecan pie so I knew I'd love the tart; the butterscotch ice cream was pretty good too but I didn't taste a lot of butterscotch flavoring. Service was great! Emmanuel always checked up on us and always made sure we had enough water and wine. He gave great recommendations and cleared up questions we had about the menu.Now that I've finally dined at NOPA, I can totally see why it's so popular and always busy. However, I do feel like it's a little overpriced. Great food, wine, and service but we definitely paid a pretty penny to eat here.P.S. I HIGHLY suggest making a reservation!
Ok seriously I asked for a vegetarian appetizer and the guy brought me an apple slice. Literally a plate with one slice of an apple. Is this some kind of joke?I haven't even gotten my main course yet (or main appetizer for that matter) yet felt compelled to write a yelp review.Ridiculous.
They brought us bread and trout cheese for free! Win right? One of my friends is vegetarian so we asked for a vegetarian option.They brought us a slice of Apple. A single slice of Apple. Is this a joke? At least it wasn't mealy.
My son and I had a very tasty meal at the joiner's table Sat. midnight. We''d just landed @ SFO a coupla hours earlier and were looking for a late-night dinner. Nopa was packed, but we got seated immediately when we walked in.It turned out that our server was from the East Coast and very helpful and welcoming. The food was delicious. Nopa's mantra is to serve simple food created with seasonal ingredients sourced from local purveyors. Our salad was fresh, well - seasoned and full of flavor, our two mains were perfectly cooked and full of flavor. Nopa delivers on their promise. Definitely worth another visit.Nopa is open seven days a week, serving dinner from 6 p.m. until 1 a.m.
This place is popular and I have had my eye on it for a little over a year now. I finally got to eat here. I had a Summit grapefruit cocktail and a Lagunitas IPA. I had a tomato and mozzarella salad and the rotisserie chicken. I tried some of the pork. The food is good. It is expensive, but not too expensive. It's mostly classy American food like chicken, hamburger, salmon, pork chop, etc. I like this once in a while. It was really crowded. We ate at the bar counter. Tall ceilings. I would like to come back to NOPA again.
I have to take the time to write this review because this place deserves. It's been a while since I was there BUT this place is great... Sat at a bench facing where all the food was being prepared. Great dining experience my girlfriend and I shared different dishes-all amazing... Some times the wait to be seated could be but this place is worth it... AND the food price is right.
NOPA is arguably my #1 love in the city. There's nothing better than waking up to the lovely smell of soft scrambled eggs and french toast on a weekend morning.Come to think about it, pretty much everything they cook here is really good. Even SCONES, which I despise immensely otherwise. French toast here was the FIRST french toast I have ever liked - particularly because it's done with a nice creamy custard filling. Baked eggs, sausage dish, even the stews are good. They change their menu every month so I try to limit myself to a once-a-month visit if I can hold out long enough.For dinner, their pork chop is among the best in the city - although my preference is a nice hearty brunch here.You really can't go wrong with what you order here and to be honest, the prices are pretty fair, too! The people who come here are usually very down-to-earth and friendly, not like the snobby foodies and hipsters that usually crowd the rest of San Francisco's finest restaurants. Even the staff is extremely polite, considerate of their patrons, and very accommodating.I'm pretty sure without NOPA, my life would just not be as complete!
Chose to go to Nopa for our anniversary; my fianc had never been and was able to finally get a reservation. While the service team was great, the food was not. After writing to Nopa to give them direct feedback, we received this response:Hello,My name is **. I am the Chef and one of the owners of Nopa in San Francisco. Your email was not at all pleasant to read. I'm truly sorry you did not enjoy your dining experience at our restaurant. I assure you we work really hard to provide the best possible ingredients, sourced directly from many fantastic local farmers in Northern California. ( in fact I'm the forager for our restaurants). Our goal has never been to "wow" our guests, but rather to offer them simply prepared food with great intention and a huge amount of care. We are lucky enough to have survived in this toughest of all cities for almost 8 years. We have hundreds of very loyal guests who return again and again to allow us the honor of serving them. Luckily, in San Francisco, you literally have thousands of restaurants to choose from.  I wish you only good things in your endeavors,Sincerely,Chef Not out to wow anyone**removed his name to protect himSo head on over to Nopa if you don't want to be wowed and served just simply terrible food. A better option would be to skip Nopa and head next door to Bi Rite, buy that locally sourced food and make your own dinner. It will probably better and not nearly as much of a waste of time or a waste of money.
Not that you need to take my word for it since there's a pretty big fan base here for NOPA, but the food and drinks here are amazing! I've been here for a late dinner and another time for brunch and left very happy (and full) both times. Reservations are highly recommended. I walked in for brunch one Saturday and waited 90 minutes!!!Strangely I don't mind waiting to get seated and the host/hostess at NOPA will text you when your table's ready so you could head down to The Mill to kill time and fend off that hunger induced monster within you.Lastly and most importantly, you must order the custard french toast, otherwise any amount of time you waited for brunch was a total waste.Not a five star only because the front of the house was obviously stressed out and kicked a little 'tude.
I almost want to give this place 4.5 stars. I loved the vibe of the place, and everything we ate was nothing short of "really good." The portions are pretty size worthy, so you get both quality and value. Here's what we got:-butter beans - really good-flat bread with sausage - really good-pappardelle (shared amongst 4 ppl as a second course) - DEELISH-burger - BOMB.COM; def one of the better burgers I've ever had, and the fries are amazing too - just GET IT-others at the table got the chicken and pork chop which were all really good-pecan tart and sopapillas for dessert - the pecan tart was great, but I feel like someone could make it at home. the sopapillas were amazing and highly recommendedI will def come back! Book your reso well in advance!
Portions and taste are so worth the price! This is a must in San Francisco. The atmosphere is engaging, staff is wonderful, and service is great! Keep up the great work Nopa!!
-------DINNER ONLY------This place gets so much rave and hype and I'm so glad it lives up to it! Everything is great: the setting, the service, THE FOOD! Come here early (esp if you don't have a reservation) because this place gets packed QUICK. Also, if you can, try to get a seat upstairs right over the kitchen. It's really awesome to look down and see all the food line come out and watch them make it.Now for the food:- Flat breads: flavorful, savory, and a great way to start the meal. It's also cool because if you sit upstairs, you can actually watch them make your bread from scratch. - Fried brussel sprouts are DELICIOUS. But I'm a huge fan of brussel sprouts so really, there's no way this dish could be bad-Pork Chop was amazing. Full of juice and flavor. I ordered medium rare and they had it a little more pink than I liked. They were quick to change it out and what came back was even better than before.Service is really friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. Plus, they talk to you like they're a friend so you feel like you're getting an honest answer from them when it comes to what's the best thing to order. I can definitely see why this is a "must try" place for visitors to SF.
There's a German saying that could describe my collective experiences at NOPA: "Das war ein Griff ins Klo"Literal Translation: It was a handle in the toiletMeaning: A huge mistake or failure, sh**stormThe service over the past year has taken a nose dive faster than Tesla's stock circa November 2013. Even with a reservation the service is molasses slow even for a "slow food" restaurant. It's also not ideal for a group over 4. While the host/hostess's always seem on their game and friendly, they are straight up bullshitting you when they give you wait times, so don't be fooled and place trust there. The servers on the whole are wound tighter than a two dollar watch and they are inconsistent. I've had a meal where the server was informative, but disappeared for most of the service, or I've had a server who couldn't explain a dish or communicate to the bussers so our table was checked on to the point where I'd call it disruptive. Please don't cock block my meal dudes. Nosh: The NOPA staples (burger, pork chop, chicken,) are all good, but the menu overall has been increasingly unappetizing and underwhelming. If I go out to a nice restaurant I generally want something new and interesting, I'm not inclined to get a burger every time. The last time I had brunch I didn't finish what I ordered because the portions were out of control and the flavors were off. (The Bloody Mary's had the aroma of wet band aids and taste even worse). This is also the first restaurant where I've sent something back because I couldn't stomach it. I could tell it had been sitting a while along with my other dish which was lukewarm by the time we were served. In college I once ate a granola bar with half the wrapper missing that I found at the bottom of my purse, so I know I can choke down something if I need to, but I'm an "adult" now so my expectations have elevated.The Last Meal/Straw that broke the grass-fed cow's back:Culmination of everything : Beginning to end, service to food, every single thing was off. Friends from out of town asked why we tortured them.In general I think there are a lot of entitled jerks. I also think there are a lot of entitled jerks that write Yelp reviews that hurt a business or don't understand how complicated the food service industry is. That's not my intent, but every time I leave here I think "Das war ein Griff ins Klo".
We finally made it to Nopa!! We have to make a reservation in a month advance to get in a descent time but it worth it. We ordered a Country Pork Chop with asparagus, upland cress, horseradish, almonds and sesame and their homemade pappardelle with bolognese sauce. The pork chop so far the best pork chop ever tasted yet. Well braised and pink in the middle. Very moist and I loved the glaze. The pasta on the other hand is okay but not good. Little bland and missing some flavors. Our overall experience is great, nice atmosphere and great service. Definitely we will be back and hopefully will have room to try some desserts.
Delicious food, impeccable ambience, all around never disappoints.
Food was fresh and tasty
4.5 stars! My friend lives one block from here and he'd been meaning to try it for awhile so we walked here for dinner on a Friday night, anticipating that there would be a huge wait. We were told that we could hover behind the bar and wait for bar stools to open up (table wait ~2 hours...) and then sit and order there, so I highly recommend this strategy if you didn't have the foresight to make reservations - it actually works if you're diligent, but have manners and don't steal spots from other people that were clearly waiting first!The bartender was amazing for how incredibly busy he was. He was in the middle of making a cocktail but noticed us hovering behind the bar and immediately took our drink orders. This pattern continued on throughout the drinking / meal - seriously 5 star service.I had a few glasses of malbec and my friend got two or three "THE LIQUID SWORD" cocktails which is a delicious and lethal blend of alcohol. We got the classic grass-fed burger and the country pork chop, I would say both were 4 out of 5 stars; delicious and extremely high quality but lacked an extra OOMPH that would bump it up to 5. it's very loud in there, you have to speak loudly and the chatter echoes.Overall a gorgeous space with delicious food and high-quality service and there is nothing comparable in the immediate vicinity! I'd rather come with friends than dates. Prices are digestible.
Love This place. One of my favorite restaurants ever.
This is one of my favorite restaurants in SF. The only reason it loses a star is because I still want Popeyes every time I leave.
Need to return here! Porkchop, juicy burger, french fries with chile lime aoili and a drink from the trendy bar...all you need for a great night! P.S the hour long wait-worth it!
SARDINES!! Pork, chicken, wines, all the apps. Yes, go here. Arrive early to add your name to the 2 hour waitlist. Roll down the street to Madrone Art Bar for a few pre-dinner drinks. Wait staff has it together.
Initially greeted w a 2.5hr wait, their mobile phone notification allowed a bit of optimism. 90 minutes, 2 drinks, a phone call and a text message later and we were seated. The environment is filled w chatter; everyone is enjoying themselves. The wife and I split several appetizers, more drinks and a couple desserts. Everything was excellent. You can't go wrong here! Get the avocado toast and ice cream sandwiches if you're torn. Favorite place in SF yet.
Good vibes, always packed, delicious food, pretty good cocktails, nice ambiance... What else do you need?? The smoked broccoli was delicious, duck breast out of this world.. The lavender chocolate dessert was insane.Love it
Great ambiance, great cocktails. Order the blue bottle martini (it's not on the menu anymore, but they still make it and it's delicious).I have had several different appetizers and entrees here, all which have been delicious.
The food here is always good - if you can really stand the wait, or make a reservation, it is really worth the trip.for someone who lives in the hood, though, it is a bit hard to stand in line for 20 min for a chair when all you want is a cozy place to get fed. but if you are in luck or have the mood, this is one of the most non-pretentious place place in the hood that is becoming more and more.. yuppiesh...is there such a word? the burger is still one of the bets in town. thank you!
I've been hearing the hype for years now, so finally committed to a Tuesday reservation a month in advance. The food was delicious, the ambiance cozy with a hipster vibe... but not sure if it was worth the wait.We tried:-Warm Olives Appetizer-Flatbread with Bacon Appetizer-Pappardelle with Sausage-New York SteakBoth the entrees were super tasty, though wasn't wowed by the appetizers. Our server was nice. The atmosphere was cozy, though I kept getting the vibe that I wasn't "cool enough" to kick it here haha. I'd easily return if it wasn't so difficult to get a seat here, but since it is, I likely won't. Had a good time nonetheless!
11.02.11One of the best meals I've had in 2011. Service, atmosphere, and food were all superb!Started with a round of cocktails - cocchi cup, manzanita, choke hold, sunshine fix. $9 a pop, you almost can't stop.Appetizers were the flat bread [yelp.com/biz_photos/ttar, goat cheese [yelp.com/biz_photos/ttar, and a side of sauteed greens [yelp.com/biz_photos/ttar. Thus also begins the inappropriate conversation revolving the goat cheese dish. Let's leave that at the dinner table.Entrees: pork chop [yelp.com/biz_photos/ttar, duck breast [yelp.com/biz_photos/ttar, paparadelle [yelp.com/biz_photos/ttar. The portions are HUGE, and all delicious. I can see why the pork chop is famous here. The duck breast should be, too! And the pasta was cooked al dente, hand-cut, and has an excellent consistency.Desserts (I only have photos and not comments since I was too full to even look at this menu): sopaipillas [yelp.com/biz_photos/ttar, johnny cake [yelp.com/biz_photos/ttar, and apple crisp [yelp.com/biz_photos/ttar.Total damage for five: $312Will definitely return.
This place is good, but not great. I think it's kind of overhyped. I came here with a group of friends for a mid-week dinner ready to have my socks knocked off, but left kind of disappointed.The ambiance is lovely, and the service was attentive. But the food? Meh. We ordered three appetizers and four entrees, and none of it was memorable.We tried the piggy plate, the goat cheese, and the quinoa to start. The goat cheese was the standout here: it was good...but not, like, $12 good.I ordered the cannelloni, which was decent, but nothing that should require a month-advance dinner reservation. My friend had the pork which she described as underwhelming. The other two guys ordered a steak and a burger. They both said their entrees were good, but nothing to write home about.In short, NOPA isn't terrible by any means, but I don't think it lives up to the hype at all. I'd be willing to give it another shot, but considering how hard it is to get a table here and how pricy the fare is, I'd rather get a nice dinner somewhere else.
I just left this place with my girlfriend and another couple. Having reservations and arriving right on time, one would assume it wouldn't take nearly two hours to get our food. I'm not so much of a really strict patron to restaurants, I understand sometimes a kitchen can get backed up from time to time but I feel it's the responsibility of the server to communicate the status of your meal. This guy did not. Waiting almost two hours for your food is ridiculous.Receiving your food after such a wait is a big deal. Upon first bite, of course it tasted good. I had the burger. My girlfriend had the rotisserie chicken. After the high of finally having our food subsided, mediocrity set in then disappointment. Steer clear of this over priced trendy Not-Spot. Nope Pa.  *no refills on soft drinks - slap in the face.
Best burger and fries I've ever had and their bartenders are fabulous!
My god, it's just so good.I've been here now for several brunches and one late night (all with cocktails) and I have to say: the place is always crowded and it's always amazing. In general:Cocktails are amazing. The barstaff know what's up. Liquor quality is top notch. Drinks are original, old-timey, and so, so good. Perfectly balanced. Fresh ingredients. Also, they make a bloody mary with mezcal, so. Coffee is good. They have legit baristas so the espressos are where they should be. If you order regular coffee, it's french press. Yum. Service is relaxed but attentive. Prices are slightly high, but to be honest, I expected this place to be more pricey than it actually it. Brunch:I've had the french toast, two different sausages dishes, and the butter basted eggs. The french toast is really a dessert; I am pretty sure my blood sugar spiked north of 400 after eating it. It's too much for me to eat on my own, as a meal, so when I'm in a group of 4, we all order this and split it as an appetizer. The sausages are all house made. One was a beer brat served with eggs and spaetzle, and the other dish was a rosemary sausage with eggs and sweet potatoes. Both were so spot on. And how can eggs that are butter basted be bad? They can't be. Late night:It's open and delicious until 1am. I feel like that's basically all you need to know about this place, since it's one of the rare high-quality late night spots in all of SF, but if you want more, I can tell you that the dessert was great, although I sugar coma'd out, so I don't remember exactly what we had (it involved chocolate mousse).In any event: get thee there.
This place ROCKS. Like the rest of the best places I know, the only downside is that it's no secret...so you're going to have to wait. And even after an hour and a half, you might only be able to score two seats at the communal table for your party of three. And that's why murder happens. Just kidding, I wouldn't kill someone for a seat...just for the food,* because everything we ordered was excellent. The brussels sprouts, the roasted squash, the butter beans, the flatbread...it was all carefully cooked, wonderfully flavorful, and each was worthy of revisiting. That said, I imagine this quality extends to the rest of the menu, so I'd probably get new things next time. Except for the burger and the pork chop, which were as good as burgers and pork chops get and will absolutely get eaten again anytime I have the chance.Oh, and if that wasn't enough? They have an entire section of their cocktail menu devoted to Wu-Tang-themed mezcal cocktails. Are you shitting me? But although the Liquid Swords was very tasty, the Paradis ain't nothin' ta fuck wit. I'll definitely be rocking that Armagnac-based beverage next time I'm at NOPA, hovering around the communal table and waiting to vulture your seat. Protect ya neck.__________*I've decided that "to die for" is over. From now on, if something is particularly good, it's "to kill for."
This restaurant has been on my radar for months and we finally had an occasion to come here for. The restaurant has a high ceiling with minimal decorations. Young, hip waiters with smiles and good service that greet you at the front door. Once you walk in, you're overwhelmed with the amount of tables and chairs from the first level to the second. We walked in at 10:30PM on a Monday night and this place was crowded with people dining and drinking at the bar. A very lively atmosphere with diners from students to young professionals to older ones. After ordering, a complimentary bread and trout spread came. This was so good, my bf had to charm the waitress for seconds. We ordered the Poached Farm Egg, Tasso Spiced Ham, Frise, Sherry Onions and Celery Root to start with and this was also really good. The egg was fresh and poached perfectly along with the salty ham, but the saltiness of it complimented the salad very well. For our entrees, I went with the porkchop as recommended by most Yelpers. I'm glad I did because everything about this dish was amazing. Perfectly grilled pork with meat so tender it cuts like butter. The mustard sauce married with the golden raisins that adds a bit of sweetness when eaten together. My bf ordered the burger which was their second most popular dish. The burger was good, however, we have had better. Overall, last night's dinner was a great dinner and not too bad on the wallet either. Our dinner totaled to $60 (not including tip)Great dinner, great restaurant, great service, except parking really sucks there. Be prepared to drive for a while to search for parking.
They're burgers are AMAZING, but definitely be careful with the wait because it can be very longs most days.
Underwhelmed all 3/3 visits here. Seems like it is trying a tad too hard with the prices on the menu compared to the portions and flavor. The burger was so-so and small. Very disappointing and the fries were burnt and way too oily. We ordered a side of greens. They were completely soaked in oil and were more of a task to eat than anything. The restaurant is set up pretty cool with a kitchen you can look into and upstairs seating available - as well as a decent setting for high top tables. Honestly though, the food for me was not worth the price - I've only gone the additional two times because friends wanted to try it and they were pretty underwhelmed as well. I will mention I have no issue paying for great food. But when I walk away feeling "meh" after dropping that kind of coin, I usually plan to not return. Nice staff though.
I've been very pleased with all the items I have tried at NOPA.* The housemade pappardelle with 9h bolognese was simply delicious.* The rainbow trout was cooked just right, with a delicious romesco broth and nicely seasoned broccoli, chickpeas, and mushrooms.* I was pleasantly surprised by the manila clams, which I thought would just be regular clams - good but not mind blowing. The tomato sauce, which was thicker and more flavorful than I expected, was so yummy I ate it by the spoonful. The grilled bread was so soft and buttery I was sad there were only 2 pieces. * I tried bites of my friends' pork chop and chicken, and the meat had just the right doneness and flavor. * The fried anchovies and flatbread were also good.I like the interior of NOPA. The high ceilings and the upstairs seating area are cool. The place is open until 1am on weekdays, and it is definitely happening downstairs. A big drawback is that sounds reverberate off all the surfaces, and it can be hard to carry a conversation even across a small table. Parking in the area is pretty painful.
Nopa is an exceptional restaurant. Among our fare we had the white beans w/ bread crumbs and feta, the pappardelle, and the ny strip. The steak put me into a zen trance while eating it and my wife's pasta was light and flavorful. The wait staff took great care of us and gave valuable recommendations that added to the experience. This place is expensive, so there's that, but it's awesome. The restaurant offered creative cocktails and great wine options.
Amazing burgers and staff!!!
Game, set, match. The verdict is in: Nopa was the best meal of my trip with corazon to Napa and San Francisco. We split the following: flatbread with meatballs, beet salad, pork chop and a side of the broccolini. The service was impeccable, the food was all cooked wonderfully and the vibe of the place was pure San Francisco. One niggling complaint I had was the muddled flavor of the Wu-tang inspired drink "Protect ya neck" but I was never all that partial to mezcal anyway, but I couldn't help but support one of my favorite hip-hop groups in spirit.*waving hands in the air like I just don't care* "Wu-tang Clan ain't nothing to fuck wit"
My favorite restaurant in SF. The food and drinks are excellent (try the blue bottle espresso martini. delish), the staff is incredibly accommodating (always willing to chat about wine selections, give honest opinions on menu items, etc) and the ambience is unmatched (this place feels how I want my house to feel when I'm throwing a really fantastic dinner party). Do make a reservation though - it is worth the wait.
We only came for the bar, I haven't been for dinner...yet. In the first round of cocktails, my drink, the Quintessential was the unanimous favorite, beating out The Corleone and the Sunshine Fix, which had too much lemon. Later I ordered a Summit, which I could only taste the Junipers from the Gin.We got a plate of sopapillas, which were more doughy than you would expect, so we decided they were more like beignets.The atmosphere is in offensive: I compared it to a chipotle. The biggest complaint was how crowded the bar was. We found ourselves penned in standing behind the people seated at the bar. I would go back (maybe just once) to try dinner.
Came here with a massive hangover on a Sunday morning of the World Cup and got a table right away. My friends and I just went family style and ordered 2 of the egg dishes (I got the baked egg which was small but amazing). The French toast was the icing on the cake with some amazing strawberry jam on the side and syrup!
I had to make reservations for this place a month in advance to get a decent dinner time (7:30 p.m.). The place was packed! Parking is really hard to find in this area - I think we drove around for 20 minutes. We were seated immediately, though, which was nice. Considering how many people and loud this place was, they must have done something right with the acoustics bc I didn't have to scream for my dining partner to hear me (think Bottega Louie - yikes). Place is nicely decorated - very simple with high ceilings. We were served an amuse bouche, which were a few slivers of grapefruit with a little bowl of salt. Grapefruit is one of my least favorite fruits, so we were not off to a good start. Luckily the food was better.-Grilled Broccoli w/ Anchovy and Lemon ($6) - Not only were the veggies cooked perfectly, but they also had a smoky taste to it, as if they had been grilled. There were little bits of crunchy breadcrumbs that I loved as well. You can't really taste the anchovy, but maybe that's what the smoky taste was.-Broccolini and Poached Duck Egg ($12) - Another great vegetable dish. Poached duck egg was delicious with a bright yellow yolk. Very fresh. Broccolini was crunchy.-Homemade Pappardelle ($19) - Initially, my friend was underwhelmed by it, but after eating a few more bites, she started to enjoy the dish and all of its subtle flavors. The noodles are homemade the the sauce is cooked for like nine hours! As for me, I thought it was good but not great.-Grilled Pork Chop ($26) - I had to order what everyone was raving about. I personally thought it was good, but it didn't wow me. The pork chop was large and tender. I think I prefer things with more flavor, though this was definitely a good piece of meat. A bit too much meat, in fact.-Dark Chocolate Ganache Tart - Not too sweet at all, so this is good for those who don't have a big sweet tooth. Not very memorable and a bit plain. We couldn't finish it and brought it back. -Coffee & Islay Whisky - My friend is a fan of whisky from Islay bc they have a very smoky or peaty taste. Since she also drinks coffee every day, this was right up her alley. She felt this was the highlight of the meal for her. I tried it, and it was way to smoky tasting for me!Unfortunately, I can't remember the name of the two drinks I ordered, but they were great. Not too strong and not too sweet. The food here is solid, but I think I expected more for such a popular restaurant with a 30 day in advance reservation wait. Nothing was bad, but my favorite dishes were probably the vegetables. A few people on Yelp recommended ordering a bunch of appetizers/sides, which is what I'm thinking I should have done. Overall, a nice experience, but one to which I probably won't be returning.
My 2nd time back and I still can't stop thinking about the pork chops!We started off our meal with the flat bread (very much like a pizza topped with arugula) They changed the sides that accompany the pork chop but it's still just yummy as I remembered the first time. My hubby ordered the duck breast and it was delicious and cooked perfectly. The bathrooms are clean and there's a coed area for everyone to wash their hands.There's a large wooden long table with first come first serve seating. The bar is also a great place for open seating too.I can't wait to go back. Parking is semi difficult but there seems to be good turnover around Alamo Square which is just 2 blocks away.
Nice open large environment. Good portions and price. Good food. Have yet to have a dish that disappoint.
Every dish has maximum amount of flavor!! I always enjoy coming every time when I'm in San Fran!!They really take the time to prepare each dish and take no shortcuts!
What makes this a 4 instead of 5: slightly slower service, noise level and bad parking.Hubby had tagine and I had pork chop. Amazing!!!We skipped dessert but strawberry shortcake ordered by our neighbors looked very tempting.
SERVICE. Impeccable. Constantly checking on us, but not bothering us. Tip: if it is slightly warm out for the city, try not to sit up top. It gets super warm up there. But, hey, if it is the only option, it is a must! Sit anywhere!!We were super pleased with dinner. Shared a few appetizers - loved the fries!! Since it is a pretty seasonal menu, it has already switched over since we dined there a month ago. However, the pork chop is still on the menu, and oh my....it is huge and super delightful.We had a great experience, super food, excellent service, and even awesome cocktails. Top notch. And by the way, make a reservation. It's mandatory.
NOPA, the location of my last supper in San Francisco for my vacation in the summer of 2012. My bestie Bianca L. and I came here at the recommendation of the Notorious R.U.G. (Aka Ruggyford J. the Third, our New York City CM) so thank you for that!NOPA was paaaaaacked for a Saturday night and we had no reservations... but I was determined. Don't mess with me when I am determined. We played the vulture game for a seat in the bar area which took about 15-20 minutes. I highly recommend reservations to avoid that situation in the future.While waiting for a spot to snag, we decided to get some cocktails to ease the time. These drinks packed a whollup of both flavor and potency and were cheaper than those of similar caliber in NYC at only $10 a pop. I forgot who had what exactly but we started off with:-Dawn Cocktail (Flor de Caa 18 yr, Apricot Liqueur, Amaro, Lemon) $10-Paradis (Dartilongue Armagnac, Cardamaro, Lillet) $10-Expat (Raw Sugar, Angostura, Amontillado, Cava) $9While sipping on these bad boys, we finally scored a spot at the tables in the bar area. Woohoo!! After perusing the menu for a few minutes, I knew exactly what to get.-To start: Early Girl Tomatoes, Garlic Croutons, Olives, Pimentn and Mozzarella. Fresh tomatoes, delectable cheese and crunchy homemade croutons.-For my main, I had: Housemade Pappardelle with 12 hour beef ragu and basil and Parmesan cheese. Pasta cooked perfectly al dente with a rich and meaty sauce topped with fresh basil and legit Parm crumbles. Yum.-Annnd last but not least, dessert: Blackberry and Raspberry Crumble a la mode. Topped with a flaky crust, there were whole blackberries and raspberries throughout this delicious dish making it one of if not THE best crumbles I have ever had!Wow. Just wow. All of these dishes were fantastic!!! The pappardelle satisfies any pasta or meat lover to the extreme and the crumble had me considering picking up and licking the bake dish clean.Any time I venture out west to San Francisco, NOPA will always be on my list of restaurants I have to go to! Next time I just need to make a reservation.
GET THE DAMN PORK CHOP!!!! It was a year ago I came here and I still think about the damn thing all the time and its a freaking Pork Chop. I never order them anywhere I go. Not to mention I hate sauerkraut and I hate raisins. All are contained in this dish and I ate every last bite of the Pork Chop, Sauerkraut and Raisins. GET THE DAMN PORK CHOP. OH Nopa how I have missed you and your DAMN PORK CHOP.
My new Fave San Fran Spot! Hip trendy fun spot with incredible food! Most important thing to know - get the albacore tuna appetizer ! super trendy, not super dressy, I think more funky casual attire. Book way in advance or it could be a two hour wait for a table. We opted to wait for a spot and sit in the bar - which I prefer anyway. It runs the length of the restaurant with Glass dividing it from the tables and is a lively spot to sit . Fyi,It takes a table reservation to sit at the counter that faces the kitchen to watch them at work. The appetizers are also amazing we decided to just get a bunch of them and split it never ended up getting an entre. The albacore tuna is my new favorite fish dish... Anywhere!  Albacore with tomatillo sauce and pumpkin seeds and pickled onions and olive oil- so many flavors bursting in your mouth- amazing!!! The only thing that would've made it better was be some good really crunchy toasted bread. (We did order some but got the cut sourdough that wasn't toasted)We heard the little fried fish were great so we tried that - it was very good. Also got the tomato salad which was highly recommended by two of the bartenders - super fresh flavorful tomatoes of different varieties. They have a great cocktail menu - a whole section of Jen and the whole wall section of whiskers. I was drinking after all - and then a wonderful rose but I don't remember the Vineyard. Love love love this place - will definitely go back!
It was alright. I waited 3 months to get reservation here. I wouldn't do that again. It was good don't get me wrong, just not worth the wait.
I have been going to this place since they opened almost 10 years ago. They really put out a solid and consistent product. Very happy they really helped change that neighborhood and made it what it is today.
We came at 5:15 on a Saturday night. We were hoping to sit at the bar and enjoy an early dinner, but apparently 1/2 the city had the same idea. After jostling around and jockeying for a seat for about an hour, we snagged two seats at the big communal table. We ordered the flatbread because we'd heard amazing things about it, but it was extremely salty and smokey for us. The kale salad was delicious, as was the famous burger. We loved the atmosphere, enjoyed most of our food, and would love to go again-- with a reservation!
On my last trip to SF the wife and I enjoyed a wonderful brunch here. We ended up just sharing several plates and we each had the Sunshine Fix for our morning pick me up. Our plates were the Grass Fed Hamburger which was phenomenal and perfect. All the hype is justified. The fries and aioli were a perfect accompaniment. Our second dish was the oven baked eggs in tomato sauce. Basically an eggs in purgatory dish. Very good, served with bread for dipping. For "dessert" we had the Custard French Toast with roasted strawberries. Again all the hype is justified.The space was great with lots of light pouring in through the huge windows. Service was great too. Can't wait to come back.
I was visiting from Miami Beach, FL where I work as a hospitality professional. I was told by my AirBnB host that NOPA represented the San Fran dining scene very well, and I definitely agree. A reservation is a MUST because our wait time was an hour and a half. Tested my patience but worth the wait over all. You can also fight the crowd for the communal table or bar seats but I wasn't in the mood. Bar program is properly stocked with a great deal of spirits and the cocktails were well executed. Bartenders were attentive and quick to both acknowledge a guest and prepare the drink of choice. Wine list is thorough with plenty of good steals, a few fun finds, and it's fair share of big names. I also noted the 1/2 btl list was more extensive than I am used to and is perfect to pair with different courses. Food was legit. You must order the avocado toast. It is simple, balanced, and a perfect light start. I enjoyed the amuse that is often forgone in modern dining. Service was solid. Bussers were unobtrusive and polite. Food runners clearly announced dishes without displacing the vibe of the table. Our funny and approachable server Robbie knew the menu well and every suggestion of his was on point.Decor was well done. Huge windows allow views of the neighborhood. Lighting was well placed. Staff uniforms were off-putting. The seemingly skilled bartenders looked like busboys/UPS drivers in brown t-shirts. The servers all wore a brown plaid button down that reminded me of the couch from Roseanne for some reason. Overall: They nailed it.
Love this place, my favorite in the city. The porkchop and burger are amazing and I dream about their sopapillas, they atelier changing!! We come here often and it's always amazing!
I finally made my way to Nopa for dinner and got to eat! After these years of anticipation I have to say that the food was anti climatic. The pork plate was fair, oversized white beans were blah and the smoked trout was decent. The only thing to write home about were the dessert cocktail!
Love love love love this place. I came here around 11pm and definitely only because it was the last place around still open and serving food. My friend and I were definitely were in for a surprise when we finally found a spot on the counter to eat. The grass fed burger was delicious, the wine selection was vast (as well as their collection of some glasses) and although it was crowded, I found myself thoroughly enjoying being able to sit and catch up with my friend. Great casual dinner spot, date spot, anything spot. Do come here and experience the magic that is nopa!
Man oh man is nopa's burger GOOD.I consider myself as a burger and french fry connoisseur. I have had some great burgers and fries, but boy these is sure up there!The burger is reasonably priced and the fries are DELISH. The burger was cooked just right and came out all juicy and the fries all crispy~ I felt like I was in a food porno. I did get another dish, I believe it was called the parpardelle? I found a long strand of hair cooked into the dish..that was sort of a turn off but the burger was so good that it totally makes up for it
I was very disappointed by Nopa on Friday night. The Amuse-bouche was almost insulting - seriously a TINY piece of a mealy apple with peanut butter - am I three years old?The meal didn't get much better after that, the service was pushy and unhelpful. Our flatbread pizza was charred to crisp on the bottom - not to mention $18 for half of a pizza is ridiculous. The mushroom toast was also terrible, the mushrooms were as big as the piece of bread, it was impossible to eat and lazily composed. The one saving grace was the fried broccoli which I thought was delicious, but it's also fried broccoli how could it be bad. Maybe the entrees are better, but we were so disappointed we left before putting in our final order. At least in SF there is always a good taco not far away :) If you are just looking for generic 'hip' restaurant go right ahead, but if you are a true foodie who relishes in great food don't believe the hype and stay far far away.
---Nopa is Dope-a---I came here with a recommendation from a friend with some skepticism due to the $$$ and the fact that our wait time would be 1.5 hours even at 10pm at night...But it was worth the wait.The nice thing was that we could put our name and phone number down and they would text us when our table was ready, so we strolled again and chilled at a local bar.$$$ only applies to certain meals, like the porkchop which was $26. I was a bit more price-conscious so I split a burger with a friend, which was only $14 and decently filling but super juicy. When I go back, I'm definitely getting the porkchop, even with the hefty $26 pricetag.Beware:-Parking around here is TERRIBLE. Take that public transportation grind.-Even after getting seated, it took a long time to get our food. After a drink or two, I was literally falling asleep.
My brother and his fiance took my wife and I to NOPA on a Wednesday night. We had reservations at 9:30pm but showed up around 8pm and they were able to seat us which was cool. Started off with amuse bouche of crispy bread dipped in persimmon.My wife doesn't agree but I liked the flavors and the crunch from the bread. As an appetizer, we shared the brussel sprouts with the egg on top. The brussel sprouts were very tender and had a good crunch. I ordered the pork chop which I enjoyed. A good sign was the fact that my knife cut through without any pressure. My only complaint (Minor) is that I wish it came with more sauce as the sauce that it did have was on point. For dessert, my wife and I shared the sopapillas. It came out warm with a caramel sauce which was delicious. the only other complaint I have was the waiter wasn't very friendly.
Still a fan!Decided to try out their brunch this time and NOPA continues to keep me craving for more. At first we were going to try and eat here without a reservation, but we got lucky and were able to call in for a reservation for 11:30am only a few days ahead of time. We also got to sit upstairs for a change and were able to watch all the food being prepared from upstairs.We ordered the following:1) Smoked Rainbow Trout - Housemade Bagel, Farmer's Cheese and Cherry Belle Radish. I wouldn't mind eating this every day for breakfast. The smoked trout tasted delicious and the cheese was light and not overly cheesy.2) Grass Fed Hamburger - Pickled Onions and Herbed French Fries. A very simple burger, except very flavorful and juicy. I enjoyed eating the french fries too.3) Custard French Toast - Blood Orange Marmalade and Honey Lemon Butter. Soft, with lightly crispy ends. Best french toast I've ever had. I recommend only getting the half order, like I did, because one piece is plenty and most likely the sweetness of the dish will become overwhelming and you probably won't want another piece. I also got to try their Orange Cocktail and it was very refreshing and mainly tasted like orange juice.Love this place.
Does this place disappoint? Nope pa ;) I was here the day before Valentine's Day for a pre-vday girls only celebration. There were six of us so we pretty much got to try most of the menu. The downstairs area is bustling with activity and they have a bar that runs along the entire left side of the restaurant. The crowd looked like it was mostly working professionals in their late 20s to middle aged and we were of course the youngest bunch there. Now for the low down on the food:Appetizers- Penn cove mussels, saffron, shaved fennel, grilled bread and aioli: the bread was the best part, the mussels were too fishy and hadn't soaked up the flavors of the other ingredients- Toasted quinoa, smoked trout, roe, pickled onions, hazelnuts and blood orange: my favorite appetizer by far, the trout was neutral and everything worked so well together your taste buds can barely process all the different nuanced flavors included-Brussels sprouts, poached egg, tasso spiced ham and horseradish cream: no complaints here, I just love brussels sproutsEntrees- Moroccan vegetable tagine, toasted almonds and lemon yogurt: I enjoyed the yogurt in this dish, I wish they had some sort of meat in it- Seared black cod, carrots, bulgur wheat, radish and cara cara orange: neutral taste profile- Grass fed hamburger, pickled onions and french fries: one of the most often recommended dishes here, supposedly you should get it with gruyere and bacon, but I don't understand the appeal of ordering a burger at a fancy restaurant- Country pork chop, brussels sprouts, potatoes, grapes and upland cress: very bold and flavorful, pork chop was delightfully juicy- Braised duck leg, green lentils, baby carrots, apple and salsa verde: I love duck, so this dish naturally appealed to me- Housemade pappardelle, spicy fennel sausage, white beans, escarole and parmesan: I saved the best for last, this was my dish and the pasta was wonderfully chewy, the sauce had soaked up all the flavor from the different ingredientsDesserts- Trio of ice cream, sherbet and sorbet - snickerdoodles: a bit generic, but the apple flavor was the most memorable- Sopaipillas - cinnamon caramel: a more airy version of beignets, I liked these a lot
Finally another one off my long list of SF eats!! I have been wanting to eat at NOPA for forever but something always comes up. I decided to celebrate my birthday here with a small group of friends and this place is perfect for that. Small because it's loud in here and birthday because it is planned. Without reservations, you could wait a long time. I don't know how long exactly but I saw a herd of people waiting outside while everyone inside was taking their nice sweet time, like myself.I had to order all the amazing things that people raved about. We started out with the:-Polenta and 9 hour Bolognese: So great!! What a perfect combination between the two. True, it does look like a bowl of baby food upon arrival but it's perfect for a cold night. The bolognese is packed with flavor and I wish I had some pasta handy. -Flatbread with spicy fennel sausage and arugula: Perhaps this was hyped up for me because it felt like every reviewer mentioned the flatbread. To me, it was just like eating pizza. The sausage was unique but I wouldn't say this is a must get. I'm guessing maybe other toppings made this appetizer more stand out to others.Then we moved onto:-Porkchops: This is as good as they say. It is a THICK piece and is cooked just under medium which is just a slight hint of pink. It is great this way because it's still really tender and I love that it is not overly glazed like some places. The glaze truly accentuates the flavor of the meat. It comes with some grilled apples, so grilled that you could mistake it for a pear, and some pomegranate seeds.-Burger with gruyere, pickled onions, and harissa aioli (on the side): HOLY CAJOLY. I was debating between this and the parpadelle and was so glad I got the burger. At first it felt weird ordering this for dinner but it was so juicy to the point that I felt like the meat melted in my mouth. I didn't even realize I was eating a burger at some points. I'm not good at distinguishing spices especially when they're hidden amongst meat but it was a perfect balance. I've never had pickled onions in a burger and it offsets the creaminess of the gruyere just right. They're not overly pickled so you could just eat all the ones that fall out as well. Fries were lightly seasoned with salt. The harissa aioli had a light yet addicting kick and the ketchup tasted... like ketchup. Last but not least:-Sopaipillas: You get 6 delicately fluffy pieces with a burnt caramel orange sauce. YUM. You can taste the burnt caramel and the orange is pretty vibrant. Great with a cup of joe.Our group of six probably sat for about 2.5 hours. Some members in our group were a little late but our waitress didn't push us which was nice even on an extremely busy night. I just love the ambiance and sitting on the first floor with high ceilings just creates a sense of openness and ease. Bar seems like it was packed the entire night. I would gladly come here again to see what else they're cooking up.
Awesome brunch.Very accommodating for low-carb requests. Replaced rice with vegetables.Got the bloody mary with mezcal. Very smokey. Unique flavor.
Located on Divisadero street, Nopa is a great spot for a casual yet tasty brunch. Reservations are easy to make but parking is tricky. Don't forget change for the meters.I've been working on crossing off the custard french toast on the 7x7 2012 top 100 list. Coffee options available include the french press, half pot, or full pot. Naturally i went with the full pot of coffee. How else would i be able to wash down a breakfast plate full of carbs and sugar? :) The toast is not what i expected. It's not as sweet and much more savory. You can really taste the butter and i didn't find a lot of custard flavor. Still good none the less! We also enjoyed an italian sausage with asparagus, fava beans, and a perfectly cooked poached egg. I loved this dish! It was hearty but not weighed down by any unnecessary foods. There are so many great plates on their brunch menu everyone is bound to find something they will like. I'd gladly take visiting friends here. It feels very SF to me!
This is a gem of a restaurant!I highly recommend making reservations to NOPA, especially if you plan to dine here during busy week-ends. We made a late night reservation to NOPA and were seated as soon as we arrived.Al though the ambiance is trendy, I think they try to squeeze as many people as possible by having the dining tables and chairs arranged very close to the person next to you. Not too much of elbow room. For this reason and also because of the noise level, I wouldn't necessarily say that it is romantic dining.I enjoyed my Sunrise cocktail. My husband and I ordered Flatbread for appetizers and shared a plate of Grilled Pork Chops. We topped off our meal with a delicious Honey Pot de Creme dessert. The food was delish; totally loved it.The service was top notch.A bit on the pricier end, but loved the experience and the food.Please note that parking is a pain in the neck; expect to spend 15-20min searching for a parking space. Annoying!
I LOVE this place! NOPA is one of the best restaurants in the city. The food. The service. The fun atmosphere. Love it all. We came here for a birthday dinner and all 5 of us had a great meal. I think we ordered almost everything on the menu (don't judge - we like to eat) and all the apps and entrees were delish. I can't wait to go back. It does get a bit loud so speak up and you'll be just fine. Parking is a pain but can't fault the restaurant for that.
We (4 + an infant) went for brunch. The food was delicious, though incredibly slow to come out of the kitchen. They clearly never have kids there, as they were pretty confused about how much space an infant would require (they wanted to make it a reservation for 5), and did their best to squeeze our stroller into the closet near the entrance - no way anything else would've fit in there. Thankfully everything went smoothly after that.
As a party of one, they sat me right away at the common table. I came here on a whim in December 2013.  The service was extremely attentive and polite. The food was rich and very distinctive in flavor. The menu is seasonal, they use locally sourced ingredients. On that night, I was feeling in a mood for seafood, veggies and grains. I opted for a dish with Quinoa and smoked trout. The taste was smokey (as expected) and decadent (oil from the pieces of trout). The portions are actually a good size to share family style if you order multiple dishes or to eat alone. I also ordered some type of greens, but to be honest this review has lagged so long, that I can't even recall what type of greens. I vaguely remember that it might have been brocolli?The dessert was good. I believe it was a lemon tart. Mmmm. Plus, Blue Bottle French press coffee to wash it down. None to shabby.What are my take-aways from my dining experience: Best for groups. Loud (expect to talk loudly, if in a group). Decent wine list & good cocktail list. If you are a single-ton or single-traveller this is a good place to go. Also, a good spot for a date with someone that you already know pretty well (reference to the whole noise level). I would definitely confirm that this is a moderate/higher price restaurant (3 $ signs). For those on a budget, this may be a "special occasion" type of resto.
Classy but a little over pretentious and questionable when it comes to value. However, the burger for $13 is an absolute steal! It is a bit annoying that there's no opentable link--who calls to make reservations anymore??
I am sorry to do this to you NOPA. you were in list of places to try for months. Once I was walking by NOPA around midnight after some drinks with friends and we found seating- thank you for that. I ordered some moroccan veggie dish ( you probably had one veggie dish on menu). It was so bad. Heartbroken. Sorry. I would not recommend. May be non-veg stuff is good there ..who knows.
Phenomenal food....amazing cocktails. I have been twice without reservations and had a blast at the bar waiting for a table. I would recommend going early around when they open.
Came to NOPA for brunch with some friends and I can very easily say it was AMAZING! The restaurant was very busy at about 11 when we arrived, and we were quickly seated upstairs with a good view of the whole restaurant. The atmosphere was perfect, and the decor was clean & fresh, but the best part...The Blur... ohhhh the blur - soooo good! Okay to the food... the french toast was incredible, soft scrambled eggs were cooked perfectly and the sausage was so flavorful. All in all a fantastic experience for brunch and I would recommend it!
Can I give it 6 stars? Awesome service, incredible good, great atmosphere and while not cheap, a great value. Our waiter was incredibly knowledgable and spent a great amount of time educating us on the menu. Can't recommend enough.
I was dying to try NOPA's pork chop and I must say I was disappointed. Maybe I caught them on a bad day but it wasn't amazing like I'd imagine it to be. It was plain okay. The flavors were there but I thought the meat was a bit tough. I was hoping for a delicious juicy pork chop. What a let down.On the bright side, I was impressed by their bar.
okie dokie I will say the obvious...if you like upscale traditional American food you will love Nopa. I've been here twice and I have enjoyed everything. Yes, the burger, pork chop, roast chicken, duck, and appetizers are wonderful. Would I go again? Yes, if I am lucky to get a reservation I will go again.
Pork Chop. Order the pork chop! Get ready for a wait because NOPA is popping like a bottle of champagne on New Years Eve! Back to the pork chop. It's delicious. It's juicy, tender and mouth blowing. I've also had the burger and it's really good but nothing beats the pork chop! Parking is horrendous, the wait is such a tease, the service is good, the atmosphere is hip and chic yet still inviting and the food is great! Love how the kitchen is open so you can see the chefs whipping up a delicious storm in the kitchen. PORK CHOP!
Love this place, 2nd time here...parking can be a b*%$, so plan for that! The table shared pork chops, burger, 9hr bolognese and just about all the appetizers and desserts. Everything was delicious, including unique cocktails, and our server was incredibly personable and professional. Open kitchen, sit at the bar top in front of the kitchen to watch the action (not to mention the super cute chefs), great space, although you need to book a month in advance or walk in when they open for communal seating.
THANK YOU to the hostesses for being nice to me and my friends on a night out without the kids.American comfort food - but fancy!We LOVED our time with Nopa. So cool that it is open SO LATE. Very few good options at 11pm on a friday night in SF. Everything we ordered was pretty much devoured. fish and quinoa salad with orange - yum! every dish had a balance of salty and tart, complex flavorsasparagus salad. yum! pork chop - was the best and juiciest ever. my mouth waters just thinking about itfries with aioli - oh, so good.my friend loved her burgerpappardelle with ragu - delicious and comfort fooddessert was OK. I got a ginger cake parfait like thing. I don't like goat cheese, it came with goat cheese or something like that... =(MAKE reservations! but you can also walk in and wait...
Youthful, urban atmosphere replete with wooden and metal beams.. the waiters casually saunter around in long white aprons, with non uniform t-shirts and polos. All were very friendly and helpful with menu selections and drink recommendations.. My girlfriend and I stopped in for a bite in order to build a solid base for some Tuesday night carousing in the Haight. We were seated promptly and decided on several tapas and a glass of the rose for our meal..We chose the 'Little Fried Fish', to start with... The small fish were battered and fried and served with a slightly spicy aoli. The fish were tender and went well with aoli, but what I enjoyed most on the plate was the peppery farm fresh arugula.We also enjoyed a 'piggy plate' of deliciously piggified perfection. There was liver mousse, bagel crisps, whole grain, house made mustard, cured and sliced tongue, and a generous slab of house made head cheese. Heaven on a plate.. it was thoroughly enjoyed.The Poached Duck Egg, was perched perfectly atop grilled asparagus and horseradish cream.. You can't beat simple farn fresh ingredients, prepared thoughtfully which all seem to have been fated to compliment eachother perfectly on a plate... The poached duck egg was runny and doused the the grilled asparagus with the warm yolk and mixed with the horseradish cream for the perfect succullent bite.. mmm.Our final SF style tapas plate was the Cauliflower Gratin..Hot and creamy, crispy breadcrumb topping, and delicious Caulflower all worked well together to please our palates. A small bite of the gratin along with bit of the fried fish..made for a spectacular mouthful.. Finalizing our indulgent pre-libation justification, we ordered the chocolate mousse.. chocolatey and sweet... The praline whipped cream was delicious and enhanced the chocolate flavors along with the hazelnut biscotti, which was crispy and a perfect dipping tool for the mousse.. The next time I am afforded the chance to dine at Nopa, I will indulge myself in an Old Cuban, the Pork Chop and the cheese plate..
Came here for the first time with gf and 2 friends (Jose and Jamie). By far the best restaurant I've been to in sf. Jose and I split the burger and pork chop. The waitstaff was so attentive. I don't think my water ever got close to empty. Can't wait to go back!
This is a sad little review, because I have tried to really like this place - like so many people do.But I think its best that we split up now - more in sadness than in anger.We went for dinner on Thursday night, table at 9.15 ordered at 9.30 but my main didn't arrive until a smidge after 10.30, and then (it was only me and the mrs) there was about 5 minutes gap before hers made it to the table and the side didnt appear until the mains were done. The food was perfectly fine, the staff perfectly polite - but disinterested in my dinner. I asked 3 staff where our dinner was from about 30 mins in till just before they arrived - they all said - 'about 5 minutes', none of them actually could be arsed checking.We were sitting at the bar, I watched a dozen hamburgers being prepared simultaneously and then half a dozen pork chops and it suddenly occurred to me that that kitchen looks like it waits till it gets enough of a particular menu item and then makes a job lot - so no wonder there can be regular long waits, its structural (BTW I dont know that this is true but it looks true) and it makes me think that NOPA is much more a business and interested in its own convenience than mine - fair enough, now I know and I don't have to go back.But just so you know with a reasonable tip 2 starters, 2 mains, 1 side a couple of cocktails and a bottle of not bad wine - $250. If you want to charge this kind of money for good but not great Californian food I think you need to work a little harder at making the experience delightful. And at least pretend to give a shit that the customers are happy.So farewell NOPA Cheri tis not to be
Brunch on a Saturday. We got here at 10:30 to put our names down (that's also when the bar opens); restaurant starts seating people at 11. Our party of 5 was seated at 11:15. Food is fun. I got the butter-basted eggs -- the celery root puree is delicious and the flavors complement each other really well. Great light dish - I wasn't too full at the end of the meal, but still happy. We ordered the multigrain bread with the lemon marmalade for the table; the bread was fresh and marmalade was sweet and the hint of citrus made it a light spread for the bread. I also tried the custard french toast with the caramelized apples -- this was dessert for breakfast. I think the french toast could be a really easy item to share with the table (the small portion for a party of 4; the large portion-size for a bigger party).My only complaint from the morning: while the coffee tasted very, very good, the portions was WAY too small -- I want a big pour, and this is a small cup filled up halfway. What's brunch without insane amounts of coffee, really though.
Went to Nopa for a work related happy hour. This is a great spot. Not too much else to add compared to what others have discussed already. Will definitely go back for more.
Get something you wouldn't normally get. Surprise yourself.After 5 weeks travelling across the United States, this was the standout. Thank you Nopa. I love you.
Must get the olive oil bread! So moist and delicious! Had the fennel sausage and poached eggs - great as well. He had the smoked trout which was solid. Bacon was ok, but would definitely come back. To sum it all up - olive oil bread olive oil bread olive oil bread!
NOPA seems to be ALWAYS crowded. They have a fun atmosphere, good food, and good drinks though so this isn't really a surprise.FYI they _do_ save tables for walk-in. So even if opentable says they are totally booked, go by and put your name on the list, just be prepared to wait (a while)They have some good beers, and a good drink selection in general so you can always hang out around the bar area while you wait, though there isn't a ton of room. The big table by the bar and the stools are first come first serve so if you party is small enough you could try for one of those (you can get full menu there as well), but having an actual table is nicer.Their burger is really great! Really excellent meat, perfectly cooked, and love the sweet onions. The harissa aioli for the fries was also really tasty! There aren't enough good burgers in this city, but NOPA definitely ranks up in the top regardless.
Oh man, NOPA. I came here with my parents a few weeks ago for a nice family brunch and - wow, just...wow. The ambiance is calm and the venue is absolutely adorable. The place can get incredibly packed so I recommend getting a reservation through Open Table.First things first - they asked me how I wanted my bacon; which actually _was_ a first for me! Anyplace that asks how I want my bacon gets an A+ in my book. I got the half order of French Toast topped off with delicious fresh fruit and (obvi) my side of bacon and a Bloody Mary (drool). My step-mother ordered a cappuccino and we were delighted that the barista decorated the cup with coffee art in the shape of a heart.NOPA is a little on the pricy side but it's absolutely delish and I'll definitely be going back with friends for cocktails and conversation when I visit SF again.
Not sure I really understand what makes this place so popular. Pretty cool spot with cool Wu Tang inspired drinks, but the food was unimpressive. Had the pork chop which was pretty good but I'd try something different next time. I've had at least two chops at other places that I would rather have. Wife had the rotisserie chicken which came out with very soft/mushy skin. That was confusing. Appetizer we had was goat cheese and some pear slices which was real good. I think my expectations were high but I never once thought that this place would not deliver.
The Restoration Hardware of restaurants. Screams class on all levels. Smells of smoky reclaimed hardwood and spices. Wine is a bit lame (but that's my opinion when warm Napa reds are served in cheap stemware) but the food makes up for it. Pork chop is worth the hype. Do it.
I was sooo excited to go to this place and my experience was just "meh"... This was the first restaurant I've waited 2 hours to get a table at because I just had to eat here and when we finally got the food I was pretty disappointed.On a positive note, the atmosphere is bomb, so if you just want a place to have a drink and a quick bite at the community table then stop by otherwise make your reservations wayyy upfront so you can grab a quick bite. Again, not amazing but healthy and a place to be seen at.
Over 2000 reviews ? Of course i have to try this place! Nopa is near Alamo Square and is located on a corner. Tip: Reserve ahead of time because this place is packed!I came during brunch time and tried 4 items:Scone: Normal scone, nothing special.Custard French Toast:French toast with custard in the middle and a few strawberries on top. It was actually too mushy and kind of on the sweet side. Did not have that kick to it. Pork Chilli: Pulled park with black beans. No specialty kick to it.Hamburger: AMAZING! Best hamburger ive ever tasted. The meat patty was cooked to perfection with the best bread patty ive ever tasted. The picked onions complemented the buger really well. Ketchup wasnt even needed to eat this burger. That's how good it was. The fries were an easy pass to me though. Service here was great. Nice server that was very knowledgable. Great ambiance. I would like to come back here one day for dinner or the hamburger. The other items that i tried was an easy passover. This place deserves 4 stars for their hamburgers and service. Im sure their dinner would be delicious.
I LOVE NOPA. My brother took me out for my birthday here. We didn't have a reservation so we decided to wait it out, which they take down your number and call you when your table is ready.We had a number of dishes, started off with the flatbread and another appetizer that escapes me right now. For entree, we all got the pork chop. For some side we got the grilled broccoli and braised greens.The apps were pretty good, not the most memorable. The pork chop however was absolutely amazing. Each bite was super tender and juicy. The chop was well seasoned. The sauce it came with was very tasty as well. I'm usually not a huge fan of brussell sprouts but it was pretty good today.Overall, I loved my experience at Nopa and it was for sure one of the best meals of my life. Now that Bi-Rite opened a place next door, the combination is even better.
FINALLY This place gets checked off my list! I went over the weekend and there are three things I would want to get if I was on a deserted island and somehow NOPA was available 1. The pork chop2. The veggie tangine 3. the sopaipillas with spiced honey I also liked the french fries with basil aioli the flatbread with arugula and bacon the caramel ice box tart blue bottle mini french press dealios the duck Bethany our server was awesome.. super friendly (tangent: loved your earrings!) as was everyone that brought food etc. Parking is a pain but its SF so that makes sense.. I wish it was not 70 miles from where I live!!
I came to NOPA for a friend's birthday. Their service is great and food is reasonably priced for the quality of food we were eating. 6 of my friends and I split our meals and I can say that the burger lived up to its hype. We ordered a side of broccoli too which was delicious and wonderfully seasoned. Order anything and you won't be disappointed.
If you have time, and you're not starving (yet), NOPA is a great place to go. Their menu is always changing which is great. It gives people like me, who cannot deviate from ordering the same things, try new items. Ive enjoyed all their dishes from appetizer to main course. You can't go wrong with that pork chop!It gets crowded here even late at night around 11 on weekends. Make reservations! You can always try catching a seat at the bar or the communal table...or just have some drinks while you wait for a table. While I do like their decor and ambiance, I don't think large parties will do well here. I sat upstairs and was looking down at a booth with 5 people and boy do they look cramped and uncomfortable!
This is one of the best places to eat in the city! Great food, but make a reservation because they are always crowded.
Grabbed a spot at the bar on a busy weeknight. I was in town for work and met a friend. The bartenders were great - very friendly but not pushy, attentive but not creepy. You can choose one of their delicious cocktails from the menu or tell them what you like and they'll mix up something great. The flatbread with cheddar, apples, and bacon was very good. The perfect balance of salty and sweet. Food came fast, which was great - we were hungry!
Came here for brunch with my girl Kristine, and we started it off right with some alcoholic drinks. I had a blood orange mimosa and she had another citrusy drink (forgot what the name of it was). As for the food, she had the polenta with a side of bacon, and I had the braised pork. We also shared a half order of the French toast. Everything was super yummy, and I especially loved the French toast. It was custardy deliciousness. I want to come back to try the dinner here.
Nopa is such a perfect place for brunch. GET RESERVATIONS. I don't know why you wouldn't - so many delicious places in SF don't take reservations and this one does, so just DO IT and thank me later :)I came here for brunch with a group of 4 and we sat in a cozy booth with the sun streaming in toward us from the high windows. We all decided to get something different and reap the benefits by swapping foods around the table. SO GLAD I DID. I got the goat cheese bread pudding, and my friends got the custard french toast, the slow cooked pork, the oven baked farm egg, and (I think) the kale salad. Nopa really knows how to deliver flavor. Everything we ordered had gorgeous presentation and was amazing even without a hangover cloud of haziness to peer through. My favorite had to be the french toast (no surprise, it's a weakness of mine), but the goat cheese bread pudding is definitely good if you're a cheese-o-phile (sorry, don't know the technical term for that one!)It's located in Hayes Valley, really close to Alamo Square, so after you're done, feel free to waddle over and plop down close to the Painted Ladies and digest for the rest of the day!
First point worth making about this place is that it's open til 1 which is pretty late for a restaurant. Their menu has a nice selection of side dish/small plate things that are perfect for a snack when you don't really want a full-on meal. Impeccable service, knowledgeable/polite staff, and beautiful interiors create an almost-perfect dining experience. And though the food doesn't reel you in with necessarily flashy ingredients or enticing food pairings on the menu, I think I've realized that that's why I come back. It's consistently good and reliable. Otherwise, with over three thousand reviews, I'm sure everything else I'd probably want to say has been said about this place. All there's left to do is really just try it for yourself!
OCCASION: 4 NY friends meeting up in SF!AMBIANCE: Busy but not overwhelming. Great energy and vibe.SERVICE: Very friendly and helpful. Host was welcoming and accommodated our request to be seated earlier since a friend was heading to the airport right after dinner. Waiter Bryan was a self-proclaimed expert water pourer (and he was GOOD). We in turn impressed him by how much we ate.ORDER: We shared all of our main dishes, and it was so fresh, flavorful, beautifully presented. The broccoli is not "just broccoli", it's amazing. The burger was a last minute add (after we finished #1-5 haha), but also a MUST EAT. Pork Chop is the other top dish to get. Prices are reasonable too, esp compared to NY! Would consider another dessert instead of what we had - flavors didn't compliment each other as well as we hoped. 1. Moroccan Vegetable Tagine, Toasted Almonds and Lemon Yogurt (19)2. Pork chop, Broccoli di ciccio, Grilled Apple, Pomegranate, and Horseradish Cream (26)3. Seared Duck Breast, Creamy Farro, Chanterelle Mushrooms, Snap Peas, and Radish (26)4. Halibut, Tomato Cream, Butternut Squash, Fennel, Capers, and Olives (25)5. Grilled Broccoli, Lemon, Anchovy, and Breadcrumbs (6)6. Grass Fed Hamburger, Pickled Onions, and French Fries (14)7. Pear and Persimmon Tartlet - Honey Sesame Ice Cream, Almond Praline, Pomegranate (8)EXTRAS:- RSVP: Made it a week in advance - for sure recommended, this place is popular! Did not have to wait to get seated.- SEATING: We sat on the 2nd floor overlooking the kitchen - I would say it's the best seat in the house to see the chefs at work.- PARKING: Only street parking available. Had to keep circling, but something opened up eventually.- BI-RITE: is next door and closes at 9pm. The ice cream there is the best!!! Coffee Toffee and Salted Caramel, mmm. I had it before dinner!- SPARKLING WATER: Surprise! Doesn't charge extra, yay.RECO: All in all - we were comfortably full and HAPPY HAPPY at the end of the meal! I can for sure see why it's a favorite for so many people, and the experience captures SF so well. Can't wait to go back next time I'm in town!
We went for drinks and desserts.Drink options were more than what you can ask for and spread over pages and pages of menu card.We had expresso blue bottle cocktail with vodka in drinks, and in desserts we had chocolate de pot creme ,cardamom rice pudding which was beautifully served with orange,cardamom,caramel,pecan nuts etc.Desserts were delicious.I would come her again.Wish they could add more items in desserts to serve for larger groups.Crowd was trendy and casual.Great to catch up with a passing by friend.Service at its best.
Love this place food is great. It can be a little energetic so sit up stairs if you're looking for quieter position.
This was our first experience at NOPA. As expected the food was fantastic especially the warm goat cheese and strawberry crostini appetizer and the donut desert was yummy. However, the staff is what made our experience even more memorable. Tristen was the best host. It was our 25th wedding anniversary and he went above and beyond to make us feel special. One of the most amazing things is the coordination and collaboration between all of the staff. It was like watching a very well choreographed play. We will definitely go back and refer our friends and family to NOPA!
Not sure this place is worth putting yourself out for a 1.5-2 hour wait, but otherwise it is very good and trendy can be fun. We had:- broccoli: really very good- pea soup: also very good- quinoa-trout salad: not bad (no statebird quinoa salad--that one is amazing)- flat bread: good to very good.Good service. Solid 4.2 stars. Note: Tuesdays are No Porkchops days.
One star deduct for how trendy NOPA has become, but the food is bomb-diggity. Of course the burger is the popular pick, but it's also ridiculously good. And if you go without a reservation and somehow score a seat at the communal table than you're either very determined or good with elbows.
Every time I've been to Nopa, I feel as though there is a distinct attitude problem there. It. Maybe they hate their jobs, maybe they love being servers at Nopa - I'm not quite sure what it really is but it would be nice if there was some warmth in their interactions with patrons. The last time, and I mean, the very last time I will ever go there, was for brunch. I really enjoy talking to servers about the menu and asking for their opinion. I feel like most people will be absolutely honest to you if you ask what they think the best course is. I was waiting for my party at the chef's hightop table in front of the kitchen and asked my server about the brunch menu. His response was jarring. He gave off the air of being harried and annoyed that I had asked him. Then told me to wait until the other person in my party had arrived and then he would tell the both of us. Then he muttered something about "and when I'm less busy." The more I thought about it, the angrier I got. I've never worked in a restaurant but I do know something about customer service. That was NOT it. The food is good but never great there. I've had various appetizers, the pork chop, and the oven baked egg. None of it is worth dealing with servers with the attitude of a 13yo teenage girl.
Oh Nopa, the hype, the wait...all worth it. My bf and I came here a while back to resolve an epic fight. We were not in the best mood so I was doubtful it would be pleasant when on a Thursday night we walked in and were faced with a 45 minutes dinner wait. Off to the bar we go. We certainly had a lot to talk about and a couple of drinks later we were on our way back to our loving selves.We were seated upstairs at a cozy balcony table and perused the menu. We ordered the appetizer of clams in a tomato bacon broth. Before that arrived, the waitress (service was excellent) brought us a blood orange salad, courtesy of the kitchen, dressed in a spicy vinaigrette. Delicious! The clams followed and were perfectly cooked, I had the fresh pappardelle with a boar ragu and my bf had the pork chop. We were so pleased with our meal! I am still craving that pappardelle and am waiting for some inspiration to recreate it at home!
Great food, service and atmosphere. Backfilling reviews for when we lived in SF only a few blocks away. Sure there's a three hour wait on weekends, so we'd walk down (don't do over the phone wait list) and then head home or to The Page bar to wait.
Apparently there was drama just getting a table here, which just made me feel more fancy for getting in! And also thankful that I have friends who can handle snobby service-peeps to GET said reservation!The setting was run-of-the mill for an upscale brunch place in SF- I would compare it to a larger Bar Tartine, just not as focused on bread. Giant ceilings, wooden tables and booths, giant full-bar with seating (should you not like the reservation-drama!).Our server was great-- speedy, funny, not imposing, not arrogant. A rarity at upscale brunch places in SF! Small food menu, large drink menu-- just how I like it! I had the smoked trout with farmer's dill cheese on a homemade bagel. It was phenomenal-- the cheese was stand-out and the (REAL) bagel was a rare treat (although toasted a little harshly, not to split hairs, or bagels!).French toast for the table, because we're no fools! Word on the street is that it's dope--- the streets don't lie! It was slathered in maple syrup and butter, but would've been just as gooey and delicious on its own. It was the perfect combo of gooey/eggy, and firm/chewy. The waffle made a great vehicle for the waterfall of butter cascading over its side.Cocktails were on the pricey side, yet well worth it. My neon-colored, fruity brunch drink actually tasted like something that a bartender wouldn't laugh at making. Also, they do some great things with whiskey (adding walnut and maple liquors)!My buddy got the bratwurst, because SOME people just have to be better than everyone else. This came with spaetzle, which I promptly ordered a side of--looked just like Grandma's, but a little on the soft side. Still delicious, and drenched in butter!It was a fabulous meal, especially considering that this is upscale brunch in San Francisco. A shared appetizer, meal, 2 cocktails, side dish, tax and tip ran me at about $48. Not too too bad, considering the $10 drinks and the quality of EVERYthing.I give it 4 stars- only because it's just a speck in the sea of upscale "New American" "farm-to-table" brunchy restaurants in San Francisco. No surprises here whatsoever, which was a good thing!
I have dined at NOPA a bazillion times, and it is still one of the best, for dinner at least. However I'm not sure how I feel about the brunch. The hostess quoted us a 2.5 hour wait time, but luckily we were seated in 1.5 hours (my friend lives across the street so it was fine). I guess they do that just to play it safe. Whatever. The menu itself I thought was a little weak. There are many items that are already on the dinner menu (burger, flatbread, goat cheese salad) so it's not very different/ exciting. You basically have the choice between a couple egg dishes and French toast. There was also a bagel and fish dish (eh).I guess the climatic complaint in my review is that there was no pancake offering. I love pancakes! I always get pancakes at brunch. Plus I would imagine Nopa would make some pretty divine pancakes. All in all I don't know if I would wait in line for the brunch again, but as my friend pointed out we were really there for status, anyway.Dear god.
Situation:Brunch (twice) and dinnerThe Good:- The food is fantastic (especially the French Toast)- Great service- You can sit in front of the kitchen and watch the chef's cookThe Bad:- Long waits
Parents were in town and while they lived in the bay while I was a toddler, I thought I would show them how the city has evolved since. Nopa was incredible the first time I went with friends, but they didn't serve the pork chop that night, so I made sure this time to go when they did. Both my parents were impressed by the food and the pork chop was incredible. As I did the first time I went, we got all sorts of things from the menu to start and everything was delectable in a unique way! (Luckily I got to keep my wallet in my pocket this time). If you want spot on service with amazing food, Nopa is the place to be. And the hostess Marissa was on point, it's always nice to have someone like that running the front!
Had dinner with wifey at NOPA, really good food- the feta/butter beans/pesto was amazing and that's not something I usually order. Flatbreads and pasta was so good. Very mid 20s-late 30s crowd in a hipstery part of SF. Would be an awesome place to goto with a group of friends. We sat at a table upstairs on the edge over looking the kitchen which was pretty cool. Id def go back
Nice spot for brunch! Tip: It's super popular so I would recommend a reservation in advance if you don't want to be heart broken.Food: Friends tried the chorizo, long cooked pork, kale salad, and the cream biscuit. I had 1/2 a place of the famous custard french toast (with apples on top) and the house bacon. I think the 1/2 plate and bacon is a good combo for sweet and savory for those that enjoy mixing flavors - 1/2 only comes with one THICK piece of toast but I was pretty full after the meal. Drink: For a cocktail, I decided to try something new. I got the Ramos Gin Fizz - Gin, Cream, Lime Lemon, Egg White. My first drink with egg white - it was like drinking some tasty milk with booze! Try it if you dare.Price: Expect to pay $25-35, depending on the dish you order and how many cocktails you buy. I paid about $25 for one cocktail and breakfast. Getting There: The reviews complained it would take about 20 minutes to park so I decided to bus it instead. You can take the 21 and the 6 from Downtown to get here in about 20 minutes. Very accessible via public transpo.It was all pretty delicious and the service was great, no complaints. The hostess is extremely patient and charming might I add. I'd like to come back and try the eggs which everyone else seems to rave about in the reviews. Hopefully next time!
It was a great experience for our recent Mother's day / birthday combo dinner. Making reservation can be challenging, As soon as the 30 day advance window opens, all the weekend seats at decent hours will be taken.The place is casual, rustic and energetic. Our waiter was friendly, informative and efficient, wine by the glass and cocktails were both good. The food was even better; appetizers we ordered were goat cheese, duck egg/leg and flat bread - all so yummy, enough for sharing but leaving us wanting more. Our main courses the rabbit loin (yes, I was adventurous) the pork chop and duck pasta were all excellent. The pork chop was everyone's favorite. A thick cut of pork chop, extremely tender, moist and flavorful, the best we've had in a long time. The fresh baked bread was also one of the best; not sure why it is only served per request.Too full for dessert, French press coffee was good. Will definitely be back for the brunch and more dinners.
Having just driven 8+ hours up the PCH from LA with my cousin, the two of us were looking to have a bite after having checked into our nearby B&B. NOPA according to yelp had some solid reviews, and really, I did not have anything bad to say about it either. Yeah, there was a wait, but being in a foreign city almost makes the wait more fascinating - as if these people were martians or something. I mean, they weren't New Yorkers of course :).Enough of my chauvinist attitude, but seriously, the 30-1 hour wait didn't kill us. Good selection at the bar, varied 20-30 something crowd, and a loud atmosphere. One of the few places that had the kitchen open late in the area, too.We were sat at the Chef's counter, which was a cool look into the preparation of the meals. Yeah, this may be the last resort seating, but I had no issues. I had a pretty solid burger, which hit the spot. Waitress tried to take away my knife to which I tried to playfully hold on to and have her grab, and she didn't seem too happy.Maybe next time I'll try it with a spoon. No, I wasn't stabbed. My pride was slightly, though.
Love their brunch, and had been meaning to come back for dinner. Service was excellent (at one point my friend was just looking inquisitively around, just checking out the decor, and our server immediately noticed and came over to ask if she needed help w/ anything =) as always, and food was solid (though it was a mixed bag).MUST-HAVES: Flatbread, country porkchop, poached albacore.* Amuse bouche: apples with dip and sea salt4 starsVery nice way to start off the meal! It was light and the flavors paired with apple were very novel and delicious.* Baked giant white beans, feta, oregano and bread crumbs $93.5 starsStrong tangy tomato flavor, though a little too strong for my taste. Otherwise beans were cooked perfectly and this was definitely enjoyable.* Flatbread of rasso ham, early girl tomatoes, arugula and yogurt $144.5 starsDelicious! SO simple yet so wonderful. The tomatoes are so fresh and the yogurt was a perfect pairing. Loved the smokey flavor of the ham as well.* Housemade pappardelle, spicy fennel sausage (not included b/c we did veggie), delicata squash and parmesan $193 starsThe squash was really great - it was cooked to the point that it was extremely soft, and we all thought it was actually sweet potato. The pappardelle was a little on the hard side. I don't think the version I had did the dish justice though as we got a veggie version.* Grilled country pork chop, potatoes, roasted fantasy grapes and upland cress $254.5 starsWonderful. The pork chop was THICK, yet it was cooked perfectly. Great flavor, moist, fairly tender (as tender as a pork chop really can get). The side salad was really great and the grapes surprisingly a nice touch.* Rotisserie herbed chicken, chicories, fennel, preserved lemon, dates and pecorino $192.5 starsA visually impressive dish as you practically get an entire chicken. While the skin was done really well and had great seasoning and a nice subtle crunch, the meat itself was very dry and quite disappointing. The side salad was bland and lacked flavor.* Olive Oil Poached Albacore, Avocado, Spiced Chickpeas and Smoked Pepper Salsa $134.5 starsTried a bite of my friend's and the tuna was seared perfectly, the inside left raw, and the fresh avocado and chickpeas were a great combo. The flavor has quite a kick to it too!* French fries and red pepper feta dip $62 starsFries were not impressive. I found them to be hard, the outside lacked that nice crunch when you bit into it, and they really had zero flavor (I know - it comes with dip. But fries should be self sustainable flavor-wise too).* Cocci Cup4 starsTried a sip of this cocktail - light, refreshing, delicious!
Any restaurant with a community table and high-end cocktails is going to get my approval. The food here is awesome! I would definitely come back again.
Food it absolutely delicious, the menu often changes. Decent cocktails too. Make sure to reserve a table well in advance (max. 1 month).
Excellent food paired with excellent service. Fresh preparations of local vegetables and tried and true meats. Excellent night out. I would recommend this place. If you can get in!
Review 69, so I went somewhere special. This place was surprisingly packed for 11pm on Saturday. And it wasn't SantaCon crowd as there were no Santa hats that I saw. I would highly recommend making a reservation.NOPA is what I would describe as... comfortable. Either they take great pains to keep everything nice and toasty, or the sheer amount of people in the restaurant do that by itself. People are lively but not loud, which I thought was nice, because I am basically a little old man. Drinks: SF priced, that is to say, expensive, but complex, and makes you hinge on "worth it" and "why did I just pay $12 for a drink I downed in three sips." My date ordered an inexpensive pinot ($15), but it was very tasty and went well with our food. ALSO: they give you little orange slices with seasalt and paprika, which was surprisingly tasty and warded off hunger until appetizers came. Probably one of my favorite features of this place. Appetizer: We got the flatbread, which was amazing. There's something about San Francisco that loves putting arugula on everything, which I would normally despise, but the sauce and the cheese that they layered underneath the arugula were so, so good. Absolutely must try the flatbread, if nothing else.Entree: Overall, 33% of it was fantastic, 66% of it was mediocre. Let me explain: we got the crab fettuccine and the fish stew. Presentationwise, everything was quite elegant. Tastewise, however, I was left a little disappointed. The crab fettuccine was good only providing that you got to actually EAT crab with every bite, and portionwise, that wasn't really feasible. As for the fish stew, the cod, in my opinion, was one the best damn cod I have ever tasted. Unfortunately, there was very little, and instead most of the real estate was taken up by clams and mussels, of which about 20% were OVERCOOKED. What?! Yes. Tiny, shrivled little clams and mussels forced me to bite the bullet and eat them so my date wouldn't have to, all the while cursing overcooked seafood. Also, while some chickpeas were fried and delicious, many just sat in the broth underneath a piece of oily-looking bread (wasn't actually that oily) soaking everything up and becoming soggy. Ugh. Soggy chickpeas! Why?!Well, that's it for my *very long* review. If it was just the entrees, I would have given it 3 stars for how expensive it was. But because of the excellent drinks, the delicious flatbread, and the very cozy atmosphere, it's a fairly solid 4. Give it a try!
This was one of my best meals in San Francisco. I'm used to seasonal cuisine, but this is the utmost -- if it's not in season, you don't get it; if it is, it'll be in every dish!We started our meal off with Trummer's and an Old Cuban (basically, an off the menu-refined Mojito), followed with an amuse of yogurt and apple on crostini. I like corn, a bit more than others, and I LOVED the corn soup. Weeks after I was daydreaming about the sweet corn soup with roasted tomatoes and peppers, wishing corn was as in-season and used on the east coast. The flatbread of house smoked bacon, nectarines, corn, and crescenza was the perfect thin-ness and crispiness and the flavors of the bacon and nectarines bounced back and forth off of each other. For the entree we split the country pork chop, fingerling potatoes, jimmy nardello peppers and green beans.NOPA is a great place to try new produce, or produce you may have been exposed to earlier but didn't really like (I was converted to the nectarine camp). The flavors are all fresh and burst in your mouth, but mingle with the other elements on the plate as well. Service was attentive and informative. I also like how they have their seasonal menus printed on wood on the back wall--the whole space felt very organic and fancy, yet relaxed.
I am writing this review based entirely on a terrible experience I had AFTER dining at NOPA tonight. I am very worried about a dog we found tied up outside the restaurant, who was in distress and apparently belonged to one of the employees of this restaurant.As a group of friends and I were making our way out of the restaurant after enjoying a lovely dinner, we encountered an adorable, yet visibly distressed dog tied up to a parking meter in front of the restaurant. The dog, a yellow lab, was sprawled out on the sidewalk, hyperventilating. This was not regular panting -- the dog appeared limp and out-of-it, and his breathing was alarmingly rapid. Several of us immediately noticed something was very wrong with him, and we went in to the restaurant to ask the host if he had seen the owner come in, and for a bowl of water. The host said he would check "in a minute." Ten to fifteen minutes later, the water had not materialized, and by this point, a crowd had formed around the dog, who now was panting even harder. A girl from my party and I went across the street to Popeye's -- yes, to Popeye's -- to get plastic cups of water for the dog, since NOPA (where we had just dropped hundreds of dollars on dinner) was unwilling to provide any. Finally, after about 20 minutes, the host came outside and informed us that the dog's owner was an employee of the restaurant and that everything was "fine." We once again asked for a water bowl, and he declined, saying that the dog was fine and didn't need any water. He said the owner routinely ties the dog up during her shift.Something was very wrong, and nobody at this restaurant seemed willing to help this dog. Everyone standing outside knew something was wrong, and was trying to help--other than the actual owner, or anyone else associated with this restaurant.Finally, after being chastised that we were all overreacting and being told by another employee that the dog, whom she called Lionel, was simply a "drama queen," I reluctantly got in a cab and went home, with an enormous pit in my stomach. That pit is still there, which is why I am writing this review. If anyone at NOPA cares about their own pet, or animals in general, I hope you will give this some consideration. This is not a comment on your food or your service as far as the dining experience at your restaurant goes. But I feel compelled to bring this to someone's attention, not to get anyone in trouble, but to hopefully prevent it from happening again.  Lionel, I really hope you're okay.
Best burger in the city, maybe ever. Went for brunch and everything was outstanding. Super fresh, local ingredients. We had the house-made Rosemary sausage with eggs, the burger, the bacon, which was also the best ever, and the apple turnover. Our drinks were delicious and five stars for our server.
NOPA is one of my favorite restaurants in SF. The wait staff is very knowledgeable and friendly, and the food is always amazing. I've tried close to everything on the menu and literally everything is good. The menu changes quite frequently and I have yet to have a bad dish at NOPA.NOPA's kitchen is open until 1am every night, so it is my go-to spot for late-night grub. The bar also has some pretty fantastic drinks.Unfortunately I don't have a picture, but the pork chop is hands down the BEST I've ever had.Here are some highlights from past meals:Scone (yelp.com/biz_photos/nopa)(Brunch) The scone was really good, but the lemon creme was AMAZING! I ended up putting a ton of it on the scone because it was so good!Custard French Toast (yelp.com/biz_photos/nopa)(Brunch) Probably the best french toast that I've had in SF so far. It's really heavy, so make sure you split it.Farm Eggs with Fried Polenta and Seasonal Vegetables (yelp.com/biz_photos/nopa)(Brunch) Didn't blow me away, but were delicious.Piggy Platter (yelp.com/biz_photos/nopa)(Dinner) It was quite tasty, but didn't blow me away. Grass Fed Hamburger, Pickled Onions and French Fries (yelp.com/biz_photos/nopa)(Dinner) One of the staples on the menu that is simply amazing. The burger is quite simple, but in my opinion, the best simple burger in SF. Other places have great burgers with lots of crazy things in them, but none match the quality and preparation of NOPA's burger.
Always a SOLID experience. From service to food and drinks, no complaints at all.Walked in at 5:30pm Sunday waited a bit to get seated around 6pm when dinner service started. Hard to get rezzies, usually only availability is after 10pm.4 adults; 2 kids. We tried about 10-12 dishes, all excellent. WOW. Couldn't find a problem.Only thing I wish they had more Napa/Sonoma wine selections. Mainly French/Spanish that I'm not too familiar with. But you can always ask for assistance with you wine choice. All good.
uh, simply put: Amazing. nothing on the menu disappointed.
I got very lucky with this famously great bar/restaurant when the place I originally targeted turned out to be closed on the Monday night when I showed up for happy hour specials! So I asked the next-door grocer what place he could recommend in the area, and he pointed me to NOPA a block away as one of the best in SF -- and he was spot on!I cannot add anything new to the other glowing comments about the drinks, food, and buzzing vibe below, except that I can relate how you get served off the full menu and get a last-minute seat without a reservation!I was by myself, and when I entered asking the hostess, "This is probably a stupid question, but is there any way I could get a table for dinner at this early hour?" -- she told me that if I got a seat at the bar or at one of the several informal tables alongside it, I could order off the full menu starting at 6 PM. Sure enough, there was a seat at the bar, and even better with friendly people next to me on each side for conversation before 6 came around to order food. The guy at the bar also turned out to be a very helpful server (like a regular waiter) who answered questions about both the wines and the food to ensure I would be satisfied.I love wine and they've got a great selection by the glass, but don't go into this place worrying about what you're spending or that'll be the only way you might feel disappointed, because it ain't inexpensive (especially with the four glasses of quality wine I consumed over two hours until doors opened for the concert I was attending at The Independent down the street -- bringing my total bill for one person to over $100 before tip!). But for a lovely dining experience in every respect, I can attest that it's absolutely delightful even for one, and hopefully I'll have someone special to impress when I take her next time!
2.5 STARSWhen I started to write this review, I hesitated. I feel like my last few reviews have been negative, and I took a step back and wondered if I'm being overly harsh or negative myself. Truth is, I was looking forward to a great repeat experience at NOPA, and I was in a laissez faire mood that would have let a few things slip, so I believe my rating and review to be both accurate and fair.My first experience at NOPA was late-night and great, particularly an outstanding pork chop that was among the best I'd ever had. That said, consistency is probably the hardest thing to pull off in most businesses, particularly restaurants, and this is where NOPA failed.Service: Our waitress was curt and unpleasant. Rather than make our meal in this wonderful room fun and enjoyable, she was Debbie Downer and everyone at the table agreed. In addition, the wait between app and entre was almost an hour, with no apologies or explanation. Getting a side sauce, etc., was impossible, I could catch staff with a wave and a smile, and they would simply walk by or look away and pretend eye contact had never occurred.Food: My entre, the NY Strip, was tough, chewy, ringed with hard fat, and a very poor dish. The rest of the table enjoyed their food, but there was nothing exceptional (and my friend's burger was severely overcooked, but he was too polite to say so). The apps were just average. On food, I'd give it a three.Value: Prices were, relative to restaurants with these kind of ingredients, staff, and room, very reasonable.Overall, the service killed this place for me. Sometimes, the food is so good you're willing to look the other way. Not so for NOPA. I won't be returning.
I finally had a chance to try NOPA! Too bad it was just an ok experience. =/ After looking over the menu and ordering, we were presented with a pickled cucumber dish that, well, tasted like a sour cucumber. It was a refreshing amuse bouche though. As many Yelpers mention, their flatbread appetizer is delicious! Ours had pesto, sausage, and other fresh ingredients baked into it. It came out crispy, hot, and oh-so-devine! We both also ordered the grass-fed burger - mine with gruyere cheese. Unfortunately the taste of the cheese was lost in each bite but the burger was cooked perfectly. The burger was a perfect size but lacked flavor, although it did have a beefy-taste to it. A good burger, but not one of the best I've had sadly. Service was pretty good. I would suggest making a reservation, as by 6:30 every table in the restaurant, and the bar, was filled.
We began our dining experience with a server whose general attitude was that she was doing us a favor by gracing us with her presence. I felt like we were imposing on her with our very existence. I get the whole hipster thing... The decidedly aloof demeanor tinged with some sense of haughtiness. That being said we received a new server who I assume was sent in to do damage control. I think his name was Ryan and he was extremely genuine and kind. I guess the food was good... Seemed average to me but that's probably because the initial service left a bad taste in my mouth.
Came here for Sunday brunch with my love and it was our first visit to this restaurant. Food was delicious and service was great. I had no idea how many people show up as soon as doors open at 11am, the line is at times 15-20 deep. Luckily I was able to make an 11:15am reservation, so we checked in at 11am and the hostess came to get us at 11:15am on the dot. We started with the cream biscuit with jam, really fluffy and delicious. We also shared the housemade granola, they were even nice enough to split it into two separate bowls for us. Loved this dish, the yogurt was super decadent and made the perfect combination with the granola and selection of fruits that were sweet with a hint of tartness. For the main course, the bf ordered the grilled sausage. I ordered the braised pork. Both very good dishes that we would order again. Our overall experience was great and we're definitely going to come back in the future to experience the dinner menu. =)
Great ambiance: A large, two-story room (feels like an old bank), but split up between communal tables, a bar, seats facing the oven and kitchen and an assortment of tables on two levels. Even with that space it was not unreasonably noisy, more like a high energy atmosphere.We came for a 6 pm reservation on a Monday night and were seated without much waiting. Excellent service throughout the meal; large numbers of staff were serving customers.Enjoyed the seasonal 2014 Beaujolais Nouveau with the amuse bouche of butternut squash puree on toast. The menu has the right number of choices. We shared a kale salad with pecorino, pear, and hazelnuts in a lemony dressing. I had the pork chop roasted in the wood oven, with sweet potatoes in a sweet orange sauce. The pork was succulent, perhaps from brining, with great pork flavor. A large portion but not excessive like in Texas. My wife had the flatbread with sausage, greens, olives and mushrooms. Nice and spicy. Overall, worth many repeat trips.
Je suis un touriste, it's true, but I had an insider scoop to come check this out. Love this neighbourhood- tons to do and see in the "real san francisco". We came for lunch but it swiftly got marked as brunch instead. I had a salad (because, ahem, I'd already had one brunch already that day), and I twinned that salad with one king kong p-diddy of the cocktail world. It just works. I really like Nopa (even though there's a bit of a queue to get seated). Make sure you get a side order of bread with the fig compote and butter. Absolutely delish-ville. Felicitations Nopa, I'll be back next time. (Not sure why I'm pretending to be French in some of this review, je suis desole).
My two girlfriends and I finally got a chance to dine at NOPA last evening. We did not have a reservation (highly highly recommended) so we lucked out and got a few seats at the bar. We started off with the warm goat cheese appetizer. This is so creamy and rich. We decided instead of entres to sample a bunch of their smaller dishes. We had:1. Curried chicken soup -- this was to die for. Chicken was tender and the broth had a wonderful flavor2. Avocado and beet salad -- beets were fantastic just a tad more avocado than I'd like. 3. Greens and carrots side dish - this was the least favorite of the night but still good. 4. Baked polenta with garlic and brussel sprouts - my second fav dish. Wow the sauce on this was incredible. Still craving right now. 5. Flatbread with ham, apples, caramelized onions and arugula.-- My fav of the night.Robbie is the best waiter!! Sit in his section if possible :) Overall we had such a great time. I live a few blocks away and I guarantee I will be back with my hubby. Maybe to try their brunch??
Worth every penny. Impeccable service and some of the best food I've ever eaten. Just make a reservation far in advance and you won't be disappointed. We had reservations for 9:30 on a Monday night, but while we were having drinks at the bar, we were able to snag a spot at the bar and eat early!FIrst of all, the service is amazing. I walked in and the bartender immediately handed me a menu, despite being occupied making drinks and serving others. The drinks are delicious, really can't go wrong with any one. And they let you taste the wine before committing to a full glass.I got the vegetable tangine. To die for. Roasted vegetables, crunchy almonds, spices, and their homemade lemon yogurt. And somehow it stayed hot throughout the meal! Or else I just ate really fast. Most likely a little of both. I highly recommend it.My boyfriend ordered the pork chop, and made comments about how good it was the whole time. I've never seen such a clean plate; there was literally only a bare bone left on the plate.Both of our dishes left of completely full, yet of course we still ordered dessert. The chocolate pot de creme. Smooth and velvety chocolate topped with cream. 750 calories well spent. There were some seeds sprinkled on top that I wasn't the biggest fan of, but it's ok because the rest of it made up for it and then some. Amazing service, and even better food. Just be sure to make reservations and your wallet!!
Goat cheese bread pudding = ok. Crispy edges, but it's basically a very smooth/rich quiche. Biscuit = ok.French Toast is super rich = good!Tip: order a side of the homemade marmalade which is perfect for cutting the richness! Can order 1 or 2 toasts. Don't see how a normal person can eat two of these in a row.
The burger is one of the best in the world! So yumyyyyyyy! I order some beer, and it was also wonderful! People lined up on Sunday afternoon as the restaurant is so good.
Have been to NOPA 3-4 times in the past few years, and always had a good experience. The food is delicious, the ambiance is ok, and it's right next to Bi-rite so hipster heaven right there. Reservations are difficult, try coming during a holiday (it was easy to just get a spot over Memorial Day), or try at the bar/lounge area. The burger and pork chops definitely get their well deserved raves. But everything is good, if not bountiful. Parking can be difficult.
Food was good Terrible service from Tyler. He didn't get our order correct and packed out left overs (porkchop and a burger with fries all into one box)And terrible service from a lady that was about 5'11" red hair.
Make sure you make a reservation in advance otherwise you could be eating at midnight (or later) on the weekend. But that's one of my favorite things about this restaurant is that it's open late - even during the week. The food is so delicious that if I write out my favorites I would just name most dishes on the menu. However I would recommend butter beans, gem salad, and brussel sprouts. Great cocktails with entertaining bar tenders...or mixologists. Service is also great despite how busy it gets. Perfect place to bring out of town guests.
I walked in with 4 of my friends on a Saturday. We were greeted by a rude host, who told us that it would be a 1.5 hour wait, which we were fine with. However, after grabbing a few drinks near by, we came back and asked how much longer our wait was. The same host refused to give us an estimate even though 1.5 hours had passed since we put our names down. We ended up waiting another half hour or so before we were seated. The entire time, we felt that the restaurant simply did not want our business.The food was good especially the pork chop, which was juicy and super flavorful. The burgers seem kind of small. They could've made it a tad more expensive and made the burgers bigger too. I had a seafood dish, which was under-seasoned and not great at all.I would probably not come back again unless I am dying for their pork chops. Even then, I would probably try one of the many other great SF restaurants since the service here was just that bad.
2-21-15: Now i can officially give NOPA the review they deserve. I did a little 6 month stint with them back in 2013 because i was already a fan, but now that it has been more than a year i can truly express how i feel about them. They are still the best in pretty much every category, especially considering the traffic that comes through. My fiance and i were celebrating us and our commitment (i had just proposed to her the night before), and we decided to try and get in via walk-in. Luck came through and we got a early table at 7, much appreciated NOPA. We pretty much ordered everything on the menu that was allowed to fit on our little table for 2. Duck pate, phenomenal! Honey comb, chervil, and olive oil toasted bread... we almost licked the plate. Flatbread next, perfect. Balanced with house smoked bacon, nice and acidic salsa, sweet mozza, and spinash. Good chew and crisp, keen bubble formation and touches of char to give that oldschool taste... like my Grandma would do to her flour tortillas. Then we went to the main course. Mid- Mid-rare Pork chop and their hand cut pappardelle w/ a side of the grilled broccoli. Words cant really describe the experience. That pork chop is still out of this world, from the 1st time i had it back in 2010 before i left to the culinary til now. Good pigs, good brine, and good grilling. The pappardelle... someone back there really understands pasta. Immediately transported to Italy and the immigrants that made this amazing city what it is today. We could seriously eat that for days.. And the broccoli, that's how broccoli should be. Some crunch, bright acidity and hints of anchovy; we are after all in the bay of California, briny sea flavors are essential. 2 very minimal imperfections to mention, after all no one is perfect. The carrots, which accompanied the succulent pork chop were, unfortunately, over done. And, our busy FOH server kinda wiped off some of the crumbs on our table onto my lap. Other than that, on point. The suggested glasses of Sangiovese complimented both our dishes wonderfully. Keep up the good work NOPA.
MMMMMM the best! my baby surprised me with a birthday desert at the end the grassfed burger was good. but i shouldnt of gotten blue cheese cuz it was overly strong. but i wanted that cuz i had a blue cheese thing during that time lolthe porkchop was freaken HUGE!!!
What would I say that 3000 other people havent. I hope I can convince my friends to come here. I came for a casual business dinner and I hope to bring my girlfriend next time.Its pricy but very worth it.
I first came here after one of the sushi chefs at Sushi Ran told me that their staff regularly haul all the way from Sausalito after work just for the burger.NOPA doesn't open for dinner till 6, but at 5 you can order munchies to tide you over: Fried Greenbeans & Rumesco, Tasso Ham & Gruyere Sandwich, Fennel Sausage, all solid. They didn't flinch when I asked for the Burger "as rare as they could make it" ...and they did, flawlessly. Juicy, smokey, on a buttery brioche bun, made lighter by pickled onions. Even my friend's medium-well burger dripped out a slop of juices when she bit into it. The fries are kind of pointless, so I try to sub for a veggie side (broccoli and carrots were both tasty). If you order the Pork Chop, don't bother with anything else because it is a dinosaur portion. Juicy, flavorful - eating it with the grilled apples is key. Or you can lighten things up with their refreshing cabbage and English Pea Salad. As for dessert, the bread pudding was average, but their Trio of frozen goodies (Earl Grey Ice Cream and Tangelo and Strawberry Sorbets) were pretty damn good,. So good that I have zero desire to go to Bi-Rite down the street afterwards.Open soaring ceilings, good service, open till 1AM, ~$25-45/person after T&T depending on how much pigging out is going on. This is my go-to burger in SF.UPDATE:If you want to avoid lines, come for Brunch at 1:30 or 2:00Their custard french toast is like a really creamy bread pudding. One is more than enough for mere mortals, two is for the likes of Kobayashi.
We had brunch here and it was super good. There were 6 of us and had a reservation. We were seated prompty with no wait. I started with a Bloody Mary and it was yummy, they also have some good beers too. We ordered a bunch of things but there were some real standouts. It may have been the best french toast I've ever eaten. The burger was good, my friends mom had the trout and said it was superb and I had some sort of baked eggs that were to die for as well. I highly recommend NOPA and look forward to my next visit.
My boyfriend and I ate here in January and both left stuffed and saying it was probably the best meal we'd had to date. We made reservations for 10:00pm, but got there at about 9:30 with the hopes that we could get a drink and maybe be seated early. And that's exactly how it went even though the place was packed (at 10pm on a Monday-not used to that!). By the time the bartender closed our tab, we were being seated (about 10 minutes early). We had a nice, small table on the bottom floor looking out toward the bar/kitchen. I quickly discovered that you don't get just one server here, but everyone on the floor is very attentive to all tables.A break down of the meal:Amuse-bouche: We were welcomed with this just after ordering our appetizer. That night's was a slice of fig with something on it (my memory is failing me here), but it was delicious and fun to be surprised with!App: crostini with warm goat cheese, grapes and pear. This was just amazing- tart, sweet, creamy, crunchy. I wanted it again and hope to make it at home!Dinner: we decided to split an entree so that we could enjoy something off every part of the menu (drinks, apps, entrees, desserts). We got the herb roasted chicken which I believe was half a chicken and plentiful with greens and potatoes. It was a warm, moist and comforting meal. I wish my roast chickens came out that way!Dessert: chocolate pot de creme with lavender and creme anglaise. Smooth, silky & the lavender was a great surprise/addition! We also got the hot chocolate which was more of a sipping chocolate. Very rich, but delicious!One thing that I thought was great of them: once we mentioned that we were splitting the entree, they brought it on two plates so that we didn't have to deal with splitting it ourselves and also brought the hot chocolate out in two small cups for us. It was nice that they took the cue and did it for us! Overall, the food was absolutely delicious. It's nothing out of this world crazy, but it's just done so well and is very fresh and flavorful. To me, that's what makes a great meal! And the service was great that evening- very attentive without being disruptive. I was never sitting there wondering where someone was, but was never wishing they'd leave us alone either. A great date night!
NOPA is my go to place for a late night meal and I probably eat here about 3-4x a month, but never feel the need to write a review since they do everything so well. I never make a resey and always choose to eat at the bar or communal table with my friends. The staff is excellent, from the bartenders to the somm, and the food is even better. The homemade pasta and slow cooked bolognese sauce was the highlight of my last meal there.
After raving about this place for the gazillion times I've been here, I finally had the chance to post this review. ONE of the reasons why I frequent SF is because of this place. Well worth the wait for the community table or even late hour reservations. Whenever I drive into the city from the South Bay, my NOPAmine receptors in my brain react automatically, and salivation commences just by thinking about their juicy and perfectly tasting grass-fed hamburger, their fries with a nice crunch, their spectacular Flatbreads with large chunks of bacon and garlic, and THE BEST PORK CHOP on earth!  These are my usual dishes for a reason! I've also dabbled with other excellent menu items like their Fried Brussels Sprouts, hearty soups, and tasty salads.I think I've had their entire dessert menu too. My faves include their Sopaipillas, Burnt Honey Creme Brulee with earl grey shortbread, and their Carmelized apple with bacon brittle and smoked ice cream.In this spacious restaurant, It's not difficult to over-stimulate those receptors, which results in the "reward feeling" like when taking a drug. Yes...like a drug, NOPA can be dangerous and addicting! To the awesome staff and lively ambiance....See you very soon!!
One of my all time favorite restaurants! the food is always great and the service is impeccable.
I honestly think San Francisco is THE best place to be. Sure there's a lot that people complain about (weather, cost of living, etc), but really, the concentration of AMAZING eats here is absolutely incredible. Greg and I hit up NOPA on Friday and FINALLY made it here after telling ourselves that we needed to go here over a year ago.We were seated up on their second level, looking down at everyone from our "perch". The high ceilings here add a touch of modernism to their rustic look. I totally love it.Having perused Yelp earlier on, I knew there were going to be a few staple items that had to get tried here. On top of that, Greg thought the wine list here was great, and ordered a bottle of the Calera "Ryan Vineyard" 2010 Mt. Harlan Pinot Noir for the two of us to share.Since we decided that we wanted to try a little bit of everything, we went family style on this and shared the following:Appetizers:Warm goat cheese with pluots, strawberries & crostinis: I recently discovered chevre (almost by accident at Cowgirl Creamery!) and so the goat cheese with fresh fruit was a home run for me. The crostinis were crispy and the fruit was definitely fresh and served in a cute little jar! We couldn't finish off the cheese, but if it weren't for the next dish, we probably would have.Flatbread of Bacon, Mission Figs, Arugula and Gruyere: Basically, this is a pizza. I think of flatbread, and I think of pita bread, but this dish was literally a pizza with bacon, figs, and cheese. Not that pizza is a bad thing though. I think we were assuming that it'd be a little lighter of an app since we had a full serving of carbs on the first dish. I really tried to diligent about managing how much I was eating before the actual entrees showed up, but I caved, and I ate most of what was on the plate. Sorry I'm not sorry.Entrees:Grilled Pork Chop, Cranberry Beans, Grapes, Broccoli di Ciccio and Romesco: First off, this dish size was HUGE! Good thing we were sharing this, I wouldn't have stood a chance with it by myself. Having had my fair share of pork chops in the city, Greg and I concluded that this pork chop was in the top tier category of what we've had, but not the pinnacle. Was it a solid selection and an absolute must-try item when you're at NOPA? Yes. Is it the best in SF? Eh, like I said earlier, it's a small city but it's got a lot of options, especially for pork chops.Housemade Pappardelle, Nine Hour Bolognese, Zucchini, Basil and Pecorino: Wow, what a delicious dish! I started with the pork chop, felt my clothes starting to constrict my comfort, and decided that it was time to switch things out and try the pasta. The pappardelle really is something else. The NINE HOUR bolognese sauce is hearty, thick, and is as much savory as it is comforting. My little qualm about the sauce was that it was a little on the salty side with nothing to cut it, but Greg thought it was absolutely perfect.At this point, I couldn't move. I came dressed in tights, and the resulting effect was that everything below my tights could be compared to a piping tool used to pipe frosting on cakes. I almost NEVER say no to dessert (or I'll at least try to make a modest attempt at it), but I seriously had to say no. I did, however, say yes to a cappuccino, but that was mostly in hopes that the coffee would aid in the digestion process. All in all, NOPA was most definitely a solid 4 star experience that was priced incredibly well! We will definitely be coming back soon!
Setting: Sunday brunch double date at NOPA, 11am. Reservations definitely required! Atmosphere: Gorgeous space, very open and not too noisy. Yelp says not kid friendly but there were a lot of kids there at that hour. I did think it was a bit pretentious, they don't serve regular coffee (just french press or espresso drinks) and they insist on using the raw sugar that doesn't melt because I'm sure regular sugar is too "mainstream". Ya, it's that kind of place.Service: Prompt and courteous from our waitress, but the girl who cleared our table was very aggressive and took away my coffee cup when I wasn't done.Starters: We started with the brioche and the goat cheese bread pudding (I think that's what it was?) to share. The brioche was good - hard to mess up a pastry - but the goat cheese bread pudding was served with a weird celery mayo thing on the side and left me feeling nauseous. Main course: I had the garlic sausage. The sausage itself was very good but the poached eggs tasted weird, and everything else on the plate seemed like a total mismatch. Farro? And more importantly, why was there so much water at the bottom of my plate? The people who got the soft scramble felt it was small and not particularly special. I had a bite from my boyfriend's plate and have to agree... The only exception to the mediocre food was the cheeseburger which looked amazing.Timing: It took a very long time for everything to come out which resulted in a very long brunch. Plan accordingly.Overall: After hearing such great things about this place I left feeling disappointed. Maybe brunch just isn't their thing?
My boyfriend and I came here for our last dinner before I go off to pursue professional education. Since I knew it was our last date I really wanted us to go to NOPA since we've been talking about if 1 year +. Nothing like parting as a good incentive to actually make it out here. A week and half before our scheduled date, on a Saturday, I tried to make reservations on opentable.com Nothing! =[We're going to try for a drop in. We arrived around 5.15pm and there was already people at the community table and bar. We were placed on a waiting list and told to come back at 6pm when they start seating people.We came back at 6pm and after a couple mins of waiting we were seated upstairs! YAY! BIG SMILE!The decor is very modern and spacious. I like how it is "fine" dining but very down to earth. The staff are dressed in their causal clothes. We were given a complementary toast with this delicious spread. We ordered the Rotisserie Herbed Chicken, Summer Squash, Tzatziki and Purslane 19 - You get half a chicken! Moist and the skin is crisp but not fried like kfc. Moist. The sides were really tasty too. Comes with this sauce that reminds me of a greek yogurt dipping sauce. Very refreshing. Grilled Pork Chop, Braised Romano Beans, Fingerling Potatoes and Currants 25 - We were imagining your typical pork chop but this thing was huge! Kind of like your new york steak but thicker. It is juicy and the potatoes were delicious! We were very fortunate to have picked the two most popular dishes at nopa!French Fries and Genovese Basil Aoli - The aioli was good but I probably won't be ordering this again. Warm Chocolate Souffl - Smoked Chocolate Mousse and Lavender-vanilla Cream - Is it just me or is this super tiny? It wasn't spectacular and you only get a spoonful. We've definitely had better. Bathrooms are very modern. Individual rooms with toilets and communal sinks. Overall, our experience was good and I am glad it was my last dinner in SF. It will be enough to last me for a good couple months before I come back. =]
I've been wanting to come here forever since everyone talks it up so much and I was so excited we went this weekend! We had 6pm reservations and arrived at 5:30 so we got a drink at the bar along with a lot of other people and it was fun. Then we were seated on the second level which I liked because you got to look down on everyone else and watch the cooks from where we were seated.We got the asparagus, the burger with cheese and bacon, and the sausage flatbread. We split everything and all was amazing! The asaparagus had a really good melted cheese. The burger was cooked medium rare and was SO delicious and tender. The flatbread was just so perfect and yummy. Our waiter was also really cool and we liked him a lot.
3.5 IMHO. I know, I know. I wanted to love this place. But it was just alright. The tomato soup was excellent, probably the best I've ever had. But it was just pretty mediocre after that. The flat bread failed to impress me. Jack loved it though. The salmon took forever to come out, albeit the restaurant was packed. When it did come out it was fresh and tasty. It didn't pack the punch I was hoping for, nothing said WOW. And I've had better fries, although the basil Aoli was good. I hated the homemade ketchup, but I just am a die hard Heinz fan (don't judge me!!!!!!).
Food is good but having to pay for soda refills is outrageous. If I go again I learned my lesson, I won't get ice in my soda.
Never EVER disappoints. Delicious food and the service is great. I have been for both brunch and dinner (and heading there again tonight). The warm goat cheese appetizer was the best part of dinner and as far as brunch, it's all amazing. The service stands out at this place.
I've been to Nopa for brunch + dinner and I'm a fan of both services. BRUNCH- Top picks are the french toast, soft eggs scramble (typically served with fresh veggies, mine was with lightly salted cauliflower with arugula), and the burger. I'll admit, the burger at Nopa is NOT the best in SF (see: Super Duper Burger, Wayfare Tavern, Marlowe), but it's pretty darn tasty if you're in the mood for something heavier or just hungover. For drinks, the grapefruit cocktail is great as well as their Americano. *Tip: Make a reservation! Most restaurants do not offer reservations for brunch, but Nopa DOES! So if you're not into waiting a long time (45 mins+), book a reservation early; you can usually find a table for 2-3 easily if you search two weeks ahead. DINNER- Top picks are the pork chop.. DO NOT LEAVE HERE UNTIL YOU TRY THIS. Yes, it's pricey, but man oh man, it's full of flavor and cooked just the way you like it. - I've also tried the housemade pappardelle, which was hearty and full of flavor. However, being the carnivore that I am (aka. Ron Swanson status), I prefer the pork chop. - Dessert: Most of Nopa's menu changes seasonally, including desserts. When I dined there in the fall, I fell in love with their chocolate pot de creme -- basically a chocolate mousse with whipped creme on top, served in a small pot with a hazelnut biscotti. Bittersweet in flavor and in a great size for sharing. AMBIENCETrendy, yet intimate. There's a long bar table that many people hang out at with friends just to grab drinks; otherwise, you could always grab a booth for 4-5 or a table for two upstairs. For a restaurant so large, it's actually quite difficult to find a reservation for dinner (easier for brunch). For a party of two, I booked a dinner at 7pm on a Saturday at least 5 weeks in advance.SERVICE- In my experience, the service at Nopa has consistently been wonderful. Servers are attentive without checking on us TOO many times, and helpful in explaining all the ingredients on their menu items. I only dock one star because I do believe that their prices can afford to be lower given their food's portion sizes.
I went here last night for the first time. We had to wait quite a long time before getting a table but I ve absolutely no regrets. That place definitely worth the wait. The quality and the quantity are both in the plate which I find very rarely in the city. We ordered several things to share and were amazed the all time. This place just became my favorite spot. Merci !!
I went to NOPA for the first time a couple of weeks ago and I'm still thinking about my meal. Yes, it was just that good!We managed to snag a couple of seats at the back bar where we got a good view of the kitchen. There's nothing more thrilling to me than watching chefs doin' their thing. We had been told that the burgers were the must-order, but after watching the rows of pork chops get grilled, we knew we had to order that. Our neighbour was also eating the rotisserie chicken which also looked delicious. Bye bye burger. Pork chop and chicken it is!Now this isn't any ordinary pork chop. Oh no, it was juicy and tender and marbled with a delicious amount of fat. It melted in our mouths. In fact, I haven't tasted pork this good since I was in Brooklyn eating at the Vinegar Hill House (a must-order there!). Not to be outdone, the rotisserie chicken was also a juicy and flavourful. I can't wait to go back there for them!
The best brunch I've had in FOREVER!Everything was exploding with deliciousness...the NOPA grass-fed burger was...perfect. It was soo flavorful...super thick succulent patty (juice running everywhere), and the cheddar cheese was sharp and tangy. The buttery brioche bun was perfect - really soft on the inside, grilled & crispy on the outside... and the sweet/sour pickled red onions (I ordered extra) were amazing with the burger. We got it with bacon too.Every french fry was thick and crispy on the outside - like a kettle chip, but once you bit through the crisp exterior the inside was gushing with mashed potato softness. It was really surprising because the fries don't even LOOK golden brown. Glorious deception!! The garlic aioli was intense...and was delicious with the fries. The Custard French Toast with lemon butter and strawberries...SO. EFFIN. BOMB. (look at my photo...can you resist that??) The slice was over an inch thick and super moist on the inside. When cut open the custard flowed out...combining with lots of lemony butter that was flowing from the top and seeping through the middle, and the juice from the strawberries, and the maple syrup, to create a warm, sweet tangy heavenly mess on the plate. And it didn't just look amazing but of course it was... exploding with flavor. Yes I'm writing "exploding with" a lot in this review. And the atmosphere was casual but tasteful looking, roomy, with high ceilings and enough space to be comfortable even though it was really crowded...loved it!
After eating at another much-hyped brunch place (Foreign Cinema) a week previous and being seriously disappointed I was really hoping for a better experience with NOPA and got it. I had made brunch reservations two weeks earlier to avoid waiting in a crazy line I had heard rumors about. Another couple was supposed to join us but bailed at the last minute. They didn't give us any grief about it and sat us upstairs right away. We ordered soft-scrambled eggs, butter basted eggs, a piece of custard french toast, and a side of bacon. The polenta that came with the butter basted eggs was the best either of us had ever had. Everything was really tasty. I also had a really amazing house-made lemonade not on the menu that I got when I asked if they had lemonade. It was quiet enough for us to have a conversation. We left satisfied and much happier than we had been at any other restaurant recently. This is how good food was supposed to taste.
Dinner was incredible. We had the grilled bread with avocado and capers. Yummy. The pork chop and creme pot dessert. Everything was a 10. Including our server Michelle and the front of the house who was very accommodating when we wanted another table so we could sit next to each other. Thank you nopa. ;)
This place is amazing!!!! My roommates and I have wanted to come for awhile and just never got a reservation. We were very surprised when they had one for Thursday night at 8:30. This is a place where you come order a nice glass of wine and have a great time socializing with friends or a date. I had glanced at the menu before we sat down and ordered avocado toast which was just wonderful. It tasted very fresh, great amount of avocado. I ordered the roasted chicken as my main dish it came with grilled onions and roasted potatoes. It was very tasty full of flavors. I recommend this place to everyone. It is expensive so this might be a place to go on a special occasion. I will return to try the brunch.
Came here a few days ago for the first time. Awesome place! Would have been here sooner if reservations aren't so hard to come by (annoying but definitely a sign of good things!).We kicked things off with a couple glasses of sparkling wine (a Rose and a Grand Cru Champagne). Both were excellent and paired well with our two appetizers:Avocado toast: DAMN this was good. Avocado tasted fresh and the olives sprinkled throughout were super distinct and tasty. The bread was perfect (crunchy crust, soft in the middle, and delicious throughout).Brussels sprouts with poached egg, ham and horseradish cream. The egg was PERFECTLY cooked. We loved popping it over the dish. :) The ham was well cooked, and the horseradish cream was a nice compliment (a little spicy but packing a nice kick).We split the hamburger as our entree. Holy cow (no pun intended)! The cooks nailed the medium rare grilling. Perfectly seasoned. We added gruyere cheese but skipped the bacon (in hindsight probably a mistake). The bun was warm, soft, and delicious. I paired this up with the Zinfandel they offer by the glass. My girlfriend went with the Cab Franc. Both paired nicely.The relative low-point of the meal was dessert. While still quite good, it didn't live up to the rest of the meal. We ordered the chocolate pot de creme and the lemon tart. Both were fine, but seemed to lack the uniqueness or perfection of taste achieved through a combination of well-balanced flavors, as achieved by the earlier dishes.Last and definitely not least -- terrific service! We were well cared for all night. Our server was super personal and took some time to actually get to know us, despite the restaurant being quite busy. The service team even brought out a candle for my girlfriend to accompany desert (I had noted through OpenTable that it was her birthday).Can't wait to come back for brunch. I hear awesome things about it, and if dinner was any indication, it'll be freaking superb.
My second time here and two thumbs up both times. The hostess was helpful friendly and very courteous...and her stunning looks didn't hurt a bit. She took my bag and sweatshirt and sat me as a single at the chefs counter. I thought she must have known I was a chef! The chefs counter is at the exposed kitchen with a view of the chefs working hard to make amazing food. 7 guys in the kitchen w an expo. They really can pump out some food. A wood fired brick oven and a wood fired grill. The prices aren't bad I had an amazing cauliflower dates and caper soup, mmmm....and the blue cheese burger. My burger was supposed to be med rare but was fully rare(hence the 4 stars) ....ok w me but some would send back...better than overdone in my opinion. The fries were average for such a fancy place but whatever ...that's what you get for ordering the cheapest item on the menu...I was really craving a burger tho and at midnight on divisidero this place is rockin. Great waitress and friendly place. My main course was 15 soup 8 and beer 7....total bill 34-. I recommend highly. 7 And thanks for being open till 1 am.!
This place obviously gets a ton of hype. Question is: does it live up to it?The atmosphere (7/10):People go here to see and be seen. Half the restaurant is 20/30 somethings on dates or out with friends - the other half is young tech millionaires decked out in Air Jordans and flat brimmed caps, playing flappy bird on their iPhone 5S's as they slurp on a $15 bowl of soup. The vibe is definitely trendy as far as San Francisco goes. Leaving the restaurant at 11:00PM on a Wednesday night, there were still people coming in for reservations and the whole place was still buzzing. You have to make a reservation if you want to eat here. Walking in will result in quickly walking out.The food (7/10):Is great. Is it as life-changing as my SF cohabitants have claimed it to be? No. We went with two out of town friends who had expressed interest after seeing the restaurant on the SF100 list. We ordered a number of dishes to share, as is our custom. We started with the Poached Farm Egg, Grilled Calamari, and Flatbread of Spicy Fennel Sausage. The Poached Egg was SO perfectly done. The farro, peas, and runny egg melded together in such a flavorful, beautiful way. I could eat that dish for breakfast, lunch, and dinner until the day I die. The grilled calamari and flatbread were also extremely well done. All appetizer portions are quite generous. You could probably get by just fine sharing 4-5 of these between 4 people as a full dinner. For the main course, we ordered the Duck, the Burger, and the Housemade Pappardelle. I'm not a huge fan of duck, but even to me it seemed somewhat bland. The burger was good, but I can pay the same price for a burger at Marlowe and have my mind blown. The Pappardelle with 9-hour Bolognese completely stole the show and would probably be the single reason I ever return to Nopa. The homemade pasta WAS mindblowing, and the slow-cooked sausage was saucysaltymeatyspicy goodness.The service (5/10):Our waiter was like the furniture. He was just... there. Actually, sometimes he wasn't even there. Disappearing furniture? He didn't add any value to our meal. Questions of "favorites" and "recommendations" were met with ambiguous, vague answers, and his descriptions of dishes were literally just read off the menu - like storytime. His response to "could you recommend a whiskey cocktail?" was "we can make you anything you want!" - that was it. Helpful. Not sure if there was a language barrier... or if he was just being intently hipster/blas. There was one period during the meal (about 30 minutes) - that he was completely absent. We ended up having to flag down multiple other servers to help. He came back to our table eventually apologizing that he was on break. The manager, I should note, was extremely attentive and came by to ask us how our meal was multiple times, as she did with every table that evening.Tl;DR - I will probably only go back here if it's with a group and someone else plans it. The meal was satisfying enough, but the social-climber atmosphere and the non-existent service did not justify the $70-$80 per head cost. If you're looking for a good use of that sort of money, try Foreign Cinema.
I really, really wanted to like Nopa...Nope.Food was great but not worth the stiff staff. Thus the 2 out of 3 stars. From the time we arrived I felt as though no one knew how to smile. Were these robots waiting on us? Come on people, just because you're one of the trendy "now" restaurants, don't let it go to your heads! Let's remember why people pay the prices you charge for your food... We want to have a good time. I'm tired of waiting to eat at a restaurant that's on my "bucket list" only to go home disappointed by the people who work there. Chefs, wake up and make sure you hire people who live up to your fare!What a disappointment to my favorite city in the world (and I've lived all over.)Disappointed in Alamo Square.
It's always so impossible to get reservations here, but booking a month out helped, especially for a big party. Food was good, but service started off poorly. We were doing a lot of things shared between couples at our table of 6, and somehow, the ordering process was very confusing to the server. I understand it gets more confusing with big parties and when hungry people order 2 entrees, but she gave major attitude and was clearly frustrated and annoyed with us while we were ordering, and this just got it off to a really unpleasant start. That aside, the rest of the meal went ok..Cocktails: - Summit: grapefruit, gin, lemon - great to start, probably my favorite of the night- Lowland Dram: effectively an old fashioned- Guillotine: super smoky from mezcal, so if you like mezcal, go for this; it was still a bit sweet for my liking- The Overlook: rye whisky, punt e mes, fernet; I didn't love this- Hedge Maze: very spirit driven, very strong in a good wayFood:- Amuse: crostini with a tomato spread- Fries: good for sharing, freshly fried, light and like a cross between McDonalds and In n Out fries (I know - they're completely different, but the fries were well seasoned and well fried but light at the same time). It comes with an aioli and house ketchup- Flatbread: more like a fennel sausage pizza with a very thin crust. We were starving, so this hit the spot as a starter. It's a pretty big portion with maybe 8 or more slices, so it's good to share. I didn't get much caramelized onion, but there was plenty of gruyere- Avocado toast: not exactly what I expected - it was a large thick slice of bread topped with avocados, greens, capers. It was interesting, but I think I was imagining something more like what I saw at Foreign Cinema (smaller individual thinner pieces?)- Little fried fish: nice and crispy, not actually so little, good with the romesco- Poached duck egg: perfectly runny inside over a ratatouille with eggplant, zucchini, tomatoes. The crispy shallots added texture and flavor to the rest of the dish, which was softer. The shallots were like a guilty pleasure like french fried onions on a green bean casserole- Pork chop: always a favorite, huge, not dry at all, served with sweet corn and grilled nectarine- Duck leg: good flavor on the duck. I don't love beans, but the white beans and peas underneath had so much duck fatty goodness - Paparadelle: pasta is not their forte. It came with a generous amount of the 9 hour bolognese, and the escarole was nice to make it a bit lighter, but the pasta itself was very underwhelming. It didn't absorb any of the sauce flavor, and the texture was off- Affogato: could have used a bit more ice cream, but to their credit, it wasn't on the menu, and I just asked them to make it for me.Our table ended up getting duplicates of all the same entrees, but the pork chop was clearly the stand out.I like that Nopa is a low key SF staple with a large enough menu that you can keep going back, but the service just really threw us off in the beginning. Like I said, the rest of the dinner went fine service-wise, but I have NEVER experienced attitude like that from a server before.
Nopa's cool. Good food, good environment/vibe, and good service. Nopa's got a cool, trendy, fun vibe that's perfect for a date or hanging with your friends. For food we got the Burger, Pork chops and the Chicken, but keep in mind that the menu changes pretty often so this might not be available. The Burger was excellent, pork chops were okay, and the chicken was good. Overall I'd say that if they take a consistent approach to their food no matter what they're serving then I think you'll always be able to find something on the menu that speaks to you and you'll always be satisified. The service was pretty good. The waiter was helpful and gave some great recommendations. You'll often see this place with a small crowd out front so definitely make sure you make a reservation before coming here. I think you'll enjoy the food and the energy of the restaurant. Enjoy!
Brought my boyfriend here for his birthday, and as always this place did not dissapoint! We both had a great time. The only thing is that the entree's took almost an hour to come out (and we ordered 3-4 rounds of cocktails to kill time). But this is my favorite restaurant, I will always recommend it friends/colleagues and it deserves 5 starsTip: always start with the flatbread, it is to die for!
Been to Nopa a couple times now, and the pork chops have been consistently good, as other reviewers have pointed out. The menu is updated often and variations on cooking theme mean that there's usually something new to try (if you can resist coming by on a regular basis). Poached farm egg and warm olives are great ways to start the night, and the tagine, hamburger, and fish are all hits with the parties I've gone with.Reservations ensure you a seat but the shared table space and bar area serve the same food, so don't be afraid to peek around a little if they can't accommodate a walk-in right away. If you can wait for a table, sitting upstairs gives your table a little more privacy, without sacrificing the lively ambiance of the restaurant. Getting seated along the edge means you get a bird's eye view of the kitchen as well - kind of cool to see how everything is put together in a Kitchen Stadium kind of way.Great place for a late night snack or an early dinner, as there are a wealth of other places to eat and drink in the area on a night out.
Brunch. My favorite meal of all time- one that combines pastries and libations. A meal that just screams: "I have nothing to do todaayyyyy thank god YES I'll have another mimosa! I am fabulous!"Because (1) I'm fabulous, (2) my boyfriend Wolf is fabulous, (3) I was desperate to make sunday's brunch GUARANTEED phenomenal because... (4) we had had a rather (bad) big discussion the day earlier at a horrible breakfast somewhere else and I 100% blame the breakfast (we both do) and (5) he lives down the street and I am tired of saving it for a "special occasion," I woke up sunday morning with a wild expression in my eyes. "Do you know where we're going to go for brunch?""Um.. bean bag cafe?""NO. I HAVE AN IDEA. AND I THINK ITS CRAZY ENOUGH TO WORK!"I was going to try to get us into Nopa, sans reservation. This is how much faith my boo had in me: after I scampered off to wait in line a whole 30 minutes before they opened, he checked the reservations and saw the next available was 2:15pm... the next saturday. But I ran as fast as my little flats could carry me the two blocks to Nopa. I was like, omgomgomg what am I doing this is crazy! and went in the door. The hostess was so sweet and probably thought I was crazy when I said, "wait.. you mean like... you'll be able to seat.. BOTH of us??? FOR BRUNCH?"But you know what?? I have tried several times weeks in advance to make Nopa brunch reservations and plan this "ideal" meal that always falls through. And it freaking sucks. Therefore, Nopa is untouchable in my book. She told me I could wait at the bar and hot damn I did and ordered myself a fizzy wallbanger immediately, and basked in my sheer disbelief that WE WERE GOING TO HAVE BRUNCH AT NOPA. Sipping my cocktail in utter bliss while drenched in sunlight and listening to the background jazz on a sunday morning, I discovered what "heaven" is. And for me it was that moment.Additionally, Wolf never actually knew why I loved Nopa so much to begin with. I told him it was the high-quality ingredients and perfect portion sizes but mainly the ingredients and oh, everything they serve tastes like a rainbow.But oh hey guess what? Guess who loves Nopa now??? Yeah. Let that be a lesson to NEVER question my judgement.Drunk off one drink and joined by my fabulous man, we were escorted to our table where we shared fantastic coffee, two glorious biscuits, and each downed a silky egg dish- his kosher and mine beautifully highlighted by bacon, parmesan, avocado, glorious cherry tomatoes and a delicious, tangy green bean and frisse salad. I paid and yeah, it was a bitch but whatever, I'm eating pb/j this week cus the moral of this story is ladies you don't EVER need a man to "treat you" to something you can afford and deserve. TREAT YO SELF!When the meal was over, he proposed to me that we return sometime soon for late night burgers. And I said yes, because goddamn it, I love that man.
The food was simply bland. For the price that they charge, you can definitely find much more memorable food in this city. I think that the only reason why people rate this place so high, is not because of the food but the "cool" ambiance.
Nopa is definitely my 2nd home since I live close by. I usually just go in by myself and grab a seat at the bar. The staffs are super friendly making you feel like you're hanging out with friends. Every dish I've had is excellent. They never seem to disappoint. I come here often and the menu change every time! That's the beauty of it. I had Smoked Sardine and Brussels Sprouts recently and it blew my mind. Smoked trout salad is great. Pork chop is amazing, make it rare. Yep you read that right. Rare. And you'd be surprised. If you want to do the famous Nopa burger, try it with Cheddar and Blue Cheese. The sweet and nutty of Cheddar goes well with the strong pungent Blue. Served on Brioche bun.The cocktails are spectacular. Manhattan, Old-Fashion, Vieux Carre, Boulevardier. You name it. They also have great wine selections as well. My favorite desserts are Chocolate pot de creme, and Butterscotch pudding. Yum. But don't be surprised if you don't see them on the menu since they tend to change it up from time to time. As for brunch, Long-cooked pork and custard French toast will blow your mind. Enough said..
DON'T bother with the brunch Corned Beef Hash dish, it's so FATTY! Our waiter was shocked at the sight of what was inedible and he took it off our tab. We were told, in a whisper, "it's always pretty fatty." GROSS! However, for dinner the Pork Chop is AMAZING & the Chicken is probably the BEST I've ever had. One note, our chicken came with the weirdest sides. There was rutabaga (that was NOT cooked enough), persimmon, dates, tzatziki sauce & some sprigs of arugula. It was a very disjointed flavor palette and did not work with the savory chicken.They are a bit stingy with the size of dinner cocktails. This isn't England, we don't measure our drinks in gills, which are TINY measurements. Bread with a meal would be nice too. Finally, a fruit based, non-alcoholic, desert that's light & fluffy with berries or something would be great. The sorbet is ok, but cold. Sometimes a warm fruity dessert (nothing booze infused) would be a nice option. Not a rum doused date or raisin cake. Maybe a strawberry shortcake or a seasonal fruit tart? Just saying....
This review is for brunch only! I was finally able to get a reservation for Sunday brunch at NOPA, but had to book 2-3 weeks ahead to choose the time I wanted. We were running a bit late, but the staff was very gracious and said they would hold our table for another 10-15 minutes. We arrived to find a slew of people in the bar area and outside waiting for a table, so tried not too take too long with our meal. We ordered:-Cream Biscuit w/Stone Fruit Butter ($3, yelp.com/biz_photos/ttar): YUM!! A must order- the biscuit was huge, but managed to be soft and flaky, without being too crumbly. It was perfect to share amongst 3 people. -Custard French Toast w/Spiced Gravenstein Apples and Maple Butter ($7, yelp.com/biz_photos/ttar): YUM! Another must order. I would recommend the single slice of toast- it was the thickest slice of toast ever! But it still managed to have a custard-y texture, which explains why it made the 7x7 Big Eat 2012 list. I didn't like the spice on the apples, but the maple butter was good.-Long Braised Pork w/Sauted Greens, Pozole and Jalapeo Skillet Bread ($15, yelp.com/biz_photos/ttar): Really good! The pork was braised perfectly and almost melted in your mouth. The skillet bread worked well alongside.-Oven Baked Farm Egg w/Smoked Tomato, Pantaleo and Toast ($9, yelp.com/biz_photos/ttar): Eh, my least favorite dish, and I would skip this dish the next time around. The egg was cooked too long for my liking, and the tomato overpowered all the other flavors in the dish. Overall, I thoroughly enjoyed my first dining experience at NOPA, although I was told by one of my dining companion that dinner is ten times better. I will definitely have to come back to try dinner, especially for their burger! Parking can be tough in this area, but easy enough to find on a Sunday afternoon.
Why this place has an overall rating of 4 stars is mind boggling to me. If there was an option to give this 10 stars I would. Nopa is the definition of fine dining in San Francisco, and some people would argue that this is the city's finest establishment. I've been here plenty of times, and it never fails to impress me.I came here on a Friday night with two other people. Tip: You HAVE to come early to put your name down. We went at 6pm and were quoted a 2.5 hour wait and we went back to my friend's apartment. We called Nopa around 8:10 and they said we'd be the next people up, so we got in a cab and our table was ready precisely at 8:30pm. It's crazy how on schedule they are - they really know their stuff. You will definitely be waiting a few hours. Once I came at 8:30 pm without putting my name down and my friend/I waited until 11 or 11:30pm to eat.... so that's a normal thing. We started off by getting cocktails: between the three of us, we tried the sunshine fix, the aristocrat, and the summit cocktail. All excellent. Be aware that the cocktails are not big at all, so you may need 2-3 to get a good buzz going if that's what you're looking for. Foodwise, they gave us complimentary peaches with a cream on the side. Yum yum, and yum. We weren't too hungry but we ordered the baked beans, the flatbread, and the chicken breast. All are soooo good that you can't go wrong. The baked beans come in a sizeable portion so you can easily share, and I think the best part was the red sauce that is mixed in with it along with the breadcrumbs on top. The flatbread is so yummy, the cheese is excellent on it, and between the 3 of us, I think everyone for at least 2-3 slices. You can also ask for it with half sausage / half no sausage if you have any veggies in your group! The chicken is so tender and flavorful, not like regular chicken. The wasabi on top of the bread that it's served with is yum-tastic.Ambiance and service get a 10 out of 10 also. I love the bar downstairs, and there's cool art everywhere too. The service is great, as the waitors will tell you their honest opinions and will help you out as much as possible and are very patient.Thank you Nopa for never letting me down! You are delicious!!
Ate here during DreamForce 2014 in October. Had the short ribs. Great food and excellent atmosphere. A bit pricey but location and San Francisco usually means higher prices. Definitely recommend.
After two years in the Bay Area I have to say NOPA is one of my top restaurants. I have been there three times and I've never had a bad bite. The food is casual but exceptional in quality. The pork chops are among the best ever, they melt in your mouth. The burger and the bolognese pasta are also not to be missed....finally...the sopaipillas for dessert....out of this world. If you can get a reservation at a decent time and can find a parking space, I guarantee you will not regret going to NOPA
OMG amazing drinks and dinner, the best food I had while in SF. The only complaint I would have is that it gets a bit LOUD, especially having a table next to the bar.Excellent service, food and drink. The best Pork Chop I've had in a very long time, perfectly cooked. The spicy Calamari with potato was delicious.
Was relieved to see familiar faces back in the kitchen. It had been a solid year since my last visit. We had the Flatbread which was perfectly crisp and thin but still moist, the Gigante beans very simple but delicious and homey, and the very generous avocado toast. Entrees: the pork chop just because it's been so long and it's just so damn juicy and filling and the squab which though not exactly a cohesive dish, was maybe my favorite of the night the tziki sauce was extremely thick n luscious and the squab perfectly rare and succulent.  Not big fan of the heart unfortunately and the pate was simply random as were the addition of the wings in my opinion. We had quite a few drinks the malvasia white wine was a favorite very nice with floral notes n minerality and the terrorist cocktail was very very bright and fruity and pink lol. The eucharist for after dinner as well as their yummy Madeira. So happy everything was well executed and delicious once again. Will try to come by more often.
Attentive waitstaff. Even after all these years, it remains a favorite of mine, and many SF locals and visitors. Beautiful space with high ceilings, exposed kitchen, and long bar. The food is tasty, simple, not necessarily inventive. Most recently I've had the burger and the lamb pappardelle, and loved both. Will be back again soon!
Reading some of the reviews - surprised at some of the tankers. I have an annoying (to me and probably all servers who cross my path) diet - GF and vegan - But... What I LOVE about Nopa is that they always have excellent vegetable sides - non starchy ones too versus many other restaurants whose veggies sides are 3 versions of a potato or equivalent - Anyway, I am also always torn between those great vegetables and the vegetarian tagine - which is pretty great and I enjoy the most when it is not all root vegetables and potato - but how nice to be able to eat an ENTREE on a menu (it has chickpeas for protein - YEah!. There is always enough for me to have a CHOICE - wow, and the food is a standout. This is a place I don't have to feel like I am settling or a freak. Good for Nopa - and one of the best parts is that they care about the sourcing of their food - it is largely organic and they offer free filtered water - that is integrity before the dollar.There is enough to impress me that this is one of my more regular spots to dine. The din is a downer but if you plan to come when they first open and sit in the balcony - it is manageable.
Amazing dinner! One of my favorite spots in SF!
NOPA only gets better. What a fantastic place to relax and feed. Cant wait for my next opportunity to try that calamari again. OMG, so so so good.
Kind of love this place - it has a open atmosphere and spacious seating.Water: I thought the water here had an especially nice, cool crisp to it. Would drink again.Cream Biscuit: Love love love. The biscuit was so fluffy, thought I was going to die. Also came with whipped peach butter that had the perfect sweetness to complement the butteriness of the butter. Custard French Toast: SF has turned me into a french toast fanatic but I can't say I was a huge fan of these. The edges had a nice crisp and I liked the tartness of the blackberry sauce, but the blackberries themselves were a bit overpowering. The french toast was a bit dense for my taste though I did like the subtlety of the lemon flavor. My friend enjoyed these much more than I did.Soft Scrambled Eggs: They give you a legit knife because the crust on the toast is hard to cut through, but the avocado spread really makes this toast and doesn't come off as too hard to eat. Eggs were super buttery (in a good way) and the salt on top was nice. A bit watery for my taste but would order this again. I'm also not the biggest fan of vegetables, but the salad was so good - I never finish my salad but I finished this!Wood Grilled Italian Sausage: Tasted this off my friend's plate. Had a nice heat to it and a lot of flavors. The hostesses and our waiter were also the sweetest people ever. We were celebrating our friend's birthday and they came out with a sorbet topped off with a candle! Perfect brunch.
I've only lived in this city for a couple months, but everyone I come across basically insults me when they find out I haven't been to NOPA yet. So I finally caved and decided to try it out for Sunday brunch. Flying solo, I figured it wouldn't be too hard to find a seat...yeah, I was wrong. It took me over an hour to get a seat. The entire time I was getting increasingly inpatient and ever more hungry seeing all these great dishes come out from the kitchen-eggs, burgers, and that French Toast. Speaking of which, that was the primary reason I decided to come here: "Dude, go to NOPA! Best french toast ever!" That French Toast was entirely too underwhelming. It looks sexy as hell, but it really did not satisfy. Maybe it's the style? I wasn't really feeling the stark contrast between the tough exterior and gooey inside. Honestly, it almost felt as if the outside was burned. I could have used more syrup as well because the actual flavor was otherwise kind of bland. Since brunch is king here, I went big and ordered another dish as well-the soft scrambled eggs, which were indeed soft and very good. That side salad that came with it, laden with avocados, was absolutely excellent. Some other things:1.) The ambience is super cool. Kind of modern, sitting on the corner of a very lively neighborhood. Plenty of lighting inside, nice bar etc. It's great.2.) The service was kind of iffy for me. I felt like the bar tender was not as attentive as I would have liked. Then again, it gets super busy (as I'm sure it always is from reading those reviews), so I won't hold this aspect of my experience against them.3.) Pricing for food was decent, but pricing for orange juice was just stupid. I paid $4 for what seemed like 6 oz or so. 4.) Make reservations and make them far in advance. Advanced planning here I'm sure will make for a far better experience than the one I had.Overall, I think my expectations were skewed and this place is over hyped. The French Toast was super disappointing, which I am very confused about. Usually, if a bunch of people say something is good, then I eat it and it sucks I really question what happened. Maybe it was an off day? Perhaps a bad batch? It sucked to have waited so long to eat something kind of mediocre. I was actually pretty pissed.Despite how disappointed I was after my meal, I'm going to give this place the benefit of the doubt and come back some other time. Only next time, with reservations made well in advance. Oh and when you're done, go to the Bi-Rite next door and get some ice cream. A kids size will suffice.
Yum, yum, yum! Worth the open table reservation wait.  The first time I went to NOPA, I had the kale salad, burger, and French toast. It was soo good. I am a burger snob. This is by far the best burger I have ever eaten. It is my soul mate burger. It was perfectly cooked, juicy, moist and oh so delicious. While I am also a huge fan of In and Out Burger, Roam, and Super Duper and I will still order these burgers- they just do not compare to NOPA. The second time I went to NOPA, I had the chicken dish. Now I never order chicken at a restaurant. One because it is simple and two because I can make a better chicken than most restaurants. Our waitress recommended it and wow - delicious! For drinks, a friend recommended I order the Elder Flower Gimlet with Gin. Wow oh wow! I know now that gin is my favorite type of alcohol and that NOPA makes an amazing drink.The prices are completely reasonable. Without ordering a drink you can spend anywhere from $15-30 dollars depending on the dish, with a drink plan to spend about $30-$40 a person again depending on the dish.Here are my suggestions to NOPA restaurant: Your burger is so amazing you should open up a burger place that only sells the NOPA burger. Call it "Without the Restaurant." Your burgers are that amazing and you can make some very good money. Another suggestion - please dust your wood beams. I have attached a picture. The wood beams cover the entire restaurant and they are dusty. Even if you do not have OCD like me, the dust can get on the food and on the customer. Even with the dusty wood beams I would go again!
Food is solid and it's open late. Service can be hit or miss but nothing really to complain about. It is cavernous inside so it can be loud depending on where you are seated. But that's the ambiance they are going for it seems.
I'm being generous by giving this place four stars. I'd give it three and a half if that was an option. I live in the area and work down the street at another restaurant (which I'll keep anonymous) and finally took the time to see what NOPA was all about. This is a restaurant that has built a huge following by reputation, it's a hip spot indeed, which doesn't always translate to great food. This is the kind of place that's packed on a tuesday night from open to close, so they really don't need to produce anything great anymore. That being said, I'll actually get to the critique of my experience. The atmosphere is a bit drab. I imagined something a little more upbeat, but instead the music was very quiet, which is fine but it sort of creates an eerie quietness and allows chatter to elevate. The decor was nothing to write about, nothing to really look at or comment on. I like interiors to have character, this place just doesn't seem to have much of that. Our waiter was even a bit dull. My goal was to get him to laugh by the end of our meal, but it was to no avail. The service wasn't bad, I just like a more fun experience. Good servers are intuitive and know how to read their tables. Everyone I've ever talked to recommended the burger. It's the cheapest entree on the menu, and apparently one of the best. I love burgers, but it did inspire a bit of judgement if that's one of the most talked about items on their menu. We started off with the flatbread that had sausage, arugula, and horseradish. This was amazing. The spice of the horseradish was just the right complement to the flavorful sausage. For my entree I ordered the burger. I didn't really see anything else that extraordinary aside from the Pork Chop, which I'll try next time (Yes, there will be a next time). The burger was served with a mound of fries, and it was delicious- but to be entirely truthful, a burger is a burger. It was grass fed, and wasn't too big. The bread was toasted, but not overly hard. My sister ordered a fettucini pasta with crab in a red tomato sauce. The pasta was overcooked, the crab was fishy, and it just wasn't great. For dessert we ordered the butterscotch pudding with a whiskey infused whipped cream. It was freaking delicious. I wasn't even hungry by that point, but the true test to any restaurant is their desserts, and it didn't disappoint. Overall our experience was good, I just had high expectations and don't really see what the hype is about. I'll stop in for a more casual experience when I can actually grab a seat at overcrowded the bar.
Hands down one of the best late night restaurants to get to! Very sociable spot to go to and have a classy dinner with your love or friends. I've come on many occasions with my boyfriend and my homegirls! I've never been disappointed.I like sitting near the kitchen bar area so that I can watch the chefs cook the wonderful menu. It's always busy in here but they can usually find you a spot...otherwise if you want a table, it's best to get a reservation to be safe.The sardines are always yummy as appetizers. Their grass fed hamburger is fantastic! My boyfriend and I shared this and we were super full! For desert I've ordered sopaipillas, dark chocolate ganache tart, trio of ice cream and sorbets-espresso, shortbread and cheese. The coffee they serve is sf's famous blue bottle coffee. And their selection of tea is amazing! I love their Tie Guan Yin "Monkey Picked oolong from China"! Every time I'm in SF, I'll check out this spot if I'm down to spend money.
The reviews aren't lying, this place is good. I went as a walk-in. My friend lived nearby so we walked over and put our names on the list, around 6:30 pm. They told us that they would have a table available at around 8:30. At 7, I got a text: "we have a spot open, come within 10 minutes or lose your spot" (or something to that effect). That was a little annoying but hey, eating earlier was fine by us- we were hungry. It was a group of 3 of us and we shared several appetizers as well as our entrees. We pulled yelp up on our phones and ordered the big suggestions: avocado toast, pork chop, etc. They were delicious. I mention those two because they were my favorite. So good!I totally recommend this place to anyone. I believe it lived up to the hype.
The weekend brunch lines can be long, but tables can be had without much notice on OpenTable. And book a table for brunch you should, nothing compares to Nopa's custard french toast. Year after year, it appears on extensive and ambitious must eat lists, such as "100 Foods to Try Before You Die." It's crispy on the outside and custardy on the inside, soft, yet doesn't fall apart into a gooey mess when you smother it with butter and maple syrup and sink your fork into it. The brunch cocktails (and mocktails) are also great, and honestly, so are the omelettes and granola dishes. Dinner at Nopa is also very good, and it is very popular at this time as well, but somehow, whenever I go for dinner, I find myself mistily staring into my glass of wine and longing for that custard french toast.
Oddly, after being out late on a weekday and walking down divis, this was one of the only places open past midnight for some drunken munchies...Now to be fair... there is no 'drunk people love this late night spot!' popping up on the main page, and it was not my intention to slur words and embarrass myself in front of a classy server while spending significantly more money than I would have at the popeyes across the street (which was closed)...But that being said, the fries were WAY over-salted. The burger was pretty salty, as well (adding bacon and gruyere will do that), but the fries were inedible. The appetizer we got, smoked trout & quinoa salad, was really good, and my friend's rabbit pasta was also really delicious... but for a restaurant like this to serve a component of a ($17) dish that was INEDIBLE to DRUNK JAKE* is pretty unforgivable. I left most of the fries on the plate and I still woke up with that 'I just ate too much salt last night' taste in my mouth.____________________________________________*Drunk Jake has eaten some questionably edible things.
Ive been to NOPA numerous times. The first time was the best. The last time, I mixed too many dishes and my tummy was not happy. Buuuuuttt I am still going back because...well...it is scrumptious and Imma FatGirlSlim :) Next time I will be more aware of what I am pairing, realizing that the menu/restaurant doesn't do that for you. Do I expect them to? No, but it is good business to make the diners experience as easy as possible. Can't wait to try brunch!
I am not kidding when I say this is the best place I have ever eaten at. I've traveled all over the world and Nopa tops it all! Every year during August, I travel to San Francisco from San Diego primarily to eat here for my birthday. When I come to SF any other time, I cannot leave the city until I've eaten at Nopa. The menu is constantly updated with fresh, seasonal options. Right now, I'm obsessed with the burger and grilled corn but I would never hesitate to try anything that Chef Lawrence puts on the table. I'm bummed that it is so hard to get a table here without making a reservation months in advance but Im happy for the booming popularity so I just have to make sure I plan ahead.
Everything was delicious from start to finish, flavors were bright and fresh. Wine selection excellent and fairly priced. Service was attentive and knowledgeable. Recommend getting reservations as always packed but well worth the effort
I love love this place!I'd have to say still one of the top restaurants in the Bay.The menu changes often, but the dishes I highly recommend are:-The Pork Chops. I've had a few variations of it here but common attributes are that they are tender juicy, cooked to perfection!-The Bacon Cheese Burger, also cooked to perfection and accompanied by fresh produce and an amazing bread.The Flat Bread is pretty good.-The Duck Breast is on par with any magret de canard at the top French restaurants! -The apple Crisp is super decadent and a joy to eat!Great food, very clean, very modern. A nice mix of classic recipes with a very modern feel! Everything I could ask for in a satisfying dining experience.
Consistently excellent. I've dined at Nopa half a dozen times, and every time the service has been great and the food exceptional. It's my "go to" whenever friends are in town. Great menu, with frequent updates, and a juicy wine list. Open late, which is great.
Hands down every single person I asked about what to order said Flatbread and Pork Chops.So that's what we got, plus a bunch of other stuff, including an Asparagus Salad, the Rotisserie Chicken, a Grass Fed Hamburger, and some fettuccine with mussels.The asparagus salad was delightful. I couldn't get enough of it. The chicken was juicy and tender. The hamburger was yummy especially with the blue cheese. The fettuccine had a nice lemony sauce, and since I'm a sour puss, I loved it.As predicted the Pork Chops were juicy and flavorful. They really managed to infuse flavors into the them without masking the natural pork flavor. The flatbread, on the other hand, was good, but didn't live up to my expectations. Maybe it was overhyped to me . . .$45 for each of the 5 of us including tax, tip, and a $40ish bottle of wine.Negatives are it's hard to find parking and it's too noisy if you're dining with quiet people. Luckily for me, most of my lovely lady dining companions are not soft spoken!
I tried the pork chops - delicious. I forget what one of the sides was called in that dish, but it was saltyI've been here twice without reservations and both times, they said there was a 2hr wait. And each time, my parents and I say "okay, we'll wait" and we wait by the entrance and each time, we get seated in 10minutes. This last time, I noticed that there were at least 3 tables next to us that were empty and continued to be empty throughout my entire meal... Why didn't they just let us sit at those tables initially? I can't help feel that there was something fishy going on. Maybe they were looking for a younger hipster crowd and not asian parents. - summary: good food but getting a table is kinda sketch
Items Selected:Blackberry Walnut Scone - Crme FracheGoat Cheese Bread Pudding - Agrodolce Blueberries and ArugulaCustard French Toast - Roasted Blueberries and Honey-Lemon ButterBlue Bottle Americano"@Nopa, probly 30m for bar seat" said the text and having originally considered the small panhandle hot-spot for Sunday brunch a quick change of plans and a mile and a half walk saw me enterthe jammed-packed restaurant with about an hour left in the brunch menu, one of my friends making a few feet of space for me to stand close enough to the bar to share some plates until I eventually landed a seat fifteen minutes later. Loud, crowded, and consistently packed from open to close yet considered by many to be the best brunch in town much of my sampling was focused on the sweet half of the menu while my friends enjoyed a burger, fries, arugula salad, and a few mezcal bloody mary's mixed by our bartender/server Zadri and inclusive of the uncomfortable 'seating' and decibel level I have to admit the place lived up to its reputation, all three of the signature brunch items coming into vibrant focus through the use of produce of the highest quality. Beginning first with a buttery scone paired with tangy crme frache and then moving to the surprisingly funky yet entirely enjoyable quiche-like bread pudding it was, as expected, the third dish that would prove most memorable - a perfect piece of French Toast, caramelized on the exterior and nearly liquid within, graced with pure maple syrup, bursting blueberries, and light notes of honey...the best in The Bay by far, and amongst the best I've had anywhere.
Good food, nice atmosphere. definately a must try.
Called at 5pm and got a table for 6:15 which was great. We were sorted on time and promptly greeted with water by our server. Choose the soup (great), olives (very nice portion) and the salad (very good but came after 45 min). Service was good, very welcoming but food came out very slow (see salad), our entry was short ribs which was also slow to come but was very well done. Sides (broccoli, greens) were good but nothing special. Shared the crapes for dessert and enjoyed it. Over all, with two beers and tip we ended with around $120. Not cheap, but a nice treat and was overall very pleased. Left after 2 hours, with quicker service it could had been an hour plus and we would still be very happy.
OMG! This place is super suuuuuuperrrr fab! Came here with my bf for our late dinner after work, the place was crowded even tho it was 11 pm already. We were seated at the bar near the kitchen. Food was perfect, the staffs were friendly and attentive, good selection of wine, good ambience... Puuuuuurfect!
Nopa is incredible. I went for a work dinner and we ordered almost (it seemed) everything on the menu and shared. The atmosphere is lively and trendy in a very cool SF hood. The only thing is that the wait can take up to hours...... they do have a community table that can sit up to 10, that is first come first serve - just be prepared for a wait. Well worth it!.
If a former CM that now works for the Yelp mothership recommends this as the restaurant to check out when visiting you make sure you make it out here. Thanks to NOPA our evening was fantastic! It's seemingly trendy (seemingly because I don't know enough about spots in SF to be an authority on what's trendy) and you get a great meal and drinks for a price that is just right for a night out! We made reservations a week in advance (I recommend calling them and not using OpenTable which indicated very limited seating times) and after hearing that the wait for the party that walked in ahead of us was 1.5 hours, the international call I made for reservations seemed completely worth it. Seated on the second floor overlooking the main dining area was great for people watching, especially the bartenders going to work on our drinks, we ordered the dawn and dusk cocktails and were left very satisfied while waiting for our meals. The menu is short but ever so sweet sounding and our server was great in helping us talk through our fickle choices. Go with anything on the menu..you're unlikely to be disappointed. I don't usually order chicken when I want to treat myself to a nice dinner out, but the slow turning rotisserie I had a good view of was calling out to me and while my chicken tasted like chicken, it tasted like awesome chicken. So I was left feeling pretty good. I was told that I would not be able to find a place like this in Toronto, and I have to admit that claim is probably true (but hopefully not for long). The fact that a meal here was enough to make want to stay in this city just to keep eating should speak to how much I enjoyed my evening here.
This is a review strictly for Customer Service:I had called at 6:45PM on a Friday night to set a reservation/put my name on the list to eat here. The hostess tells me they do nothing of the sort there, but there isn't a wait right now, so we should be fine. My girlfriend and I get to the restaurant 20 minutes later and all of a sudden it's going to be a 2 hour wait until we are able to get seated and she would text us when it was close to our time. We were kind of surprised as the restaurant looked full, but there wasn't a line, so waiting 20-30 minutes would't have been an issue. She explained that the wait wasn't that long and the rows of people are usually 3-4 people back from the bar. We told her that isn't going to work for us and she replied with "Well, sorry we couldn't help you out IMMEDIATELY." Unfortunately, I wasn't able to try the food. I'm sure it's good. But because of one little hostess with a snotty attitude, I won't be coming back.
Don't come when you are dead hungry, because the foods take forever to serve. We made reservation so we got seated quickly. I actually witness a couple yelled at each other because it was the girl's birthday and the guy did NOT make the reservation at this place and she yelled at him "This is MY birthday and YOU ARE TAKING ME ON A DATE SO YOU ARE SUPPOSE TO MAKE THE RESERVATION!! " Wow, such a high expectation for this place since people value here so highly.The Amuse bouche was marinated nectarine, so plump and juicy and sweet.For appetizers, we ordered the English Pea soup (which was average, nothing to write home about) and the spicy sausage flatbread taste just like a thin crusted pizza, very ordinary, don't know why people rave so much about it. For main course, we all opted for the Country style pork chop, which I think we made the right choice. It looks like pork, but it actually taste like fine beef steak! The sauce TOTALLY marinated into the pork. It was very JUICY and FULL of FLAVORS. Can't speak enough about their pork chop.We tried their dessert, which was the biscuit with honey ice cream berries, which was decent, but I wouldn't pay to try it again.
Dinner was awesome. We had the grilled flatbread, Yummy. The pork chop was pretty good but the grass-fed burger was ok.Service was great and very accommodating. We were seated on the second level and I like that we can look down and watch the cooks from where we were seated.- We had reservations. Wait time for non-reservation guests at dinner time can take one to two hours.
When San Franciscans go nuts for a place, they go overboard. Anyways, Nopa is this place. Stays open super late so it's always packed since there are few restaurants in this city that do late night dining sadly. While the space is beautifully designed and its awesome to come get a late night drink here, the only thing I'm a huge fan of is the burger. You must add bacon and get it with blue cheese. Aside from Spruce's burger, it is my favorite burger in the city. I honestly can't decide between the two. Everything else that I have tried though has been super mediocre. The flatbreads could use improvement. Service is always great though!!!  Note: they don't do take out. I wanted a burger to go the other day and was highly disappointed. : (
This place is hipster heaven. The restaurant comes with a communal table too!I came here on a Saturday night around 6pm with a reservation. The place was buzzing. There were young & old people, couples, friends, and families. There was a bar with a small area for standing-- which was filled to the brim. The lighting was perfect. The environment and vibe of the restaurant was so warm and just perfectly curated. I got to see all of this because I sat on the second level-- which made my experience all the more amazing. I would definitely recommend asking for a second floor table by the divider so you can take in all of NOPA's glory.Now, to the food. Amazing-- but quite pricey-- but well worth it. My better half got the burger-- and he loved every bit of it (though his favorite burger is still from Umami). It came with perfectly crisp fries and a very delicious sauce. I got the papardelle noodles and that was also very delicious-- probably not as delicious as the burger-- but it was also very savory. To top off the meal, we a grapefruit cocktail and a chocolate tartlet with earl grey ice cream. It was the perfect way to end the meal. I couldn't have asked for a better dessert. Unfortunately (or maybe fortunately), the menu constantly changes at NOPA-- so any food that I ate here (and recommend) will not be extremely likely to be on the menu if you decide to go to NOPA (which you really, really should if you are in SF!)In all, my experience at NOPA was wonderful and I'd definitely come back.
Ermahgerrd food!!!My boyfriend brought me here for my birthday dinner on a Sunday. Despite calling ahead earlier in the week for resos, we were only able to snag a 10pm seating. No biggie, we thought, this can be Dinner #2 and we'll just eat something earlier in the evening. This was a major tactical error on our part. If only we knew how delicious Dinner #2 would be, Dinner #1 definitely would NOT have happened.When we arrived at 10pm, the place was packed. We were led to a cozy table on the second floor, which gave us a great vantage point for people watching. While our server was slow to greet us and bring water, service was attentive for the remainder of our meal.You know you're in the right place when you review the menu and would be happy as a clam to have any of the delicious sounding dishes set in front of you. He ordered the much hyped pork chop, and I opted for the rotisserie chicken. Neither of us are normally pork chop fans, but this was the most tender and juicy pork chop either of us have ever eaten! I would liken the texture to a medium rare steak. Delicious! My boyfriend gushed about that pork chop for hours.My rotisserie chicken was also an excellent choice: perfectly seasoned, and so tender. It also came with a great melon and feta salad. To end off the meal, we shared a decadent vanilla pot de creme with berries and two perfect little lavender rosemary tuile cookies.I really wish we had more room in our tummies to try some appetizers and perhaps another dessert. In short: this place definitely lives up to the hype, and we'll be back the next time we're in SF.
This place deserves every bit of their rave reviews. I had to make a reservation (via open table) over a month in advance. I called 3 days later to make a change to the reservation (bump from 8 ppl to 9 ppl), and they told me I may have to wait an extra hour. [We ended up squeezing the extra person in the day of].This place is always packed and loud! There really is barely any room to fit an extra seat. If we didn't get the long couch seating, we wouldn't have been able to fit our friend. We had a few tapas to share. All were amazing. The roasted corn was a bit disappointing, mainly because it was sooo small. The flat bread was delicious! The charcuterie was amazing as well. No dishes were left unfinished. My main, I had the famous pork chop. I am normally not a fan of pork chop at a restaurant. But I have to admit it is probably the best pork chop I have had at a restaurant. YUM. I don't know if this is my favourite cuisine, so I won't be going back anytime soon. But i would never turn down an invite to go here.
I know everyone loves NOPA, but I wish they had better variety in their menu. My first time they had a steak special that night and they ran out by the time they came to take our order. 2nd time they simply did not have any beef options on the menu.
After eight years of living in the city, we finally got our act together and made it out to Nopa. Overall we thought the food was pretty good but nothing too memorable. First off, Nopa is surprisingly NOT for vegetarians (or even pescatarians) - we've cut back on meat to just seafood and had slim pickings on the menu - very strange, as this is the first "New California"-style restaurant I've been to where being a vegetarian is a liability. We tried a sampling of dishes that ranged from pretty good to unappetizing. In the pretty good camp was the Grilled Broccoli with Anchovies & Breadcrumbs (mmmm...tasty), and Wood-baked Butterbeans with Feta (best feta I've ever had!). In the "meh" camp was the Fish Stew with Black Cod - they slow cook the fish to get the texture of silken tofu, interesting but a bit too much in my opinion (there something wrong with a fish that can't hold its own weight). And in the throughly objectionable camp we had the wood-baked sardines, which had the delightful flavors of cat-food with the added bonus of dozens of microscopic little bones to pick through on your plate (mmmm...this time sarcastic).Food aside, they also have a nice drink selection and a bustling high-ceiling space. Service is pretty standard (if you haven't figured it out yet, you'll need to reserve a few weeks in advance) and prices are not too bad (expect to share 3-5 plates for 2 people). All in all a pretty good restaurant worth checking out once but probably not one that we'll be returning to.
So stuffed after this experience, but I don't regret ordering all that we did. It was excellent.We got a reservation with a quickness via some American Express Platinum concierge service, so I recommend trying that if it is an option for you as I've noticed making reservations can be a hassle here. It was packed the whole time we were there (6:30-9 on a Thursday), bustling with an all-ages crowd.Our friendly and funny server, Daniel, laid out the menu for us and steered me towards some sparkling mead to start and a cask strength scotch for my companion. We ordered our dishes after learning about some of the favorites and downed our fresh watermelon with sea salt amuse - super sweet and juicy - nice start.I loved the chanterelle, bacon, and poached egg frisee for its thick-cut amazing bacon, perfectly runny egg, and pomegranate seed surprises - and of course the fungi.The veggie flatbread with hot peppers (not hot), olives, capers, arugula, and crescenza cheese was incredible. I could have eaten this for my whole meal. It was a huge portion - could easily split 4 ways. I had never heard of crescenza cheese before but it was this buttery smooth sacrilegiously good accompaniment on the flatbread. NOM.I ordered the rotisserie chicken and was almost too stuffed to eat it, but it was super juicy and had a great herb-y flavor on the skin (which I totally ate). My friend's pork chop was crazy sweet but oh-so-good. He cut off a huge hunk for me to try and there was still a ton left; it's quite a chop. The sides with our entrees took a back seat to the super flavorful meat.Definitely too stuffed for dessert!!A great special occasion SF classic.
Roasted squash with a red meat sauce - 6 dollar side, delicious! 5/5Fries w aioli. 4/5Pork chop entree, pretty juicy and tender. It was huge. 4.5/5. Toasted quinoa, smoked trout, mushrooms. MUST TRY. Loved the quinoa. 5/5Grass fed burger with the sweetest onions ever + avocado. Delish. 5/5The summit cocktail. So refreshing and tasty. Deceivingly strong. 5/5Roasted salmon with spiced chickpeas and asparagus. 4.5/5Excellent service. Will go back again!
Great food, average price, great service and not a problem walking in and getting a table around 7. Lives up to the hype for sure! The only thing that needs to be improved are the host and hostess, they come across a bit rude and stuck up. But that didn't interfere in our dining experience. Will be going back soon.
do not go here ever!!!! we tired to get a seat for dinner the staff at the front was rude, disrespectful, unwilling to help!!!! warning......we went to eat for 2 people when we arrived they had a couple of tables open and the hostess told us they were reserved....but when i asked him what time he said 10:30 pm, 10:40 pm and 11:00 pm....we waited till 10:50 pm and no one showed up and they still would not sit us.....do not go here everyone working their is unhelpful!!!!!!
How was NOPA? It was DOPA, as Hannah C. would put it!What is NOPA? north of panhandle :) urban, organic, simple, communal...Luckily, I was able to make a 9:45pm dinner reservation on a Wednesday via OpenTable!! After the Walt Disney Museum YEE, we were very fortunate to find free street parking just across from the restaurant! We got there early and were immediately seated upstairs! Such a neat view overlooking the whole restaurant and kitchen!!! You can watch the cooks in action from above! :D Helpful staff, good service, excellent food! My whole paycheck could go towards NOPA dining!Everything on the menu looked delish! - PORK CHOPS! PORK CHOPS! -- IT'S A MUST ORDER!!- Flatbread! - Warm goat cheese! - A glass of red wine! Sadly, we didn't get dessert. and had no more room in our tummies. I was so FULL! By the end of the night, our bill somehow came out to $70! hahaF L A T B R E A D- Flatbread with house smoked bacon, corn, mushroom, and crescenza ($14) Unique combination of ingredients used! Delicious pizza!G O A T C H E E S E- Warm goat cheese, marinated cherry tomatoes, and crostini ($11) I loved it, but the next day I suffered at work (and I'm sure my co-workers suffered too bwaha)... I would advise you not to get it if you're lactose intolerant. hahaP O R K C H O P S- Country pork chop, yellow finn potatoes, dandelion greens and peaches ($25) It looked like a giant piece of chicken, but they was pork chops indeed!! I wonder what cut they used! So tender and sweet with the peaches!W I N E- Red wine: Sangiovese-Montepulciano "san valentino" Umbria 2006 Paolo Bea ($14) The glass of wine went well with our dinner!In conclusion, NOPA is DOPA! So you better make reservations and GO-A!
Just visited San Francisco and went to Nopa recommended by friends who are both foodies and good savies. The food was amazing I wished Lid Angeles had a place like this where it was more about the food than anything else. The Cauliflower soup was delicious. I wanted two bowls but decided to save room. Then we had that Avocado toast. Really yummy and spicy and flavorful. Then we had the Halibut. Not too many restaurant can do great fish but this restaurant takes the prize. I can't wait to go back on my next visit to SF. Seriously. Can't wait. Thank you Nopa.
Had brunch here on Saturday. The place was packed but there was bar seating in front of the kitchen so the bf and I hopped right on those seats. It was cool sitting in front of the kitchen and watching their whole operation - they're clean and all the staff are very calm despite the rush. Our waitress was very nice and attentive.Anyway, on to the food. We shared french toast and a burger and fries. The burger and fries were very good and I liked the pickled red onions, but the french toast was the star here. I'd definitely go back just for the french toast. Other random things - Parking was horrendous, Bi-Rite ice cream is next door if you still have room in your stomach for ice cream (I did), and cute dog sightings all around the area.
I love the place, every dish there is very tasty.We ordered the warm goat cheese, rotisserie chicken, and the pork chop. They are all well served! It can be a great place just to chill for drinks or having brunch and dinner. Reservation is importantly necessary here.
NOPA has hands the best porkchop I've ever had. People have asked me what my favorite restaurant is in SF and I finally have decided that its NOPA. I've been there numerous times and they have yet to disappoint me. The last time I went there, my man friend and I sat at the chef's bar and they let us choose which pork chop would be ours. Flatbread: they change this up with different ingredients but somehow its always amazing.Grass fed burger: they claims at NOPA that this is the best burger you will have. I don't agree because NYC has some delicious burgers, but its still pretty tasty. I was more into the fries that came with it.Roasted Chicken: I never eat white meat because its dry and nasty. The chicken here was moist, and delicious-dark or white.
Amazing amazing amazing! Every dish was wonderful. The service was excellent. This is our favorite place. The prices are even reasonable, it's just the drinks where it starts piling on. Worth it though. AND OMG THE SOPAIPILLAS! Mrrrrr
Speactacular place, definitely worth visiting at least once. The burger was juicy and perfectly cooked. It's hard to find restaurants that cook your burgers just the way you want it and this is one of those places. We started off with a light, refreshing kale salad. The burgers weren't heavy or greasy, but intensely flavorful and perfectly portioned. For dessert we finished off our meal with Sopapillas and a Chvre Cheesecake. The Sopapillas were warm, fluffy and sweet, well complemented perfectly with the warm caramel and sea salt. The Chvre cheesecake was also very good, with figs and walnuts, the pairing was amazing.The incredible service topped it off, definitely will be back.
Visiting from San Diego with my boyfriend, we originally walked to a place but one of the employees just let us know they were closed as soon as we stepped in the door, she was nice enough to recommend Nopa though! Which was just down the stop light. The place was a little packed... I assumed it was a popular spot lol. Since it was 11 by the time we arrived all the tables were booked so we just got drinks at the bar. I got the sunshine fix and the chocolate dessert.. Forgot the name but it was amazing!!!!!! My boyfriend thought his beer was a little bitter but it was good all around. Also, the bar tender who was serving us was really attentive and really nice.
I've been eating here for years. Everything is so good all of the time. If you don't like something you ordered, you fucked up ordering.
Well, we've been here a number of times. There have been hit and misses and frankly, I can't see why the place is hyped so much. Bauer must have a permanent seat in the place because he shills the damn joint every other week. We were going to a concert next door at the Independent and wanted to grab a bite before then show. It was early but the place was already packed with the usual after work yuppie's all adorned in their stylish checkered western shirts. It was weird. It was like every single one of these dolts shopped at the same location. We were seated upstairs. First mistake. The place was a horrid cacophony of people speaking very loudly inches away from each other. I'm still stunned how this place made Bauer's top 100 when he hates loud restaurants.We ended up bringing some of our own wine because it was a special occasion but bought also a bottle of white from them and it was nice and crisp. We started out with the Flat Bread with housemade sausage and fennel($15). It was a bit sloppy and not seasoned well. For fifteen dollars, we expected more. Plus the amount of sausage was scant. We then tried the Avocado and Beet Salad($9). It was a nice dish and properly seasoned but the beets were a bit odd in comparison to the avocado. We would have preferred heirloom tomato to compliment the avocado's but still enjoyed the dish. Then we had a fried shrimp dish that just didn't work. I don't recall the name of the shrimp but they were served shell on which we assumed that you don't peel them and just dress them the aioli and pop them in your mouth. They were not good at all. My wife tried one and got a mouthful of whatever exploded from the shrimp and she just looked at me with this sad look on her face. I ended up picking shrimp legs out of my teeth for the next twenty minutes. The place ended up smelling like a fried fish house because everyone was ordering them. Never, ever again. My wife ordered the Papperdelle($19) which I don't remember what it came with because that's how memorable the dish was to us. I had the Pork Chop($26).The server stated that the dish came out medium. What came out was mid-rare to rare. I was bummed but the amount of time that the dishes took between courses were so long to send this dish back so I just ate around the edges because time was starting to get gobbled up and we needed to go to the show. I was very disappointed with this meal. The service was good. Our server, female, probably in her 40's was sweet, professional and courteous. She's waited on us before and we really enjoyed being taken care of by her. One huge gripe we have and had with Nopa is that they have horrid ventilation. The place gets filled up with people and the temperature soars to the point that you actually can't finish your dinner if you are upstairs. Useless decorative ceiling fans that do nothing but bring ambiance to the place and my wife was turning red from the temperature. We brought a $275.00 bottle of pinot with us and ended up giving the two remaining glasses in the bottle to the waitstaff because we were too uncomfortable to stay any longer. Even our server stated that the upstairs gets unbearably hot. Pair this with the unacceptable noise level of the place and the sub-par food and unfortunately, not even good service would beckon us bad. Sad.
Decided to treat myself to a birthday dinner here with my girlfriend. I've already been to Nopa a handful of times for both brunch and dinner and it continues to deliver great food. This time around we had the little gem lettuces and toasted quinoa with smoked trout to start off our dinner. The salad was fantastic, it had a creamy herb dressing that was perfectly dressed and went very well with the crispiness of the gem lettuces. The toasted quinoa with smoked trout was also really good. For my main entree I had the duck which was really amazing. I was initially hesitant to order duck because most restaurants tend to do duck in similar fashion, but this version was better than most and was a bit of a pleasant surprise. My girlfriend had the salmon which was good as well.For dessert we had the ganache tart, which was a nice balance of sweet and salty. As always, we got seated on the second floor where we can oversee all the action, always a great seat. Service was fine, though I did feel our server was not very attentive. But I wasn't here to scrutinize service, still had a great time with great food. Nopa is always a really solid place if you can manage to score the reservation!
Brunch at NOPA was probably my favorite meal while in San Francisco. This place seems to excel at everything, from cocktails to service to of course, food. I walked in, and it felt immediately familiar to other hip "local/sustainable" type places I've been to. But this one would have to be near the top of my list. First of all, there's no fooling around with the cocktails. Someone behind the bar knows what he/she is doing. My Ramos Gin Fizz might have been the most finely-crafted cocktail I had while in SF, and that's counting a night at Wilson & Wilson. A gin fizz is a pretty uncomplicated drink in terms of ingredients - gin, cream, lime, lemon, egg white - but in execution, few places do it justice. Here, it was perfect. It tasted something like a Key Lime Pie in all the best ways, sour, sweet and bitter, with a noticeable violet taste that made me swear they added creme de violette (the menu doesn't list it as an ingredient, though). Beer? No worries there, NOPA has an excellent list, including a tiny brewery from outside Santa Rosa I'd not heard of called Moonlight. Their saison was on tap, and of course we had to try it. While I'm a horrendous saison snob, and as such it wasn't my all-time favorite saison, it was well above par; general rating 4 out of 5 by my reckoning. To the menu. For some reason, I thought this would be a "small plates" type of place, something along the lines of Miami's Michael's Genuine, where you order about 4-6 items for two people, and you both leave comfortably full. No. This is not the case at NOPA. I would be very hard pressed to call them "small plates." Maybe "small entree" size, if anything...and we are talking about some seriously rich, flavorful food here. We ordered 4 plates, thinking this would be a good start. I could tell the waiter kinda thought we were nuts. We asked if that would be enough, and he said yes, if you brought your appetite (or something to that effect). Hey, you know me, I devour "small plates" places with barely a burp when I'm finished, so I was skeptical. Mistake. I could have had the "goat cheese bread pudding" with blueberries and arugula all by itself and been fine. Much more savory than sweet, and quite rich, this could have been anyone's sole plate. Yet, we also had it with a fairly large slab of custard French toast, warm and satisfying with a little bit of custard in the middle. And with honey glazed strawberries, lemon butter and real maple syrup to boot (those who follow my reviews of breakfast/brunch places know what a big deal this is to me). I'm getting full all over again just reading what I'm typing. But then - then, the other dishes we ordered started arriving.I didn't have room for the braised duck with beans and sauteed kale, but ate it anyway - too juicy and savory to resist. As for savories, there was also a wood-grilled bratwurst with poached eggs and crispy polenta. That plate was cleaned as well.While we probably needed about half of what we ordered, as it stood, it wasn't unreasonably expensive, especially given the quality and quantity. In this sense, some of my hometown restaurants that I won't name could stand to learn something from NOPA! This will be a must-hit on any future trip to SF.
I had been MIA from the SF foodie scene so I had to ask my friends on the latest hot spots. They recommended NOPA. Fortunately for me, I was able to snag an 8:45pm reservation on a Wednesday night for 2 (it was two days earlier when I made the reservation). Dont bother calling ahead for a reservation if it isnt on Opentable because they wont give you anything better. I tried.My friends, and all the yelpers, raved about the pork chops and the burgers. They definitely lived up to the hype. Especially that pork chop. Man was it tender! We ordered our burger medium but it was cooked bloody. Just an FYI for those that care about not having the bloodiness. Service was good but not great. Same goes for the flatbread. It was good but not great.
I had the grilled squab and it was delicious. Their herb roasted chicken was very moist and delicious, too.
Love, love Nopa! My go to place anytime. Can get very crowded. Plan to make reses In advance or wait out the bar seating and community table. Which has never been an issue. Great place if you are feeling social! Cocktails rock and menu is always tasty!
Group of 4 and no reservation for dinner... We got in, sat at the bar and ate for the next 3 hours! Our waiter/bartender was a doll! She kept the drinks and the food coming and was always in the best vibe! We tried all the appetizers, the pork, the flatbread, fish, soup, 4 different desserts and I have to say everything was outstanding!!
This place was our first dinner stop in SF - and had extremely high expectations. We were promptly seated, and service was great. We ordered the avocado salad, burger, and the pappardelle with rabbit. The avocado salad was fresh and delicious. The burger is huge and juicy and pretty perfect. The rabbit pasta was just ok - I wish I ordered the pork chop (even though I don't usually have it).If you're in the area, and want a nice date spot, I can see how this could work. But as an out of towner, I don't think this is a must.
-My sidecar driver claimed NOPA had the best burger in SF. Well sidecar driver.. I have not tried every burger in SF as you apparently have, but this burger is my favorite so far. Kudos.-Our waiter was charming and helpful (not to mention patient with our uber healthy gay man friend asking for approximately 1 million substitutions). Damn those gays are picky! Amirite?! Kidding.. Anyway..-The atmosphere is clean and trendy. The drinks are interesting and strong enough.  -In SF, food must be egregiously overpriced for me to subtract a star for value. In other words- this place is a bit pricey but no more than any other tasty and/or trendy SF restaurant. -So why did I subtract a star you ask? I couldn't locate a wow factor. This place is tasty and fun but it reminds me of so many other SF restraints. Maven, Serpentine, Range, etc. -I will definitely go back for the burger. 4.5 stars is probably more appropriate.
If waiting 20-30 minutes for a juicy, tender, delicious burger to cook means you will eat the best burger you have EVER tasted, then NOPA is the place to wait at!Food took so long to cook and get to our table, I'm really not surprised by the lack of walk-in seating available as it stretches your meal from a quick 45-60 minutes to 2 hours. Definitely make reservations if you can but if you're feeling for trying your luck, NOPA starts a wait-list for dinner walk-ins at 5:30pm. My 2 friends and I walked in at 5:50pm and was seated at 6:20pm. Everyone else who walked in 5 minutes after we did was quoted 8pm and beyond! You can always find seats at their general bar area, which includes a long communal table, but it gets super packed as well.To make your meal go by faster, my advice is to just skip all else and just get the burger. GET THE BURGER! NOPA's burger is extremely simple, to the point where you might wonder why it is so expensive at $13, but something about how the meat was ground and tenderized made me regret sharing the tiny burger between 3 people! I'm not gonna even fret over how much fat was probably in that beef!The pork chop was probably the next best thing on the menu (but I would've gladly traded it for a whole burger had I known) - really good cut, tender meat. They cook it just under medium rare (but there was no blood) so if you have a thing about eating semi-rare pork, which is understandable, request otherwise.Did not care for the halibut or ravioli one bit. Either portion size was wrong, or the flavors weren't appealing. The halibut was fishier and drier than need be. Just.... don't.3.5 stars overall - service was only ok. I would only come back for the burger so I can't justify the 4 stars that I really wanted to give NOPA.
I'd really like to rewind to the start of our NOPA meal and press play, then rewind again...and play again. Had a great meal! Came in with the boyfriend and another couple and it was such a treat. The appetizers were so....I can't find the right word to do them justice. The flatbread was probably my favorite from the night. I had the burger, but also tried the pork chop and chicken dishes. All were 5+ stars. Treat yourself, NOPA will make it worth it from service to food to decor and beyond.
Food = awesome Staff = awesomeFor such a happening place you would think the staff would be snobby or rude, no everyone from the hostess to the bus boys and everyone in between were extremely genuinely nice and always had a genuine smile. The pappardelle with rabbit was so tasty, pasta cooked correctly and the rabbit very tender, the duck was perfectly done and very tasty, the pork chop was so yummy, great flavors and the goat cheese & the avocado beet salad as appetizers were out of this world!! We finished off with the butterscotch pudding and the dark chocolate tart and I couldn't have been happier....looking forward to trying some other menu items...yum!!!
The only reason I'm not giving this a 5-star review is that....I've written way too many 5-star reviews.In all seriousness, the waits here are never short but every second of your experience here will be worth it. In a quest to check all of the San Francisco "gems" off of my bucket list, I stumbled across and into Nopa, my knight in shining armour on a gloomy Saturday morning.Of course, the queue was forming out the door and with no hope of a reservation in site (note: check OpenTable before you go!) we opted to wait it out in the bar area. Mind you, there are people here who actually practice a bar-stalking strategy in order that they get the next available seats - shit it real. To my surprise, some spots cleared in less than 20 minutes (unheard of, I was later told) and we were knee deep in coffee and brunch-y beverages not to mention a prime location where we could watch all of the action (my favorite part of visiting any hustling restaurant). The menu was all inclusive, ranging from small, neatly designed starters and salads to more formal (but inventive) dishes such as the long-braised pork and goat cheese bread pudding. Both dishes were incredible. I even did my best to recreate the bread pudding, with mild success...Needless to say, I'll be returning to Nopa. Hopefully for a lengthy dinner. Without a lengthy wait (here's to wishful thinking!!!).
I had heard a lot about this place and was very excited to go there and try it out. My husband and his coworker invited me. All the wait staff were attentive and friendly. Our server was gracious and efficient without being invasive of our socializing into the evening. The appetizers were tasty. We ordered the butter beans , very flavorful and good and a ham appetizer that was unremarkable but not bad, a baked goat cheese with raspberries, not amazing but very satisfying. I had a Vodka Gibson that they served in a small wine glass instead of a traditional (fragile) martini glass. Always seems like I am getting shorted on Vodka when my Martini is served in those but I know I am wrong. Our entrees arrived after a very long time but we were drinking so weren't bothered by it. My husband ordered the pork chop, I had the King Atlantic Salmon. Our friend chose to have another appetizer, a bacon cheese flatbread along with a side of broccoli and French Fries. My salmon portion seemed more appetizer than entree. It wasn't impressive. It had the vague tired feel of something that had been under a heat lamp. I tasted my husband's pork chop and thought it was delicious. My husband just thought it was just ok. Our friend who isn't a big eater, shared the broccoli and French Fries. Both were excellent! The fries were fantastically crispy and broccoli was superbly seasoned. They comped us the fries. Not entirely sure why, maybe they realized the food didn't exactly serve us a stunning meal. A beautiful, well laid out restaurant but I think we got them on an off night.
People go on and on about this place.. Yes the food was good but my favorite part of our order was the Hot Toddy. Hot, flavorful and delicious. Try it!
Great atmosphere!! Olive platter, warm goat cheese platter, hamburger; everything was perfect! Yes, perfectly well made.
it's a cute date place, enough noise so that it's not awkwardly silent, but not so loud htat you can't still get to know each other.we had reservations but still had to wait 15-20 minutes for our table, which wasn't a problem, we just wandered through the restroom to the bathroom. Although, a friend had reservations at 10 and stlil had to wait for their table. (go figure) also, a little odd that a restaurant would only have one men's restroom, one women's restroom, and a unisex one. we all went with the recommendation of hte pork chop and an order of hte flat bread, with a side of roasted cauliflower.It took awhile for the food to come out, but we were given 3 slices of apple with a buttery cheese and a small dish of salt. (with the emphasis all on the BUTTER) all you could taste was the butter. The salt broke up the taste a bit, but this definitely was not to my liking.The flat bread was vegetarian but had two of my favorite thigns on it, squash and arugula. Except this would be good even for a meal for 2 people to split. It's like a pizza. We had 3 girls but because we ate all of this I'm pretty sure this is why we had left over entrees.The roasted cauliflower came out with hte pork chop. Good source of biotin, but a smidge overcooked in my opinion. The pork chop was cooked perfectly to a medium. still a little pink in the middle, and extremely tender First thing I noticed between the 3 pork chop was the display of the food. 2 of the dishes were a little inconsistent with the rest. . I usually don't like pork chops, but this.. was AMAZING. It came with some broccolini, cranberry beans and roasted grapes. Sounds a smidge weird with the grapes but oddly paired well with the porkchops. I guess the chef DOES know what he's doing. :)Dark chocolate tarte, with carmelized grapefruit and earl grey ice cream. The dark chocolate tarte I could do without, it wasn't too bitter but i'm usually not a fan of mousse things. The sweetness of the earl grey softened it up a little bit but meh. I could do without. I love grapefruit but they tasted like the del monte cups of grapefruit, which isn't a bad thing, but it tasted really good with the ice cream. Now the ice cream. OMG. YUM. enough said. where can I get a jar of this stuff????We also ordered the butterscotch pudding from the recommendation of our server. Excellent choice. I think the older i get the less I can deal with something that's too sweet. This had just the right amount. It came with a biscotti that was full of nuts. I thought it would have tasted better with a fluffy sponge cake or something. My only two gripes about this place is the parking and the time it takes to get your food so 1) public transportation maybe? (i get in a foul mood when it takes too long to find parking to get to my food) 2) you better hope you go with people you like to talk to otherwise there will be some awkward silences....I thnk i definitely want to go back and try the rest of the menu. Good job NOPA!
Had a great meal an only paid $1.12!Tricked you did I? No way can a good meal at a pricy joint be so cheap! Wanna know the secret? We had a gift card. Sorry to deceive you.My boyfriend and I came here around 6pm hoping to avoid the crowds, but it was jam packed! The hostess told us it would be a 2.5 hour wait. We were about to leave when she told us there was a cancellation. Phew! What luck!We were quickly seated upstairs. Beware, upstairs can be really warm because its situated above the kitchen. The wine and drink selection was great and servers will help you decide what is right for you. I was hoping to try the pork chop I heard so much about, but it wasn't available. I got the next best thing and got the porchetta. My boyfriend got the salmon.The porchetta was huge! Make sure you have room if you're going to get it! The dish had a wide array of rosemary, butter, garlic, and a bunch of other stuff I can't name but tasted delicious! The grand total of the bill was $76.12 with drinks but we used a $75 gift card and the final total was $1.12!*TIPS*-If you can get here early parking can be tricky-make sure you have a reservation ahead of time to avoid the wait
I called to check availabilities for later that evening and they were able to accommodate my partner and I for our second anniversary. The person I spoke with on the phone was very friendly and helpful. We arrived and were seated quickly in the section that I had requested. The tomato salad was tasty but I loved the grilled squid appetizer most (highlight of the night). I ordered the NY strip and my partner had the 1/2 rotisserie chicken.....both were good but I generally don't like having as much fat on the steak as there was. Great restaurant though that I would likely revisit again. Doesn't hurt that Bi-Rite ice cream is next door.
Scored a reservation for dinner on Thursday night at 8:45, totally last minute. I heard it was pretty hard to get reservations here before like 10pm. Most of the items on the menu sounded pretty good. We both started off with drinks. I got the strawberry cava which was very refreshing. My boyfriend got the Gold Room. Needless to say, when he left his drink unattended, I definitely took a few sips. It was like celebrating the holidays, but in a glass. The two of us started with the avocado toast (my boyfriend had come here previously with some friends and insisted on the toast) and the piggy platter. Both were super tasty. I loved how the piggy platter had head cheese. Because I couldn't decide on a main, I decided to order the flatbread and warm goat cheese as my main. My man got the burger with well-done fries. Everything was solid. I had no complaints. Would I come back? Yes, but maybe I would order less food next time. Both of us were in a food coma by the time we got back home. I think that everything was just so rich and we overstuffed ourselves. We practically brought the entire flatbread home with us because there was just no way we could stuff more food in our mouths.
Great Place!You will not fail going to NOPA. Delicious food based on fresh ingredients and a modern combination of flavours that, believe me, you will enjoy it.We order 3 dishes, and every of them was good (salad, ravioli pasta and duck foie).One of the best in San Francisco to go
Okay. What is all the fuss about? I've been here more than twice. Actually, i am sitting here right now, and so so disappointed... I told myself so! I remember feeling very "eh" about my last visit, but i thought i would try it again. And, i was very disappointed especially considering the heavy tab. The pork chop which was supposed to be the best ever, according to the waiter, "the only pork chop i will remember", was way way way over salted, and underwhelming. The same for the lamb. Also over salted, chewy/tough, and the flavors (aside from salt) are not special. Sardines, also disappointing. Won't be coming back. :-(
nopa is amazing. The first time i went I had the duck confit and it was divine. The second time i went i had the burger, it was good but not amazing, I wouldn't get it again. The appetizers here are really what keep me coming back, that and drinks. Also the staff here is SO nice, especially the hosts. They are seriously wonderful people.
The food here is amazing, you really cant lose. For dinner or brunch. The porkchop is delightful. The butter basted eggs are mouth watering. The custard filled french toast is high up on the 7x7 list of Must Try's. The staff is the friendliest in SF, and the prices are easy to digest. I love the brunch cocktails, this will remain one of my favorite's.Also, love the salvaged wood, industrial decor and the mural. True SF hotspot. Love it!
*** I enjoyed the staff here and everything I ate. ***Got here late nite, no reservation, yet had a cool time.Sat at the chef's table and munched on a few vegetarianitems while sampling a shot of Octomore and beer chaser.Flatbread (substituted the sausage for brocolli) ... 5Moroccan Tagine, Almonds and Lemon Yogurt ... 5Cara Orange, Beets, Cabbage, Hazelnut Salad ... 5Octomore "1&2" Islay Scotch "Heavily Peated" ... 5Moonlight Brewing "MisSpent Youth" Pale Ale ... 3Super high ceiling (20ft or so) makes an industrial lofty feel.Staff was attentive, and chef could not be more personable.*** Will I return? Definitely. Tasty, casual spot with flair. ***
I like the concept of the restaurant where the menu is always changing. It sounds like a pretty cool idea and this place was recommended to us.First impression, upon being seated, I did not like their service. Rule #1 in dining restaurant, you are so supposed to be greeted within at least 1-2 minutes. We weren't greeted for 10 minutes. Between getting our drinks and food, we rarely saw our server. I actually felt neglected. Not a good feeling to have at a restaurant.The food was good. It's raises the rating to a 3. I ordered their porkchop with apricots and sauteed kale. I loved how the apricots were grilled and the kale came out quite good. They brined the porkchop I thought that made the porkchop too salty but it was still tender, juicy and wondertul.The food was good but they need to work on their service and less salt please.
Possibly the best meal I've had in the city. It was the perfect place to celebrate my graduation. My whole family, including myself, thought the space and food were phenomenal. Can't wait to come back!
This place is amazing and left me speechless! Like some have commented, it's made out to be a very upscale restaurant but really does have a very warm, homey vibe. The only downside to the entire evening was parking... it took us around 15 minutes, circling around the area 4-5 times, to find a spot. We called in the day of on Monday for a party of 2 and they were able to accommodate us at either 6 p.m. or 10:15 p.m. We decided to go at 6 p.m. I love the atmosphere and ambiance of the restaurant: it feels really spacious but cozy at the same time. I wish every restaurant would look and feel like this! The bar was already packed and bustling but the dining was still filling up. The service was great throughout. We ordered:- Amuse-bouche: on the house, it was a bite-size piece of bread with an eggplant spread. They recommended that we sprinkle a little sea-salt at the top. It was tasty but maybe a little too oily from olive oil?- Flatbread: I think Giada de Laurentis mentioned this on the Food Network show "The Best Thing I've Ever Had" and she's right, it really is one of the best I've ever had. The flatbread came with bits of bacon, cherry tomatoes, arugula, goat cheese, and Parmesan cheese. I'm salivating just thinking about it. It's sweet and savory all in one. I could easily finish and entire order of this!- Pork chop: I've never had a pork chop like this before and I can't believe it's taken me this long to find one. It is so different from anything I've ever had. It's so juicy and tender... I really want to know the secret! It came with a little bed of salad on top, cipolini onions, and a wine reduction sauce. I had some of it the next day and it was still fabulous.- Grass-fed burger: The burger came with pickled onions, butter lettuce, and gruyere cheese with a side of fries. I can easily see why it's a favorite. The burger itself is very juicy and full of flavor. However, after some deliberation, I still have to admit that FO in LA is still my favorite. This is a close runner-up! The thing that maybe didn't do it for me was the aioli dip for the fries... it wasn't to my liking.Until next time, nopa!
Get the pork chop. it is moist and melts in your mouth. there is nothing better in this world while you are with the chop. try the head cheese, its very smooth and buttery. The smoked trout and hazelnut salad is absolutely refreshing and flavorful. I have been here 3 times and it has never disappointed me. Service is good, being that its a ful house every night. i would come back again. come early to find parking and wait at the bar :)
I can't even begin to write this review (Which is probably why i've waited for so long). I could go on for days but i'll try to keep it basic.Ambiance:clean, large, simple but trendy. The mural on the wall is pretty cool.The Bar: Really nice bartenders--made us a great martini and hot totty. Tried the asparagus and fish and chips bar appetizers --small snack-sized portions and so delish!The Wait: We got there at 5:30 when the bar opens, sat and had a drink and a bite and put our name on the list so that when the restaurant opened at 6, we were seated almost immediately. (i recommend this)We sat on the tables that were elevated, on the "2nd floor" of the restaurant and got to watch all the hustle bustle below--really cool place to sit! Saw a family enjoying dinner, a couple on a date, a group of girlfriends having a girls night out and finding out that one of them just got engaged (very sex in the city--screaming and all that girly stuff). Anyways, everyone sitting and eating looked like they were just having the best time ever.Food:Appetizer:Warm Goat Cheese, Frise, Crostini, Blueberries and Blackberries 12Really delicious! Great to share.Main:Rotisserie Herbed Chicken, Cauliflower, Avocado, Walnuts, Cilantro and Upland Cress 21--HANDS DOWN the best chicken I have ever had. You can taste the quality and the slow roasting! So so tender.Country Pork Chop, Sauted Kale, Grilled Peaches, Hazelnuts and Mustard Vinaigrette 26I wouldn't normally order pork chop but this was so tender--it cut like a filet mignon. Yes. It was THAT tender. So flavorful too!Dessert:Trio of Sorbets and Ice Cream - Almond Biscotti 8The flavors vary on what's in season but I believe we had blood-orange, strawberry, and creme fraiche? These were so fresh and a great balance of sweet and tart. PERFECT way to end dinner!Service was fast but laid-back--don't know how that's achieved exactly, but it worked for them and it was just a wonderful dining experience overall!
NOPA deserves 5 stars. Hands down an exciting place to venture out to. If you've tried time and time again to get a table before 11pm, good luck! BUT don't get discouraged. Follow suite and take a mid-day nap while dreaming of your dinner to come. Wake up feeling refreshed and make your way over to your European lifestyle of late night eats and lets not forget the drinks.The atmosphere is BOOMING. Even at 1am as we were wrapping up the placed could not have been more packed. Granted it was a Friday night, but I never seen an empty seat in the house before. The menu is small but you'll be hard-pressed to make your choices as everything sounds like something you'll want to try.We started out with the smoked trout - YUM. Delicate jewels of fish smoked to perfection and served on a bed of greens with red onions and radishes. The baked white beans with breadcrumbs were to die for. Honestly I would've given my life... after dinner of course. I've heard wonderful things about the pork chop but this time we tried the pappardelle with bolognese sauce, spinach and parmesan. DIVINE! Something about white beans tickled my partners fancy this night so he ordered the wood baked Halibut with more white beans and saffron. Rounding off the meal with a little beef we had to try the burger. Served on a croissant type bun the butter was practically oozing from the bread with the big hunk of meat making my mouth water. Although not much was served with the burger other than a few pickled onions and bits of lettuce this burger packed a punch. Dessert consisted of burnt honey Pot de Crme served with rhubarb compote and more honey almond nougat. Give me more please!I am not an evening person whatsoever, but for another meal like that I'd gladly fall asleep for a quick slumber and wait for my reservation. Make one - otherwise you'll be the fool who ends up surprised on your date night.
At this point there are 2762 reviews so im not going to write much. We came here for dinner - got the pork chop, pappardelle, flat bread - and a few drinks.... everything was good though i prefer a little bit more char on the chops. bring good friends, a date, or a buddy to shoot the shit and enjoy people watching on the 2nd floor
WOW. This place is just AMAZING. Im from socal and it just makes me feel sad i cannot visit this place often. I had a pork chop, and cheese burger and made me surprised by the taste. Pork chop is definitely the BEST pork ive had in my life. Juicy. Yum.And for the cheese burger, its not a normal cheese burger!! Their patty is the bomb. It was definitely the best cheese burger i had in my entire life . Amazing
Favorite spot in the city. Haven't really had anything I didn't like. Good drink selection. The menu is seasonal so it's always changing. Get the split pea soup if it's on the menu. Warm and delicious. The burger and the roast chicken are staples that area always on the menu and tasty go to. I also love capping off dessert with a glass of calvados. :)
I love NOPA. NOPA loved ME. They know me by first name and I can't get enough of the pork chop! The young lady at the front desk by the name of Alex is super polite and makes my visit here feel awesome every time. If you're in San Francisco. THIS IS A MUST EAT
Let me just say, props for making your own hot sauce, and then not making it wimpy. Without the hot sauce, the burger would have been great, but with the hot sauce... it was perfection. Also, it was perfect with the pickled onions. The vinegary flavor balanced the thick juicy patty perfectly...So, I spent the day getting acquainted with SF and stopped in for dinner/drinks with a friend.The menu was fresh and local. I rarely see asian pear on the menu, but it was perfect with the young kale with hazelnuts and pecorino.The clams were incredibly fresh and satisfied my seafood craving. Ordered extra grilled bread to soak up all the sauce... this is a must.Like I mentioned, I got the burger and fries, and then my friend got the bolognese. Neither dish was lacking in flavor.The cocktails were satisfying - not too sweet, bitter, strong, etc. Well balanced and unique.The hard part is the wait. We got there early enough to find a seat at the bar, but on a saturday it can be much longer than an hour for a table.
How have I never written a review about NOPA before?!? What is wrong with me??This is one of my favorite places to come for brunch!! I am in love with their french toast! The tip is to make reservations though!! It may be hard to get a spot, but not waiting for over an hour is worth trying to make a reservation.If it weren't 2:30 in the morning I'd be on my way to NOPA now because now I am craving their food!
As for NOPA's review #1806, I can either:- creatively construct another short anecdote about my experience and try to make you guys laugh...or,- let the photos of my delicious burger & fries do the talking.....yelp.com/biz_photos/ttaryelp.com/biz_photos/ttarI wasn't feeling all that creative.
NOPA isn't amazing, it's magical. There's something about it that makes it absolute perfection. Being a local, I've been there around 10 times and still feel the specialness of it all. First of all, the cocktails. I still have yet to have a cocktail as balanced as the ones here. $10 is about the standard price for a good one, and this exceeds expectations by far. One drink and you have the most amazing buzz that lasts for the whole meal. The Dawn cocktail is my favorite. Then comes a surprise taste before your meal - it's always different. I've gotten orange with hot sauce, a nice yogurt with pomegranate seeds, etc. Food wise - the rotisserie chicken is amazing, the burger heavenly (though I wouldn't say the best burger in the city - but it's very high quality), the flatbread!, the kale salad an absolute dream (even my square Dad raved about it), yes to the whole brunch menu, and lastly- can we talk about the BROCCOLI? You will not be able to move after the first bite. Whatever they are doing with it, never change it. It's a huge amount, perfectly seasoned with lemon, and has the most divine breadcrumbs on top. I've literally dragged people here for this and it has never disappointed. And if you still want to keep the magic going... go for that hot chocolate. Savor it, share it - or tell your friend to get their own!And then there's the ambiance. NOPA buzzes. It's always alive. This place is packed from brunch to dinner, all the way to 1AM at closing. People still come in for a meal at 11PM because it's that good. It's perfect for a classy post-game after a concert at the Independent (the next block over). And as for the crowd, I love it. The place is so diverse and people at all points of their life come here and gather together. It's very come as you are here and you don't need to be dressed up. It's really unique when you look around and see this because it's truly special. Love the tall ceilings, love the exposed kitchen, and love the beauty that even creeps into the well-designed salt and pepper shakers.
I love this place. I love the cheese Nopa can't stop adding to everything. I love the drinks. I love the HUGE space this place can fill. I came here late one night with a friend. Our server was great, the music was great. I don't have any complaints. Our drinks were clearly delicious because the bill did not matter by the end of the night. Get the kale salad. Nopa, will you please open up in Philadelphia... Thanks.
We loved the food. Just wish we had more time to enjoy it.Maybe it was just an off night for them, but it took over an hour for us to get our entrees. From the community table, we ordered a starter and entrees about 6:45. The starter of smoked trout and quinoa took about 30 minutes to get to us, despite our server telling us it was super quick to prepare. Mains didn't get to us until after 7:50 pm. All this for a party of three. While we would have loved to have dessert, we were afraid for how long it would take.If you are patient, they do have one of the best burgers in town. Contrary to one of the other reviewers, I feel like vegetarian options are pretty plentiful and attractive. I had the baked butter bean casserole as my main-- very satisfying.Oh, and they also forgot to bring out my second beer. Our server apologized repeatedly for the delays. What was the cause? Again, I was afraid to ask. Since she didn't explain why, it almost seems like these problems happen often.All in all, we love the food there as always. I'm just a bit nervous about going back.
Really well run place. Very crowded but orders were prompt and servers polite without being annoying. Had black cod with cranberry beans which was excellent friend had pork chops which was thick and juicy. Other friend had the hamburger which was perfect. Squid appetizer was sweet and wonderful also tried goat cheese bread pudding which was flavorful and light.  Pot a creme for dessert topped off excellent meal. Only con is cost but you only live once
Been there many times, always impressed by how great the food and service are.
I made a reservation about 3 weeks in advance for 6pm on a Saturday. Parking wasn't a problem as I got one right in front of the restaurant 20 minutes before my reservation. Since we arrived early, I ended up at the bar for a beer and the hostess grabbed us once our table was ready.For appetizers, we ended up with the fennel sausage flatbread. This is a must get dish. The bread was crispy on the edges and soft towards the center. The garlic cream was divine and the arugula gave it a fresh kick.The wife ordered the duck breast and I ordered the pork chop. The duck was cooked perfectly, medium rare. I wasn't much of a fan of the rice that came with the dish. As for the pork chop, yelp reviewers didn't lie. Best pork chop EVER. It's about 16oz of pure heaven. Imagine eating a pork chop that is cooked medium rare and taste like a bone-in ribeye without forking +$50 at Harris or Ruth Chris. The meat is so tender and juicy. The smokiness of the pork chop will linger in your mouth hours after eating the dish. (NOTE: Don't worry about eating medium rare pork. Our server explain that the chef brines the meat and it's the way they serve it and is safe to eat). The pork chop also came with asparagus which was on point.
I was pretty disappointed with NOPA. After reading all the glowing reviews, I was really expecting a lot more in pretty much every aspect. The space is large and open, crowded and loud in the impersonal sort of way. We arrived on time for our 7:45 reservation and were asked to wait at the very crowded bar for 10 minutes. Once seated we were greeted by our server and given menus. I had fantasized about the pork chop all day long. A quick glance at the menu crushed my dreams: no pork chop. Apparently once a week they take the pork chop off the menu and add a porchetta. Fail. I was not in the mood for a large fatty, bacony piece of meat. I wanted my lean pork chop. Oh well...I particularly enjoyed the amuse bouche - tagerines with a chili oil and a side of sea salt. It was a burst of sweet and spicy. We started with the flatbread with kumquats. This was fresh and flavorful and we both enjoyed it. The crust was a nice combination of thin and chewy. It took forever for our entrees to come out. Literally over an hour. We became hungry, tired and irritated. For my entree I ordered the papperadelle. I had asked the waiter for recommendations and it was hard to get him to be very helpful. He did say the papperadelle was "very flavorful" and I have to say I really disagree with him. It was super bland. It was in a spring pea sauce with carrots. It kind of reminded me of baby food. The roast chicken on the other hand, had it going on. It was moist and juicy. We also ordered a side of carrots with yogurt and I would say these are the best carrots I've ever had. Overall I would not return to this restaurant. The service was so painful and while the food was good, it was not good enough to put up with the wait. We also ordered the chocolate pot de creme. I liked the toffee that came with it but did not like the smoked flavor of the chocolate. It reminded me of smoke salmon and maybe it's just me but I don't want to think of smoked salmon when I'm eating chocolate! No thanks NOPA...
My favorite burger in SF is the Cowboy burger at Lark Creek Steak. THIS Burger is a close 2nd.I found myself alone on a Sunday thinking about brunch. I am rarely IN SF and alone on a Sunday and wanted to take advantage of a GREAT brunch. I have been wanting to try this burger for about 4 years and today was the day. I must say when I was seated at the bar, the gals next door were RAVING about the custard french toast, and they had a great looking eggs on pork and beans thing that looked very tempting, 3 people down had the eggs braised in tomato sauce which I also thought not only looked good, but would have been much more Weight Watchers friendly. I will be back for that french toast!But I stuck to the plan and ordered a med rare burger with gruyere cheese. When it arrived it was cooked perfectly, the meat was juicy and a litttle bit greasy (in a good way) there were TWO pieces of cheese. The fries were crispy and served with a dipping sauce that grew on me - red pepper flavored.YUM.
Fantastic food and service, clearly in demand judging by the line out the door. I had reservations and got there a bit before my guest, so I stopped by the bar and had an excellent Manhattan. My guest arrived and we were promptly seated. He had the hot olives to start, which came with some wonderfully crusty bread. I had the grilled sardine appetizer, which came on toast soaked in tomatoes. For dinner I had the vegetable tagine, which was cooked to perfection. Any hype surrounding this restaurant is justified. They're popular because the food and service are phenomenal.
- SF Bay Guardian's Best of the Bay 2010 Readers Poll "Best Overall Restaurant"- SF Weekly's Readers' Poll Winners - 2010 "Best Restaurant"Their menu changes almost daily - guessing since they dated the menu - you may find variations of what we had:- Comped amuse bouche with a citrus-aroma spread.- JCP's grass-fed burger was good. The patty seemed big, but it was soft when bitten into - and without that overpowering smell of regular beef. If you have never, or rarely eat grass-fed burgers, then get this.- Country pork chop w/polenta and grilled asparagus was a JCP happy-dance item. This was a thick hunk of meat that was seared well, but remained soft inside due copious amounts of fat and marbling in the meat.- Roasted cauliflower w/capers and golden raisins was something different. A mix of spiced flavors mixed with sweetness.- Sopaipillas with honey were beignets, and similar to a soft doughnut with sprinkles of sugar on top. That sauce was like a light maple syrup but not as thick.- Blue Bottle coffee to finish.Other positives included the accommodating hostess since we didn't have reservations (yep, even at 11pm, the place was busy), our friendly waiter, Jamie, for rolling with it - JCP put him on the spot a few times. Most everyone were in work casuals or dressy clothes. This great service and place is recommended.
Never have I been to a place that has lived up to its reputation more so than this place. Outstanding food! Outstanding. And the prices are are unbelievably reasonable. I got the pork chop and it was out of this world. Do not miss this place. We waited 1.5 hours for seat but it was worth it.
Came here for a late dinner at around 10PM and this places was crowded! Make sure you make reservations people cus ain't nobody got time for that wait. Our server was a lovely chap and explained everything fantastically. Their menu rotates and we got the pasta bolognese and the burger. Both were fantastic. The atmosphere was really hip. We were seated upstairs and it was nice to be further away from all the chatter downstairs.
WOW!!
ditto.
Heaven.
G
i like
DUH.
Awesome
yummy!
As you can see from my prior review (dating back to 2008, the only time I've been to this restaurant, despite living about five blocks away), I've had one mediocre experience at this "top" SF restaurant.Fast forward to this week. With a bunch of business associates heading into town, I figured I'd give this place another whirl. On my way home from work tonight, I called. Here's how it went down:(Nice greeting, followed by being put on hold)(A few minutes later, a nice gentleman greets me)Me: "I imagine it's slim-to-none, but I wanted to see if it would be possible to make a reservation for 12 on June 11th." Gentleman: "We only take reservations up to 8, but let me see if someone else might be able to assist you."Me: "Sound good. Thanks."(Woman gets on the phone)Woman: "We only take reservations up to 8. Take care."(Click)Me: "Hello, hello. 8 might work."(Line dead)Never again.
Review #300 perfectly coincides with a place that has been on the tippy-top of my "to try" list for the past year... Nopa!!We walked in shortly after 11 for brunch on Saturday and were initially quoted a 40 min for the two of us, before a spot at the communal table opened up and we were seated immediately. Score! (:Ordered a Blue Bottle latte, which I will say is one of the best lattes I've had to date. Shared a biscuit with the stone fruit butter with S, which went well with the latte. I had the beef brisket, which was tender but also tasted weirdly like gas throughout it. It was ok.. I think peeking at my neighbors' plates (the benefits of a communal table, of course) made me wish I had ordered to chorizo with eggs or the butter basted farm eggs. Next time!Overall, I love the rustic feeling of the entire restaurant. Will definitely return for dinner sometime (:
5 stars even though me and the mr. had to take a 11:30pm reservation. Service was excellent, and had the best seat in the house overlooking the chefs cooking :) and oh yea- the food was super delishhh! Ordered the flatbread, pork-chop and the grass-fed burger and received a complimentary appetizer. Very impressed everyone was so nice and normal. Def need another date night there!
always so good
Possibly the best restaurant on earth. We finished every last bread crumbs and garnishes. Smoked trout, pork chop, olive oil cake, Avacado toast, whiskey sour... Everything EVERYTHING is amazing. Definitely coming back again, and many many times after that!
Nopa is no dopa. The five stars from other reviewers tells the story.
I would eat brunch here every weekend if I could. Make a reservation. Go with a huge group (for the sole purpose of being able to order everything and being able to TRY everything). Even if you go buy yourself, order the french toast (but be prepared to take it home because it's HUGE). We got scones, biscuits with gravy, pulled pork - we ate until we couldn't move anymore and then ate some more because everything was just that good. Literally rolled ourselves out of there. slowly.
There is no such thing as having too much of a good thing. While the pork chop is excellent, they can certainly wrap it around with a slab of organic bacon and cook it on some duck fat. Vegetarians be damned....
Pros: excellent service and trendy atmosphere. Duck entree, pasta, soup, French fries, goat cheese, cocktails, avocado salad, butterscotch pudding, hot chocolate, ice creams, coffee, reasonable fee of $10 parking at DMV lot 2 blocks away. No problem splitting dishes. Bi Rite Creamery next door. Cons. Chicken (too dry), sardines (too big and fishy), duck appetizer (just strange flavor).
Wow, talk about being the last one invited to the party...NOPA has the distinction of having been reviewed by more of my yelp friends than any other restaurant I've looked up: 35 to be exact. And now, since I like myself (sometimes) and consider myself a friend of mine (sometimes), the ante is upping to 36. I've been to NOPA previously, ate upstairs (which is kind of like a whole different restaurant, activity-wise), and liked it a lot. This time I ate downstairs and again liked it a lot. But ho-lee-mo-lee... I didn't realize what a scene this place is. 7 pm on a Sunday evening and the wait for a table is 75 minutes and the bar is 5 persons deep for its entire length the entire time I'm here. Luckily, I had a reso but I think the wait might've even been longer by the time we left. Doesn't anybody have to work on Monday? Excellent food, excellent service, really nice price point on the food, with almost every plate coming in at less than $15. There's a reason for the enduring popularity.  It's great.
Pork chop was good but not great, and burger was too tough and dry for being cooked medium. Ambiance was great, cocktails were good and service was outstanding! Reason for the mediocre rating is the uber ultra high expectations created by all the hype surrounding this place.
I really don't know what the hype is about. Yes it's a nice restaurant but it's nothing that incredibly special about it. My culinary instructor told me that he got a discount for being in the industry. The food is good but I can't say it would be my first choice of restaurants to go to. It's always super busy and loud.
highlight meal of my weekend visit :)Apparently a lot of restaurants on my SF list aren't opened on Sunday! Fortunately we were able to secure a reservation here at 4pm (yes we are slackers). Since we had been ultra fatties this weekend, we decided to check out a couple of the small dishes and order more if we were still hungry. We tried:shaved asparagus ($11) - I'm used to roasting my asparagus, so this "salad" was a little off for me. Also wish they spiced up the walnuts somehow.. either toasted or candied.clams ($12) - good! They're steamed in a broth with bacon and potatoes.rabbit agnolotti ($14) - first time having rabbit.. tastes like pork/chicken? not gamey at all! They make these ravioli/dumplings in house and the dough is nice and chewy. sturgeon ($13) - omg this dish is SO AMAZING! seared and quite juicy inside. I wanted to order a couple more.At this point, we REALLY wanted to try the pork chop, or pappardelle, or halibut but we were too full and opted to finish off with a dessert. We got the cookie platter, which had a chocolate macaron, oatmeal cookie (my FAV, it has the same flavor as Indian rice desserts with rose water/almond, etc), brownie (not dense/fudgey :( ), alfajor, and cup of almond milk.. YUM!!This is definitely my go-to spot on those days when it's hard to get a res elsewhere. Can't wait to try the pork chop and other entrees as well!
This place is super modern and not at all cheap. I came here for brunch and I got the soft scrambled eggs. It was good, but pretty expensive for what I got. I mean...it was just eggs and potatoes. Everyone at my table was like, "ooh, what'd you get? That looks so good!" and I didn't want to let them down so I didn't tell them that it was only okay tasting...My friends and I all also ordered the blue bottle coffee cocktails with bourbon. It wasn't on the menu, but one of my friends had gotten it before and recommended it. My friends were SO PUMPED ON IT. A cacophony of "oh my god this is the greatest thing ever" and "whoahwoahwoaa! This is so good" could be heard from everyone at my table...except me. I wasn't a huge fan of it. It was really strong and I like my coffee sweet, not black. But, it was still cool to try. REAAAALLY expensive though. It was 10 bucks! So expensive for a mixture of coffee and booze.Wow, I sound like such a complainer... I'm not, I swear! My friends were really excited about all the food and stuff. I just wasn't too impressed, especially for the price. I spent 30 bucks on coffee and eggs! Eh, whatever, it was worth it to try it.
This review is for brunch.I've been dying to try NOPA for a while and finally came here for brunch towards the end of service. I think I chose incorrectly. It was just meh. Cocktails: the Blur was deep and herbaceous but the bloody mary was flat and one of the worst I've ever had. My friend agreed. The bartender was helpful and chatty and great though.Brunch foods: I ordered the braised pork and there were 5 small chunks of pork in the platter. Did they run out and give me this tiny portion because they'd run out? It was good but I was definitely still hungry after and the portion didn't correspond to my friends' other dishes. I did try the inch-plus thick French Toast and it was delicious though.I think I'll still come back for dinner sometime but if you're thinking of brunch here, SKIP IT, SKIP IT, SKIP IT. For the money we paid, it wasn't nearly worth it. Seriously, other items were in the teens for egg dishes. You know how much eggs cost...I probably should have said something but didn't. I don't know how willing they'd be to fix things since they were getting ready for staff meal. Good thing BiRite is next door so I topped off with some delicious ice cream!
Great service. Great food. It seemed a little chaotic and noisy on the first floor, but we sat on the upper level and it was quite pleasant. We could see into the kitchen, which was fun to watch. Would go back every week if I could.
A+ on all levels. Staff awesome. Food awesome. Restaurant huge and beautiful. Hours accomodating. Been here almost 5 times. And will definitely return. Thanks Nopa for existing.
San Fran Sexiness.This place is awesome and crazy packed. Being alone, I felt like I waited forever for a seat at the bar HOWEVER this bartender was nice enough to keep an eye out for one seat for me and actually came to find me to tell me when someone was leaving. hellloooo customer service! that was really really nice of him.Overall? really popular chic place with small handcrafted plates and artisan cocktailsthe good: flat bread - amazing cocktails - ridiculously nice bartenders the bad: the wait - parking? but I have really good luck; got a spot right across the streetoh also I learned the hard way it's not a running sneakers kind of place.
This place is amaz-BALLS! If you're a foodie, you won't disappointed, trust me! P.s. The duck breast was absolutely the favorite dish at the table. Simply amazing.
Came here a month ago? Or something like that. We had a reservation at 8 and they were running behind so we ended up dining at the bar. The pork was a little dry but other than that everything else was fine... Including the bartender
The service here is pretty good but it's way too hard to get a reservation on Fridays or Saturdays. We ended up here on a Sunday night. The 3 things we ordered were the grilled bread with avocado(appetizer), pork chop, and the burger.The bread was delicious, they must've put at a whole avocado on there.The pork chop was cooked very well and had a lot of flavor. But the flavor of the pork chop resembled the Chinese roast pork that you can get from places like Cheung Hing.The burger was the star at this restaurant. They will cook the meat to the temperature that you request. We got the burger at medium rare since they ground the meat themselves. We added bacon and cheese but will forgo the bacon next time. The bacon was too soft for my liking.
After several months in the City I'm glad I finally got to try NOPA. I took my mom and sister there for brunch on Mother's Day and everybody loved it. The service is great and the food was delicious. We ordered:Burger: Tasty, juicy, and cooked perfectly (medium-rare). Often times restaurants overcook burgers, but this one was just right! Delicious with the pickled onions. Custard French Toast: AMAZING! Moist and not too sweet!Garlic Sausage: Tasty, but I'd definitely go for the burger or the French Toast.Overall NOPA is a great place for brunch. Affordable and great quality. I look forward to trying out the other dishes.
Went here for friend's brunch bday celebration.. Long wait almost take 2 hours! Food was okay but they have this milky alcohol that i think it was interesting and easy to drink for the day
This place is high in demand, so making a reservation is a MUST! but make it a month in advance, sounds ridiculous but trust me, their reservations fill up FAST!!with that said, I have been trying to go here for months..and finally a reservation time that i actually wanted popped up. We drove all the way from san jose and didn't expect to hit traffic...sooo we were 30 minutes late for our reservation time, we called ahead and they said it was fine! HOW accommodating! that is very rare, usually popular joints will only give you a ten minute leeway but not this one! We walked in and immediately you could tell this place was good...how? the aroma! the bar was to the side with tons of people drinking of course. and there are two levels full of tables!we were seated right away and greeted by a very nice waiter. the menus here i believe change and become updated. so if you check out their menu online and go in and actually see the menu, they might differ a little. This time, two new dishes were added to our menu.what we ate:-custard french toast: this toast is THICK! so one slice is good enough to share amongst two people. IT was succulent. very moist inside with the custard nestled in the middle. butter melted and falling onto the sides and seeping into the moist middle. topped with freshly sauteed apples! and a light refreshing lemon zest popping out of nowhere!-grass-fed hamburger with fries: whenever i see "grass-fed" I know i must get it! this burger you can really tell it is quality meat! whatever kind of grass those cows ate, it must've been bomb, bc this burger was amazing! you can get the burger with guyere, or blue cheese and you can even add bacon. it is served with fresh lettuce and pickled onions and a type of spread. the bun was also grilled so very moist and crispy on the outside! the fries tasted like it was a kettle style version of kettle chips! also very tasty with freshly grated salt. I definitely recommend trying this one!I will definitely be back to try more of the other dishes that sounded good!beware, parking is hard to find, just like any place in sf!
This review is long overdue. A standout spot for my boyfriend and me. Every experience is always great! From the service to the food to the martinis, NOPA never disappoints. The vibe is young and lively... A great place for happy hour or a late night dinner.
This is still a decent brunch place, just doesn't live up to its hype. We got there at 10:30am on Saturday and had to wait at the bar for roughly 45 mins before getting seated. We got the smoked trout, scrambled egg and french coast. The only thing I was sort of impressed by is the french toast. Haven't tried too many brunch places in SF, but a randomly selected brunch spot in NYC can probably beat this.
One of the best dinners my husband and I have ever had! NOPA was recommended to us by a friend who lives in San Francisco. This was our special night out during our visit. We didn't have reservations so we went right when they opened at 5:00 and were able to order dinner at the bar. I had the salmon and he had the pork chop (also highly recommended by our friend). Both were delicious and different. The cocktails were stellar as well. We had the summit and the sunshine. The bartenders were attentive, helpful, and very nice. This isn't a cheap dinner but we thought the prices were very reasonable considering how great the food is and how expensive everywhere else is. Highly recommend! Afterwards we went next door to Bi-Rite for ice cream and took a walk to Alamo Square.
Well, as you can see from my rating distribution I don't usually give 5 stars so this might mean something.My friend and I ordered:1) Warm Goat Cheese, Frise, Kumquats and Crostini2) Moroccan Vegetable Tagine, Almonds and Lemon Yogurt3) Grilled Pork Chop, White Beans, English Peas, Chard and Mustard VinaigretteThe vegetarian dish was alright. My vegetarian friend didn't like it too much. The warm goat cheese was interesting but nothing I would want to munch on for more than a few bites. The pork chop was awesome--I believe it's the chef's signature dish. It reminded me of this yummy pork chop I had at Mustard's Grill in Napa. Nonetheless, I would recommend getting the warm goat cheese, the pork chop, and the burger (which I didn't get a chance to try).If you want a table, you should make reservations for sure. If not, there's still walk-in hope.I came at a perfect time at about 5:15PM. There was still lots of parking in the front. The community table had plenty of space. We didn't have a reservation so I knew ahead of time that we would be sitting at the community table. By the time 5:45PM came around the place was super packed--ready for dinner to be served at 6:00PM. It was a Monday night. I'm pretty sure on the weekends it gets more intense.We ended up talking to these 2 dudes in front of us about food and medicine. One of the dudes is a French trained chef who plans to open a restaurant sometime. He said the name might be something like "The Waiting Room." He was a personal friend of the chef who was cooking at NOPA. The older fellow we talked to does body work and heals people via promotion of positive energy. It was a long and interesting conversation.Anyway, it was an awesome 5-star experience even though my friend didn't really like her dish. I'd for sure come back sometime to try the burger. I'll probably come later in the night since it closes at 1:00AM.
Waitress was totally aloof. Food wasn't anything to rave about - totally disappointed. The experience was ruined by the waitress. It took 25 minutes for her to greet the table, and another 30 to return with the first round of drinks. I sympathize with busy restaurants, but this was just horrible. Was hoping for an outstanding meal to combat the service - but it was average at best compared to other meals in SFO.
I'm seeing a decline in quality the last few times i'm here. Pork chop is no longer juicy.
Stopped by around 10pm on a Friday night - you'd think the dinner crowd might have died down by then, but the wait was still 45 minutes. Instead we found a seat at the communal table within 10 min and decided to dine there. I found it surprising that A) there were at least 2 people dining alone and B) there were multiple people STANDING while eating. Is this place that good where you pay $20-30 for an entree to consume while standing?!Overall the food was very good, but the hype is ridiculous.
One of my favorite places in the city for food, drinks and good vibe. Everything on the menu is delicious! Love the summit cocktail!
Brunch and dinner are a dining experience. The best French toast I've ever had is from here. For dinner, the pork chop was delicious. My friends and I never felt rush and service was excellent. We even got dessert on the house. One of the best in the city.
Love Nopa! Five stars are not enough to capture this dining experience. Located in an nondescript former bank building that has been marvelously retrofitted to create an open and welcoming environment for an intimate date or a gathering of friends, Nopa is an anchor in the transitional neighborhood north of the panhandle. The menu is small but filled with incredibly creative offering. We have always been amazed at the robust tastes in each mouthful from appetizer to dessert. The food is fresh, and the staff is an amazing team of people that working in concert with one another to seamlessly enhance your dining experience. I was disappointed that the spinach soup was not on the menu when we went in, but the warm goat cheese, fresh berries and crustini appetizer was a magnificent combination of taste, textures, and temperatures. It only added to my anticipation for the main course.  My 2" thick pork chop grilled to perfection was juicy, smokey and delicious and accompanied by lightly sauteed broclitini, grilled nectarine wedges, and giant white beans. Every bite was a wonderful symphony of tastes. My wife's duck was equally as satisfying. The perfect finish was the dark chocolate tart with sea salt, caramelized grapefruit and Earl Grey ice cream. Amazing!If you can't get a reservation, drop in at 5:00 pm and get your name on the waiting list, then gather at the large table or bar and enjoy drinks and appetizers.
So full disclosure: while visiting San Fran from LA I went to Nopa on a Saturday without a reservation. I looked online 2 weeks in advance for a reservation with no luck so I decided to wing it. I got there at 5:30pm, a full half hour before they opened for dinner to get on the wait list. At that time they told me the best case I might be able get a table was at 8:30pm, probably more like 9 or 9:30. Oof. Okay fair enough, I don't have a reservation and its Saturday. I get it. The host said they would text when something would open up so I got my name in there and went for some drinks with my friends. Two nearby bars later it was 9pm and I hadn't heard back. So I popped in to check on the progress. The host told me it was looking more like the best case was now 10, more like 10:45! WHAT?! I checked in with my now more drunk friends and we all decided to say NOPE-A to Nopa. I mean I get it, it's a busy night but the system for walk ins needs to be fixed because waiting for 5 hours is not acceptable. We're now happily eating Nick's crispy tacos in Nob Hill. The bottom line? I'm sure it's awesome food but they don't have their shit together unless you have a reservation. I would recommend nearby state bird provision who the night before was able to get me in in a walk in within an hour of when I got there. Or just got to Nick's crispy tacos, it's awesome!
Really great food, but nearly impossible to get in. This place is booked UP weeks in advance.
Disclaimer: I was fairly drunk (for the second time that night) when I came here, and while I adamantly claim that this has no effect on my judgement of food, I'll still put that out there.NOPA has actually been on my list of places to eat since I moved here a year ago. But, being located in a part of town that I never venture into (for no particular reason, really), I never had the opportunity or drive to come out here. So, I'm glad someone else suggested it and drove that night!We ended up ordering the fried anchovies to share, and the pork chop, burger, and pappardelle to sort of share. I actually didn't know what the fried fish was at the time, having arrived after it'd been ordered, and was surprised to find out that anchovies were so tasty - I do wish they served up more than four or five though (to be fair, some may have already been eaten prior to my arrival). The burger, as most have claimed, was also quite delicious, as were the fries - the caveat here though, is that the burger only truly shines when eaten with both the ketchup and the amazing aioli sauce they provide. While still good without them, the sauces are the clencher that pulls the burger up another level.Unfortunately, I didn't have enough of the other two to really judge, but what I had of both the pork chop and papperdelle was good, albeit nothing stellar.Given my new found love for Martuni's, and how much closer NOPA is in relation to them, I hope to find myself here again, and soon!***Accessibility Info***Venue - The restaurant is huge, so I can't account for the entire venue, but there were no issues getting inside, and while seating is a mishmash of bar seats, booths, and actual tables, the latter are definitely accessible, albeit slightly tight since tables are situated somewhat close to one another. There is an upper floor as well, but I'm unsure if there's an elevator hidden away somewhere.Bathroom - Didn't check them out, so no comment.
I came here on a Friday night with the gf and a friend who has been here before and recommended it. We got there around midnight and the place was booming with business. Every table was taken! We were lucky enough to get a table right away.My gf and I split the Grass-fed Burger which was absolutely delicious! It had to be the best and most freshest beef I have ever consumed! The fries it came with were also really good. I can see why this place is so popular. Final Thoughts: Enjoyed myself very much! Great food though it did take a long time for it to come to the table or maybe it seemed to take a long time because we were all really drunk at that point.
I had their french toast, which were very fluffy and tasted great. I had a coffee tasting cocktail that was also something to try.
I highly suggest making reservations ahead of time. A couple who had walked in before us had the misfortune of finding out (even on a weekday) the wait would be 2 hours before they could get a table. Yikes. The service was exceptional. The waitress was very knowledgeable of everything on the menu. She was attentive and we seemed to get our food at a very good pace.The pork chop is a definite recommendation. Aside from that I would suggest duck leg. Definitely worth trying at least once.
Very good wine, food & vibe! Started with a bottle of Iron Horse sparkling wine. Appetizers: little fried fish, goat cheese & flat bread. Nice! Entrees: pork chop, duck, chicken & burger. Great! I had the thick, tender & juicy pork chop. The best! We had a magnum of Banshee Pinot Noir. Wow! Deserts: sopaipilla, chocolate ganache & peach raspberry crust. perfect ending. Service was very efficient & helpful. Will surely be back again. Lived up to all the hype. Did not disappoint. Left 12:00am & place was still hopping. Did I mention it was TH?
I waited a whole 21 days to dine here, and now that I know how great it is, I never want to wait again! NOPA has been on my foodie to do list for a long time. My reservation was at 8pm on a Tuesday night (originally 6 pm but the reservationist kindly moved it down), and this place was energetic, loud, and vibrant! I love the decor and high ceilings, the sink in the middle of the three bathrooms (try getting away with not washing your hands this time...), the comfy booths and beautiful communal table. The appetizers were out of this world good. The grilled calamari was fresh and came with a delicious aioli, while the avocado appetizer might just be one of the best things I've ever eaten! Good cocktails and wine list as well- the server really knew what he was talking about! I ordered the burger, gruyere, no bacon, medium. It was crazy. I hadn't tasted meat like that in 7 years (in Argentina). After the first three bites you get used to it, but it's delicious, and albeit its small-looking size, it'll make you incredibly full. The French fries were delicious and came with an amazing dip. My company ordered the New York steak which was good but needed more potatoes!The desserts were my favorite part of this meal. Restaurants seem to not even care about their desserts nowadays, but NOPA's desserts are delicious. We ordered the coffee pot de creme and olive oil cake- both were spectacular and quickly devoured. The bill came out at a very reasonable price, which just made the dinner even better! I'm looking forward to making this one of my regular restaurants.PS: if you drive, parking is horrendous! Park at the dmv parking lot two blocks away.
June 17th DinnerNopa has been on my list for over 3 years. Finally had a great oppotunity to come here with out of town friends. Everything shared everything we ordered. Small Plate at the Bar - Fish n Chips: The fish was cooked perfectly, Amazing taste!Starters At the Table:Pork Headcheese, Tasso Ham: Not bad, it was my First Time - thought it would be for the foodie, not at all. Def. sugguest trying it!Smoked Trout Creme Fraiche: This didn't do anything for me.Wood Backed Gigante Beans: Great tasting bean dish! Huge "Gigante" beans!Flat Bread: Similar to a pizza - pretty good.Entrees:Rotisserie Herbed Chicken: Seasoned and cooked perfectly.Halibut: DittoThe Pork Chop: A real chunk of meat! Seasoned well but a lllllittle overcooked for my preference.Housemade Pappardelle (Wide Pasta) with Bolognese: This pasta was Awesome!! Wish they would of added a spicer sausage.Braised Rabbit Legs: Done very well - very meaty!Grass Fed Burger (Requested Med Rare): This is one Really Good Burger!Desert: Chocolate Mouse: AmazingIce Cream: Reall good tooA few glasses of the Gamay "Douby" - morgon 2009 chateau de raousettService was good, cool / hip spot, look forward to coming back on a Fri. or Sat!
Had dinner here and loved it. The food and the cocktails were prepared perfectly. I ordered a salmon dish that was cooked to perfection. I enjoyed the warm ambiance and beautiful set up. Engaged with the waiter and he informed us that the menu changes ever week according to the expected produce and greens that will be available that upcoming week. Such dedication and craftsmanship was evident in their food and cocktails. Thoroughly pleased with dinner here!
my mind was blown...I was honestly expecting a let down after reading the amazing YELP reviews. I thought to myself, no way - we'll see!Well, I did see and I tasted too and it was all just heavenly.My boyfriend and I came to NOPA on a Saturday night, the wait was about 90 minutes and they were true to the timetable they gave us. We ended up getting 2 seats in front of the amazing wood fire oven & kitchen - it was an awesome experience. Our service, from the hostess to our waitress was wonderful. No complaints!We ordered the cauliflower & butter beans...holy smokes. You must order these 2 items to start, along with everything else on the menu, I am sure. Every bite at Nopa is just such a wonderful experience for your taste buds. Words cannot do Nopa justice - it's just not possible.I ordered the Cod and my boyfriend ordered the Burger.The cod was perfection. The lentils and brussel sprouts were cooked perfectly and the cod just melted in my mouth. Not fishy at all, prepared perfectly. Let's move on to the burger ...more perfection! Ordered medium rare, this thing was PERFECT (if I say perfect one more time I might have to be removed!). The meat was cooked JUST RIGHT, didn't drip one single drop and it was so juicy and tasty and YUM YUM YUM. The burger doesn't even need anything on it - although my BF did order it with cheese, he didn't even put the lettuce or onion between the buns & meat, it's seriously that amazing.I wish we could have stuffed dessert down our throats, but seriously, we were about to roll out of Nopa that evening. I cannot wait to go back and try new items on their menu AND leave room for dessert, as I am sure that those are nothing short of amazing as well.The ambiance here is wonderful. Nopa runs like a machine, an awesome machine. From the kitchen to the drinks to the final prep station of the food - it's so wonderful to see success in a place that really deserves it. Nopa does it well and they do it right and the reviews are a testament to all of the above.Definitely go to Nopa and you'll be thinking of the food and the experience for many days to follow, and you'll enjoy every second of it!
Woohoo, one off my to-try list! I wanted to try this place since 2010 7x7 list...a super long delay but finally tried it! Nopa is spacious illusionally since there's nicely done high ceiling. I came here on a Wednesday night, and this place was packed. The food here is innovative and delicious. The service was great but the time it takes for the food to come out was snail-slow. I highly recommend the Smoked Trout for appetizer. It was quite refreshing and definitely different from typical smoked salmon--much more texture. I also like the Rotisserie Chicken. The plate came with a whole chicken, and very colorful salad on the side. The Roasted King Salmon wa delish too! The cheesy sauce that it sat in was irresistable. The wine list and cocktail list is long. I would love to just come back for their bar--very lively!
Rushed to NOPA after picking up some friends from the airport. Their flight was delayed so we arrived an hour past our reservation but we were still seated immediately. Even past midnight the restaurant is lively without being overly crowded or too loud.We ordered food to share and picked the ones that seem to be the most popular based on reviews:Grass fed burger - Burger doesn't APPEAR that juicy but one bite will have you reaching for your napkin because beef juice is running down your chin. Recommend slathering the garlic lime aioli on the sweet brioche bun. Fries are crispy-ish. Pork chop - Huge slab of bone-in pork chop, braised and glazed, my favorite dish of the night. Papardelle with 9 hour bolognese - Wide soft pasta noodles with a meat, spinach, and cheese sauce. Good but significantly less flavorful than the other two dishes. Staff was attentive but a little on the impersonal side. Still enjoyed my experience there!
We shared the warm goat cheese, bacon fig flatbread and a delicious pork chop! Polished it off with the a delicious chocolate bourbon plum jam confection! The hosts were friendly and accommodating. Every bite of food was delicious and the lively open kitchen ambiance felt very SF! I would be giving Nopa 5 stars, however our server was a 3.5 at her best. The busser was more engaging and on point with his service, which we appreciated. Definitely go for the food!
After a second visit and another outstanding meal I'm ready to review NOPA. This place is a must-visit and near the top of my list of restaurants in San Francisco.The pork chop and hamburger are fan-diddly-astic. Despite the whole local seasonal mantra I'm sure the restaurant has these were on the menu both early fall and this last weekend in mid-January. Fine to go here if you're a vegetarian or whatever, but jesus christ, you should seriously consider the flexitarian road if you're dining at NOPA.The pork chop cuts, tastes and eats like a delicious steak. That's going to sound a little weird, but I think it's easy to dismiss pork as a boring entree (as it often is) - this one is out of control good.My visiting friend described the burger as the best he's had in his life. We had the Mission Beach cafe burger the following day - also well known - and the official verdict was, "NOPA's is better."The other sides/mains were also perfectly prepared....not in season now but we were very impressed with the olive oil poached albacore last time. (And really, who's going to heat a huge pot of olive oil at home, let alone poach fish in it?)The reservations are tough to get, but if you're willing to do a little advance planning, they're well worth it since you may simply not get seated otherwise. I've also heard NOPA does a great late night, but rarely being in the neighborhood at midnight myself I'll stick with Yelp Opentable reservation.
Great serviceGreat portionsAnd phenomenal foodSuch a great restaurant! You have to try the pork chop- I cautiously went with their recommendation, and it was very very good decision.
Last night we were lucky enough to snag a spot at the communal table at NOPA and were able to enjoy a spectacular feast. We started with a round of cocktails, the overlook was recommended to me by our waiter and it did not disappoint; stiff, subtle, and delicious. Next we ordered the avovado toast which was a lot more impressive than you would imagine. Fresh, creamy avocado on house baked,crisp toast with pickled onions and balsamic... It was to die for. For the mains we went with the burger and paparadelle with pork sugo. The burger lived up to the hype, perfectly medium rare with fresh house made fries, you cant do much better for the price. The pasta didn't wow me but it was by no means disappointing. Skipped dessert, but a personally french pressed cup of blue bottle coffee was a great way to end the night. I cant wait to return!
Great food. Great people. Great service. The oven baked egg was phenomenal. Sitting at the bar is definitely worth the wait. Bar staff is top notch. Great mixologists, and super friendly and attentive. Two of the three owners are here sweating it out with everyone else during this crazy busy brunch service. RESPECT.
The most fun you can have while late-night dining. Who knew that fine dining could be met halfway with midnight snacks? Before the food came, a waiter came around to place a little taster plate of broccoli with sea salt on our table. I guess it was their "special" free appetizer or sample. At first I really laughed at it because it was just three pieces of broccoli and a cup of salt. Was this a sign of portions to come? I secretly panicked, because in my #firstworldproblems: I was too hungry for small, fancy portions of gourmet food. But to my surprise NOPA is quite the generous bearer of feasts. To start we ordered the goat cheese and kiwi appetizer with crostinis. There's so much goat cheese to scoop that you'll need another helping of crispy bread. The goat cheese is intense (like most cheesy goats) however the texture is so creamy and delectable. We also ordered the farm egg and roasted squash salad which was an amazing combination of flavors and textures that worked as a great palate cleanser. Honestly, egg on top of anything will always make a great dish. And the cherry on top of the full course of our late night delights was the burger. It's small but packs a wallop of flavor. It was simply amazing. Order it medium. All the pink you want is right there, giving it the most succulent and juicy flavor to drip from between two slices of buns. Let's ignore that imagery for a minute and concentrate on flavor--it's definitely a winner. Splitting it between two people would satisfy, but you may want to just get one for yourself; it's that damn good. Ambiance is loud but romantic, intimate and bustling. Definitely draws an eclectic crowd and has a great spacey, minimalist feel to the dining room. And it's a huge restaurant and seems to draw a crowd at all hours. Be prepared to wait or your best bet is to make reservations.
I went on many sites to find one of the best restaurants in sf. This did not disappoint! The service was phenomenal from the host to the waitress. We sat at the chefs table which is a Bar top overlooking the kitchen. I would highly recommend waiting for this even if it takes forever! It's such an experience. We ordered the Brussels, flatbread, burger, and duck liver mousse. Omg everything was so incredible it melts in your mouth. The reviews are correct this place is amazing!!!
The best meal of 2013 so far--it was so yummy!!I had the black cod--it tasted like I was eating a slice of heaven. The bf had the porchetta, very well done!!After dinner, we scooted over to Bi-Rite for their ice cream. It was a great meal!!!
I have been meaning to eat here for a long time, and I convinced a friend to come with me. I made a reservation a week in advance.The interior decor is trendy and intimate. The restaurant has a full bar on the left side but still has more seating than it looks from the outside. FoodStrawberry dipped in yogurt- This one was on the house to start us off. Simple yet remarkable.Quinoa and smoked trout salad- Toasted quinoa is pretty genius and I the roasted maitake mushrooms were amazingCauliflower- Think of a mac and cheese but with cauliflower replacing the macaroni. I really the paprika crumbs sprinkled on top was the highlight of this one.Ham and mozzarella flatbread- This was good but I think they could have done some more with the toppings. Wood grilled steak- This was my favorite dish. Scallions and radish were great complements. We asked for medium rare, and this steak was cooked to perfection. Impressed.Porchetta- Crunch skin and fatty pork had wonderful flavor. Recommended by the chef and gets a thumbs up from me.DrinkStraffe hendrick belgian triple- imported from Belgium, cool and refreshing with citrusy hopsService was exemplary and a great dinner experience overall.I hope to come back soon to try their popular burger.
Been here for dinner and brunch and I much prefer their dinner menu over brunch, not that brunch isn't good. This place gets busy, but I like that they take reservations (only up to 1month in advance) and they're open late. No rezzie's? No problem....arrive early or grab drinks at the bar and wait. The food is GOOD. Not overly pretentious, but better than anything you'll make at home. Everything I've tried has been delicious. I like the vibe and atmosphere of Nopa. It's a definite take out-of-town guests kind of a place or anytime date-nite spot. I didn't give them full stars because I have had issues with reservations twice now. First time my reservation was "lost", but not sure if it was my friend's (who made the reservation) fault or theirs, but either way they were able to squeeze us in. Second time was this past weekend where I made a brunch reservation for a party of 8 at 1:30pm. We arrived early and with all of our party present because I know how restaurants get with large parties, but we weren't seated until past 2pm!! The host was actually really apologetic and brought us waters while we waited, but I wish they had communicated with the server that another party was waiting for that table instead of letting their customer order another bottle of wine! But I must commend Nopa and their staff for handling the situation really well. They were sincerely regretful and actually comp'd us a bunch of stuff. Anyways, you can't go wrong with Nopa!
Wow, this place represents the best of San Francisco dining. Incredibly reasonable price for a casual, chic, intimate dining experience with incredibly tasty food.I had the best pork chop in my life here. It was cooked to perfection -- moist and tasty. They also had a terrific grass fed burger full of taste.The side of kale is very good -- as good as a side of vegetables can get.The wait staff is very attentive and friendly. The only downside is the limited parking options.
WOW. This place.... is BOMB. Came here for brunch with two friends and we devoured everything in minutes. We ordered 6 dishes between the 3 of us and let me tell you.. it was worth it. If you live in San Francisco and you love brunch, this is the place to go! I think I may have just found one of my favorite places for my sunny sundays! I highly recommend this place. Do reserve in advance, though. It gets really crowded especially during the weekends!
Finally got to eat here!! Yes the food is really good and the service is excellent.It is always busy!! We came early and ask to make a reservation for 4 around 630. The bar opens at 5.
Great place... awesome chicken.  Prepare to wait an 1hr if you go before 9pm.
It was one of those blissful meals that made me forget about space junk, fracking, all the anxiety-inducing things of this world. Really, I dreamt about the tomato bean appetizer. I actually thought about it for weeks! I don't even really eat much meat, but the pork chops were the best I've ever had. It was one of those meals where every bite made my heart swell. Where you only need a few bites to be satisfied, but you want to just keep on going like a wild hog because it's that good. I was there in late October and now it's March, and I'm still thinking about that meal. 10 stars!
What was once an abandoned Laundromat began the transformation from a gritty stretch north of the panhandle into a city wide destination. For the many walk-ins without a reservation, hovering for a spot at the long bar or the communal table may not be quite as aggro an experience as it used to be, and the food is better than ever.The mix includes changing seasonal dishes and a number of cult favorites, such as the brown sugar-brined pork chop with brussels sprouts and the grass fed burger topped w/ gruyere and house cured bacon, available on the brunch menu. Given that Nopa also has one of the best cocktail menus and one of the most affordable, interesting wine lists in town-plus bartenders who cater to your every wish- you might actually want to spend time waiting for a table.
OMG best dinner ever!!! Orgasmic-ly delicious, if that's a word. My friends and I came here for dinner on a Saturday night. We made reservation for 7:30, came a little early but they were able to seat us right away which was a definite plus since they were a bunch of people waiting at the front door and the bar was completed filled.Their specialty drinks here are SUPER SUPER strong. We order the Galactic Lettuce salad with toasted hazelnuts and strawberries which was really good. We also ordered the flat bread with spicy fennel sausage. This is the best flat bread, simple but with fresh ingredients, it's delicious. We heard about the best pork chop ever so we had to tried it and it was amazing!!!! AMAZING!!! The most tender and perfectly cooked piece of pork chop. The dish comes with a side of slaw, potatoes and mustard vinaigrette. As if the pork chop didn't make the dinner great already, we also had the burger and the chicken plate, which were also really really delicious. The price here is somewhat pricey however for how great the food is, it's fitting that you would pay $$$ for the delicious meal that you will have here. DEFINITELY would recommend this place to everybody.
Suggestions on yelp where right on, I also liked the vanilla bean dessert! Yum!Entrees were ok. Appetizers and desserts were better than the main course.
NOPA is just a beautiful restaurant. If you want great wine, interesting cocktails, delicious small bites and melt in your mouth entrees, then NOPA is the place for you. If good service and people watching float your boat, then NOPA is still the place for you.Had a leisurely dinner of:Baked gigante beans: soft and crispy bc of the crumbled breadcrumbs.Grilled Calamari: Melt in your mouthBurger: Just deliciousBroccoli: to make us feel healthy, but ended up being one of the best parts of the mealThe wines are great as are the knowledgeable waiters who helped us choose a bottle.
Been here twice and while I think the food is solid, I don't know if its worth the wait. We had reservations on Weds night at 11PM and there were a couple that walked in to ask how long the wait is and their reply was 2 hours. The place closes at 1AM.... I will say tho, it is the most NYC place in SF. Why don't more places like this exist so that perhaps the appeal of a good late night spot isn't so rare. Burgers and pork chops are quite the delight but unless you like to plan your meals a month in advance and eat at 11pm, I don't think this place is worth the hype.
Oh wow! This place knocked my socks off! Had a wonderful dinner there the other night and have been thinking about it ever since! From the service to the food - everything was top notch. As you know there is usually a wait for a table if you don't have a reservation, which we didn't, but we immediately found seats at the bar - which I'm sure it's a rarity on a Saturday night. We ordered drinks which took a bit of time to arrive but they were worth the wait. We ended up ordering the duck and chicken dishes which were superb. A meal that I will remember for a while. Can't wait to go back!
My first NOPA brunch experience and wow. It exceeded all expectations, which were already high. My $4 Virgin Bloody Mary was Amazing (yelp.com/biz_photos/ttar)! Smokey, spicy, textured. All the attributes of a delicately craft drink. The OJ tasted like it was squeezed straight into my mouth.The $15 Braised Pork Loin stew with Kale & Jicama (yelp.com/biz_photos/ttar) was divine. Each ingredient was cooked to its individual perfection. Pork -- tender, juicy, and delicious -- pulled straight from the bone. The Kale and Jicama were crunchy but marinated throughly in the stew's broth. And the side of cornbread rivaled my Grandmas (probably a Chef's grandma's recipe.) The $11 Sweet Ricotta Crepe with Rhubarb Compote (yelp.com/biz_photos/ttar) was not to my tasty but still definitively well crafted. The Ricotta was too bitter-sweet for my liking, but I loved the Rhubarb Compote. If you're a ricotta fan it's a must. Reservations are hard to secure and the wait for a table was 45 minutes at opening, but if the bar is first come, first serve, so we sat down without waiting. Also by sitting at the bar you enjoy the luxury of watching the bar staff -- modern alchemists -- finesse gorgeous pastel potent potable for lazy Sunday consumption. Their proficiency was nothing short of artful. So go ahead and ignore the initial sticker shock of NOPA. It pays back in dividends.
During the time I was at NOPA, I was extremely happy. Elated, probably. No, let's say on cloud nine.Let me tell you why:The service is fantastic. The hostess and maitre d' (I think) were both wonderful people who were committed to providing excellent service. Once seated, my friend and I were served by a knowledgeable, attractive, and charismatic waiter. The bus staff were fantastic, too.On to the food: GOOD, GREAT, WONDERFUL, DELICIOUS. I had the rabbit ("Bunny" to a guy I know). It was my first time having rabbit. The maitre d' (I think) answered my questions about it honestly and I was venturous enough to try it....It was one of the best choices I made during my time in SF. The rest of the food was great too.I would go online and list what I had and the reasons that each were great, but NOPA changes its menu daily and supports local farms, so the menu changes seasonally, I'm assuming. Please view the photos for how wonderfully delicious everything was.The neighborhood is nice, too, and I love the decor of the restaurant. We sat upstairs, which gave us a nice view of these communal tables and of the bar--everything was fantastic.Thinking about it? STOP THINKING--GO!
I came here for brunch with my girlfriend and wanted to try the Crustard French Toast which made the 7X7 top 100 list. Came here without a reservations and it was a long one hour wait. So note to self, make reservations at this place in the future. What we ordered:-Soft Scrambled Eggs - Smoked Ham, Gruyre, Potatoes and Roasted Spring Onions ( I love this dish! Full of flavors and the gruyere cheese was scrambled in with onions and ham AGH! PERFECTION!)-Custard French Toast - Blood Orange Marmalade and Honey Lemon Butter (Came with two thick pieces, perfect for sharing. OMG the portion was perfect and the french toast was thick and fluffy. I was a huge fan of the marmalade. Super sweet and was the prefect touch for the French Toast!)Ambiance: was comfortable, simple and has a contemporary look. Service was great and super friendly. Parking was a little hard to find.
Maybe it was my food but this place wasn't anything special to me I had the salmon and it wasn't tender enough I've had salmon from the Ritz Carlton hotel in New Orleans and it was wayyyyyyyyy better than this I just expected more from all the grand reviews.
Pros- ambience, sat on the top floor which was fun for people watching!- cardamom roll was SO good, a must if you are having brunch there- reasonably priced for a nicer placeCons- difficult to get a reservation, but although once you do, it's fine4 stars because other than the cardamom roll, the food (burger and omelette) was good but not amazing (as the difficulty in reservations/wait seems to indicate it will be).
beautiful restaurant, delicious food, perfect cocktails and awesome Management!!! I can't stop recommending this place to all my friends....
We took a cab home from watching the Thermals at Rickshaw Stop and realized NOPA was the only spot open in our neighborhood. I'd never been (somehow - I live two blocks away) and figured it was time to check it out.Really long, ridiculously nuanced and hilarious story short: they "got us in" at the Chef's Table (right next to the expo station, with an excellent view of ovens, fryer, saut, grill and pantry) at 1:35am on this particular Friday night.We had the burger, mid-rare, no cheese and the roasted cauliflower and carrots. The veggies were crisp but moist, perfectly seasoned and drizzled with honey - read: "fucking awesome" okay?The burger was heavenly. It was perfectly mid-rare, succulent, juicy, well-flavored and had a nice char flavor to it.They were Johnny-on-the-spot with the service, super friendly and efficient and we got outta there spending only $41 for our meal and two beers, AFTER a generous tip.I can't wait to go back.
My favorite restaurant in town. New to SF, I'm still trying new places and NOPA is definitely THE place. First time I tried it, I fell in love with everything. The Food, the ambiance, the high standing service, the cocktails as well as the wine selection. You can't go wrong with NOPA. Everybody that I want to surprise, please and amaze, I bring them there. Even one of my closest friend, a fine connoisseur in wine was so surprised to found out that they were carrying the "Mas Daumass Gassac". Which is absolutely amazing especially if you drink it with red meat. Can you feel that little cherry note?Down side: there's wait, so plan in advance if you want to do something else after. Parking is not easy, but there's plenty of side street that are free to park (if you find a spot) and the price can be a little bit expensive, but it's definitely worth every penny. So if you want to treat yourself or please somebody in town, Nopa is the place
Solid food, but the service was off. Would recommend the burger- really juicy, meaty, heavy (if that's what you're into). The homemade ketchup is tasty too. Other people in our group ordered the pork chop (looked juicy but noticed a ton of fat on the meat). We came on a Saturday night, party of 6. Our server rushed us while we were ordering drinks and just had a standoffish/ I'm too cool/ this restaurant is too cool attitude. The food took an hour to come out, which was fine b/c we ordered apps and multiple cocktails. But, at the end of the meal while we were still having our after-dinner drinks she dropped the check abruptly, clearly indicating that she wanted us to leave. Btw, she auto-gratuitied the check, per usual for a group of 6, but maybe this explains the poor service. Then, as if we weren't already turned off by her service, she sent a bus boy over to the table to say in the rudest tone ever, "thanks guys" clearly indicating for us to leave. I think diners pay too much here to be treated like they were in a burn and turn restaurant. Would I come back? Maybe if someone brought me here on a date. But, I definitely wouldn't recommend it to any friends or family.
I am in the cab leaving Nopa now and am very very very very very very very happy! I love the service and food there. Yes, our smoked trout and quinoa appetizer was amazing. Yes, our braised duck leg and polenta was sick! But the A+ service complimented the meal perfectly. On top of that, add the craft cocktails and it's over.
Can't go wrong. I've been here twice over the past four years, it's hard to believe I haven't squeezed in a few more visits but it's always so crowded. First time I ate here it was at 11 or midnight midweek in the Summer, good food and a lot of fun...and not crowded, woooohooo!!! San Francisco can be so sleepy. Went for seconds a few weeks ago. Walked in at around 6 on a Wednesday, it was packed, shared a seat with my friend at the bar. Chatted with everyone around us and a random stranger offered us concert tickets to a show he couldn't go to at the Independent that night (totally don't remember the band and my friend didn't want to go *tear*). In other words, friendly happy people galore. We were there for the cheese plate, dessert, and port. Service was perfect and so was the food. Trying to make my way back soon.
I feel like I might get attacked in a back alley for giving NOPA a 3 after all the hype people sold me.It may have been because I had 2 amazing burgers the same week I tried NOPA's burger but oh man, it just wasn't that amazing. Additionally, my friend wasn't super impressed with her entree either.I'm open to the idea they were having an off night or we ordered the wrong items or maybe you just need to recognize this is a fun late night spot more than anything. Either way, I don't really want to come back. Sorry NOPA, we just can't be together.
How's this for crazy...flew from South Carolina to SFO two Saturday afternoons ago as a mileage run (with an early-starting Sunday return), and to go to NOPA for a late (10:30) night dinner. I was not disappointed once at NOPA. I had a drink at the bar--a sunrise cocktail. Then as my table opened up upstairs I was seated upstairs at a two pereon table above the lower main entrance, the "catbird" seat in the house. It's mostly a younger twenties and thirties crowd generally, but I didn't feel out of place. I very much enjoyed the duck mousse and toasted bread. It's so rich, it's an easy appetizer for two! The pork chop, so highly recommended by many here, was superb. It was very meaty, but moist and very favourful. Please put this place on your list, and enjoy. (Be sure to get reservations 60 days out!) Regards to all.
I came here with 2 friends at 6:30 on a Thursday and we were told that a table might be ready around 8:30, but if spots open at the bar or community table, we could sit down and eat; at 7:00 there was a table for us. The warm goat cheese is a must.
this restaurant ... this restaurant!
Let me.Feel: youtube.com/watch?v=V305Eat: Nopa's outstanding custard French toast.Jeremy Olander made sure brunch was the only thing on my mind. It was an epic deep and progressive three hour journey. Eating whatever is always the reward.Served smothered with a blueberry compote and honey-lemon butter. It's practically dessert. Bread sponges up everything. You'll inhale it all.Two massive pieces for $14. Easily shareable among four people.On the side was an order of the house granola. Highlights were both a lemon accented yogurt and cherries. Two things you rarely see. Two things we should see more of.Pot of $8 Blue Bottle kept everyone caffeinated.Later than day found myself humming the song. And wishing someone would let me have just one more bite.
I've always been reluctant to write a review for this place for fear my love for NOPA will soon fade, but after dining here 5+ times, I think it's about time I write a review. Not sure if a review can do it justice, I can probably write a whole novel about this place. This is definitely one of my faves in the city and it never disappoints! Actually, the brunch left a little more to be desired, but it's hard for a place to succeed in both (except Foreign Cinema, yum). I know people don't like to read, so here's the TL;DR version. I love how their menu always changes, yet stays the same. They'll always have the porkchop, but depending on the way it's prepared, some days are better than others (like the time it was prepared with PLUOTS, a plum apricot hybrid).DINNER-----------Appetizers, great for sharing:_Flatbread: Comes in 8 pieces, I've noticed fennel sausage being a popular ingredient that often makes a comeback, but I particularly enjoyed the time it was prepared with arugula and early girl tomatoes._Goat Cheese Crostini: Mmmmm, warm goat cheese. Need I say more?Entrees, hearty portions; enough to feed your hungry man guest:_Country Pork Chop: Always cooked to perfection and they do an excellent job pairing it with great ingredients (bring back the pluots when they're back in season!)_Grass Fed Hamburger: Definitely one of the better restaurant burgers in the city. The meat is juicy and tender. Makes for a great late night bite, esp. since they're open til 1am._Rotisserie Chicken: This one is a hit or miss, a few times it came out a little bit on the dryer side._Pappardelle: Good, but nothing out of the ordinary. This isn't an Italian restaurant, so I'm not expecting amazeball pasta anyway, I came for the meat!Dessert, could be more inventive._Trio of Sorbet: I could easily pass on the chocolate one, but the grapefruit and strawberry ones are really refreshing and great palette cleansers after scarfing down that big chunk of swine or juicy burger._Sopadillas w/ Caramel Sauce: The warm caramel sauce added a nice touch to this, tasted like a caramel dipped churro. Sides_Broccoli: They served this on the house for my friends birthday and it's the best broccoli side I've ever had at a restaurant. I want more. WTF did you season it with? Must be crack, because it's insanely good and did I mention I want more!?++ The cocktail menu is one of the best in the city. Can't go wrong with the Sunshine Fix, but I will always come back for the Elderflower Gimlet. Bartenders are very knowledgeable. Can't decide what to order? Just tell them what you like and leave it up to them. They never fail to satisfy. BRUNCH-------------_Custard French Toast: Did not live up to the hype. Too much batter, too soggy. Not worth the wait. I'm thoroughly disappointed by NOPA's brunch service, but I'd definitely be back for dinner and drinks. Oh, and open til 1am daily, one of the only few good late night aside from Beretta.
Excellent Californian food and cocktails if you can manage to get a table - walk-in waits are usually insane, and it can take quite awhile even to find some seats at the bar or communal table.Definitely worth it though. We had a number of small plates to share and were impressed with the overall quality of the food.
Nopa is definitely one of my favorite restaurants in SF. I like the casual vibe, the cozy atmosphere, and of course, the food. The place gets really crowded so I recommend that you make reservations ahead of time.If you were to try only one thing on the menu, get the grilled pork chop. It's unbelievably tender and juicy - not dry at all. Each time we've ordered it, it's always been perfectly cooked. It's comfort food done ten times better. For dessert, you absolutely have to try the sopaipillas. They are cinnamon sugar-coated pillows of perfection. To top it all off, you eat it with caramel sauce that makes it feel like you've died and gone to dessert heaven. Those two dishes alone are enough to keep me coming back for more!
Over a year ago, I came to NOPA with a group of co-workers. We were dressed in hillbilly garb (from a costume party) and few of us were sober. Even in my hazy-brained state, I knew this was a nice place... So I sent myself home :)Just a few weeks ago, I met up with a gal pal here for drinks. Thankfully, I was in much better shape this time around. NOPA is a perfect place for happy hour - they have a large, long bar with plenty of seating. Drinks are reasonably priced (at least by SF standards) and the have a pretty decent wine list too. I love the fact that the bartenders actually remembered what kind of wine I chose and when I asked for a refill, they were ready with my bottle...I like NOPA a lot and have heard that the food here is pretty good. I would definitely return and sample the eats. It's probably not cheap so maybe I could take my parents here the next time they're in town?
From their awesome cocktails, to their delicious french toast, I know I'm definitely going again!
Don't get the hype about their burgers. I had one last night, and it was pretty much just a huge slab of meat. The basil aioli was the best part.
My Wife and I enjoyed a wonderful Anniversary dinner at NOPA in March. The atmosphere is somewhat loud, but we were on the top section removed from a bulk of the noise. The vibe was great though, from the decor to the staff, things felt modern and fun.The food was fantastic. I had the Pork Chop thanks to the hundreds of recommendations, and it did not disappoint. Cooked to perfection, perfectly tender, every bite was fantastic... Even had some left over, and it was delicious cold. The wife had the burger, and having tried 3 other burgers in the week we were in San Fran, declared this burger to be the best. Worth the price, and the wait. Just get a reservation well in advance.
Food and available beverage selections were great, most will love this spot.I do have to bring up the large amount of lint from the napkins (I was wearing black pants). Asked the staff if they have a lint roller to handle the situation and they said no. I expected to not have my darker colored clothes decorated by their linens.
It's nice to find a late night dining option that doesn't involve plastic seats, fluorescent lighting and servers in yellow and orange uniforms. I had to edit my menu choices because it was close to midnight by the time we sat down and if I've learned anything, it's not to overeat late at night. The hamburger was sublime and was served with a well spiced harissa aioli that went well with the meat. Baked calamari with clementines and chick peas sound like an odd combo? Maybe, but all the flavors worked.The star of the evening was the dessert plate of house made egg nog and cookies. I usually don't go for cookies and against my better judgement late at night I really should have abstained, but I can never resist egg nog. The trio of cookies was a surprise hit. The snickerdoodle was so chewy and was served warm, the dark chocolate variety was dense and satiated my never-ending chocolate craving and the texture of hazelnut chocolate was simply beautiful.Late night dining done right.
Rustic, home-y, savory food - great for sharing!This place is very busy and if you did not score a reservation you might try your luck with Walk-In Friendly Communal Table, which seats ~16 people. I've been there twice already and tried:APPETIZERS:Little Fried Fish and Chile Lime Aoli - yum! Flatbread of Ham, Cabbage, Pickled Onions and Gruyre - ENTREE:Country Pork Chop - not into pork, but was pretty good.Grass Fed Hamburger - the best!Duck Confit - crispy and delish!They offer signature cocktails - which always makes dinning experience more fun :) Dinner for 2 is about $100.This place is pretty loud
This place is one of my favorite restaurants in SF. I love the the high-ceiling with huge windows that span the walls, second-floor seating (if you're lucky enough to secure reservations and requested for 2nd floor), open kitchen (to attest to their legit-ness and cleanliness), + AMAZING food, and nice staff. Good selection of drinks, cocktails, beer- everything you need. I ordered the expat ($9) and sunshine fix ($9) - both were extremely good! If you like gin like me, I'd highly recommend trying this drink which had a tangy yet refreshing punch to it. My bf ordered the Hopf (?) beer which he enjoyed as well. What we ordered and shared:Young kale, toasted hazelnut, + mandarins salad ($10): simple salad as a starter. A bit small and a almost too simple for the price but good mix of ingredients and I guess we're paying for the ambiance so all good. Flatbread with fennel sausage, mushrooms, mizuna ($15): YUM. Fresh and perfectly cooked. Thin and tasty. I'd definitely order this again.Grass-fed burger ($13): Believe it when others tell you that this is absolutely the BEST burger in town. SO good. i can't believe how juicy and tasty a burger could be but NOPA has definitely got it perfectly made- hands down. Although we usually order different items so we can have some variety, my bf and I both ordered the burger since we've heard so many wonderful things about it (plus- less sharing involved if it was truly bomb- WHICH it definitely was.)We were way too stuffed for dessert but we're already trying to plan another trip. :) This restaurant can be super chill and affordable if you skip the drinks and appetizers but we decided to splurge. It's also a cute restaurant that's perfect for the date you're trying to impress and show you have good taste. I've heard a lot of good things about their brunch, too so I'm definitely looking forward to that visit!TIP: Finding parking on the street can be a pain so plan accordingly!
Seriously THE BEST dining experience on our weeklong trip to San Francisco! Came here from a recommendation from a friend who grew up around here who has now moved to the East coast. Would def recommending making reservations way in advance! We got lucky by snagging the last free table of the night!The place is very warm and inviting. The late afternoon streams in through the high bay windows, perfectly calling attention to the open kitchen in the back and the double height space. There is something about a beautifully (day)lit space that mesmerizes people. But oh yeah, I'm biased as a lighting designer :)NOPA gets bonus points for having an entire section of drinks dedicated to "The Wu". My husband, a huge Wutang Clan fan, was the first to notice and already believed it was going to be a great night!For apps, we got the rabbit stuffed pasta and young kale salad with Parmesan. SO good! Whoever said you eat with your eyes first was spot on. Really pretty presentation and equally masterful balance of flavors. The rabbit stuffed pasta was just melt in your mouth goodness. For entrees, we got the cod, duck, roast chicken, porkchop, and shared the brussel sprouts. Everything was just so delicious! Every bite brought on yet another burst of flavor. Seems like every dish had an excellent balance of flavors and textures.For dessert, we all shared the cheesecake with candied nuts and wine marinated fig. Another grand slam dish. The cheesecake was perfectly salty and sweet...and soft! The nuts and fig just elevated the dessert that much more.Words cannot explain how good these dishes were. Just dynamite! And the wait staff was EXCELLENT! Very attentive and detailed in answering our questions. They were equal parts cool and professional :)Def recommending this place to everyone I know headed to SF!
In the tradition of small intimate and classy NYE affairs, this year we dressed up to the 9s, over ordered, then gorged at NOPA. We booked the restaurant about a week ahead of time and took a cab here after drinks at the W and avoided any attempts at trying to park the car.We arrived, and only waited a couple minutes before being seated at a small table downstairs. NOPA has beautiful high ceilings and modern decor, and I was completely stoked to find that they serve almost everything on Heath Ceramics.It was already 10pm when we were seated and our eyes were far bigger than our bellies. For starters we ordered the fresh oysters, poached farm egg, blood orange salad and flatbread. The apps were mostly awesome, but the blood orange salad lacked a little something, not sure what. Then for mains we had:- The country pork chop was super noms. It was more than an inch thick and so juicy and well rested with the faintest pink color. If i hadn't been so full from the apps... ah for poor planning on my part. My date ending up demolishing it. - We also ordered the house made pappardelle, which was just ok, the pasta was fantastic, but the flavoring also just was missing something.- Then we ordered even more! The hamburger and the braised short ribs. Both were super tasty but I could only get a bite of each before feeling ridiculously full. Nevertheless, others (being bottomless pits -___-") were able to finish everything. Then at midnight... we toasted. Definitely not the same the sweet smooches from last year, but always happy to ring in the new year with good company. Post toast... the waitress did eventually show up with champagne. Service was a bit spotty due to NYE, but all other times I've been here they've been really good and attentive.
I used to come to Nopa every time I was in town from LA and now I live here i'm a regular diner.The cooking is simple, yet consistent. The food is so well sourced that it doesn't require fancy preparation. The best thing about the restaurant is the staff. I have worked in restaurants myself and for a place that serves this late and is always so crowded, the service I have received has always been as consistent as the food. You rule, Nopa peeps!
I was lucky to nab a last minute reservation. I was really excited to try this place. I had the chicory salad, bland and extremely bitter. The pappardelle, was missing something, there was nothing special about it. I've had better elsewhere. The food was mediocre at best. I was really disappointed! Don't understand the hype about this place at all.
This place is too darn infamous amongst the foodie scene not to have been visited by me, so I figured I'd give NOPA a shot. Inconveniently located at Hayes & Divisadero, While this place isn't an easy location to get to if you're not already in the Haight, the spicy sausage more than made up for it.I was a little dismayed that the menu changed daily and what I wanted most of all wasn't available, but switching over to the spicy sausage pappardelle was a great idea. While chatting up the other patrons at the bar, I was urged to try the pork chop next time, which is supposedly out of this world. The bartenders were friendly, concocting some oddball milk concoctions, but I was satisfied just find with my whiskey dram and orange. (Speaking of, if you love orange, you'll be breathing deep for every second you're in here.) I'm glad I made the trip, though I'll be calling ahead next time to make sure what I really want is there!
Loud. Difficult to get reservations. Difficult to park. And worth it.Greeted and seated immediately for our 9pm reservation, but this place was still hopping when we left a couple hours later on a Wednesday night.The cocktail list - including a section of mezcal-based cocktails - is both creative and innovative. The server made sure I actually *liked* mezcal before accepting my order, and the cocktail which arrived was well-flavored, though mild on the smoke.Amuse of two crostini and a dab of date yogurt arrived with a small bowl of Maldon salt. Somewhat boring, but a nice gesture.The flatbread - essentially a small, thin pizza - arrived quickly. Well-balanced flavor, and rather filling for just two as an appetizer, especially with pickled onion and arugula on top.The burger - you could order it medium rare, and medium rare it came ( more like tartare, which was excellent ). They also offer add-ons of different kinds of cheese or bacon, which we declined. Though light on other condiments and somewhat overly salty, the flavor of the meat shone through - one of the best burgers in the city if you're into the meat. It also came with a huge side of fries - medium cut, crisp on the outside and tender inside.The porkchop was similarly huge, a thick cut with the bone on. Cooked medium-rare ( very pink in the center, with raw meat texture ). Again, slightly more salty than I would like, but excellent flavor and texture, including quite a lot of smoke notes.Side of grilled broccoli with anchovy and bread crumbs. Lovely, though slightly less fishy than I was expecting. Dark grill marks on the broccoli and again a nicely smoked flavor.They were happy to sell us a single small scoop of ice cream off menu with our dessert of sopaipillas - basically beignets. The burnt orange caramel was somewhat less orangey than I had expected, but the little puffs of dough were the perfect texture, and the bowl they were served in was still hot by the time we finished dessert.Excellent food, good service. Aside from the popularity, noise and parking issues, it's a winner.
We all really loved this place. We ordered the grass fed burger and the bun they use is so good. I ordered the pasta and the meat sauce was amazing! The only thing we didn't like was the warm goat cheese. We will definitely be back!
Our party of four was pleasantly surprised to get a table walking in at 7 pm on a Saturday night. The food was phenomenal! We had these for appetizers:-roasted chanterelle mushrooms -avocado, cucumber, golden beets and salmon roe salad-heirloom tomatoes and watercress salad with mozzarellaFor mains:-pork chop (so juicy!)-pappardelle with bolognese, arugula, basil and Parmesan-Moroccan vegetable tangineFor dessert:-butterscotch pudding (you HAVE TO get this when they have it on the menu)-beignets with salted caramel dip-dark chocolate pieI forget the name of our server--he is French and extremely nice--but he made the awesome suggestion of using bourbon on the blue bottle espresso cocktail instead of vodka. Thank you, sir, that was a great finale to a delicious dinner.We're already planning to go back next week!
Great food, nice atmosphere, perfect place for brunch. It normally takes a few weeks to get a reservation, but worth it.
What can I say about NOPA that hasn't already been said here. I went here with my girlfriend after wanting to try it for a long time. We made reservations almost a month in advance because the tables that they offer on opentable get booked up really fast.The food, service, and atmosphere were nothing short of amazing. The menu changes frequently based on available ingredients. They have a full bar as well as a list of specialty cocktails, including a subsection of the list focused on all California-sourced ingredients. We ordered a flatbread to start, and then the burger and a pork chop.While the burger and pork chop were both delicious and cooked perfectly, the surprise star of the meal was the flatbread. It had arugula, bleu cheese, bacon, and grapes on it, and I was raving about it long after the meal.Service was great. Our server was very friendly and helpful, and they had nice touches like bringing a sliced fresh nectarine with a light rock salt as a palate cleanser between courses.NOPA was a wonderful dining experience and we will definitely be coming back here again.
I love you NOPA, I can't get you off my mind. I was introduced to NOPA by a new friend and fellow food lover, I loved the food so much it took me awhile to put my thoughts into this review. When I arrived at the restaurant, I had a bubbly cocktail with some sort of jalapeo liquor. It was original and quite tasty, I'm not sure what it was called but very good if you like spicy. To start we split a tomato salad, which was refreshing and tasty. I loved the simplicity of the salad and fresh taste. My main course was the Pan Roasted Blackened Cod, which was cooked to perfection, flakey and soft. I took a picture on my phone and find myself looking at it occasionally *and drools*. For dessert, the crme brulee was delightful. I paired this with a White Manhattan, because that's how I like it. The food was amazing and service was awesome. I truly enjoyed myself and can't wait to go back for more. I'm told they change their menu often, so I can't wait to see what else they have in store.
Stop by in the morning at 10:30am, put your name down, and you receive a text message when your table is ready. I was given an hour and a half estimated wait time, which was better than I expected. Once you receive the text, you have about 10 minutes to respond/arrive at the restaurant.I arrived at 12:15pm and ordered the scrambled egg with avocado toast. OMG. Delicious. The scrambled egg was perfect and still runny, but not too cheesy, and so delightful. The little bit of salad was perfect to eat alongside the scrambled egg. The perfect bite: a trifecta of a slice of the bread with avocado spread, a little bit of the salad, and a little bit of the scrambled egg. Trust me, try it and you won't be disappointed.Have to come again! This is a place I definitely have to take my friends to for brunch when they come visit the city.
I love this place!First thing, you have to get a reservation exactly one month before you want to go! That is the farthest ahead they will let you make it and everything fills up super quick from there on.I think the wait is like an hour usually if you don't want to reserve a table. And they do have a bar you can eat/drink at.We've had Halibut, in some kind of butter sauce and it was very very good. Also the roasted chicken was amazing.
A last-minute brunch reservation for 11 a.m. for four was secured, and we were off.The space inside is great - really warm, nice exposed wood. The bar area is separated from the dining room, so despite a full bar, it wasn't too noisy.Service was pleasant, although it did take forever for our food to arrive. And I'm not an impatient person.We started with a brioche and goat-cheese bread pudding. Both were great. I especially liked the bread pudding, but my girlfriend thought it was too rich. I guess I'm the fat one in the relationship.I had the farm eggs with bacon as my main - it was okay, but not inspiring. I was left feeling like it lacked something. And for the amount I spent on brunch, I was disappointed. Next time I should follow my gut and try the whiskey-braised pork. A group next to us got the burgers, which looked amazing.
The first my friend and I went was on a Saturday late morning around 10:30 or 11am or so and we were told that we had to wait for 45 minutes and since we already came that far, we figured we might as well but it turned out to be a 25 minute wait instead. When we got inside, we share the booth style table with other strangers. We looked up and there was an upstairs which was empty. WTH? I don't know why they couldn't just let people eat there. I got the 7X7 recommendation of the custard french toast and my friend got the Housemade Granola and Grass Fed burger. I totally LOVE my french toast! It came with butter and boy did I spread it all over along with the syrup. The edges were crispy and the middle was soft, it was done right. I got two because I'm a pig and it was fulfilling. I tried my friend's food and the granola was good, you can tell they use fresh ingredients but I didn't care that much for it. The burger on the other hand, was one of the best burgers I had in the city. I wish she got cheese and bacon with it! OMG that would have be heaven! It was medium rare and when I took a bit into it, it was so soft and tender and the juice just flows right now. I squeeze the burger and I can see the moistness of the meat and juices that were coming out of it. I need to come back and try the dinner version which is supposedly much bigger! I am definitely coming back for second.
I love this restaurant, it's open late and that is when I like to eat.Amuse of a single perfect green bean, plate of flavor filled tomato, simple fish and a burger that was all about the meat, who really cares what else was on it.Great cocktails, good interesting wines and tap beers. Really couldn't ask for much of anything more.
Everything was fantastic, but I have to say: salted whipped cream on my butterscotch pudding was a DOWNER!!!!!!My server graciously let me choose another dessert- the Pot de Chocolate with a lavender creme. Lovely!
Great dinner. Spent our last meal in San Fran here. Sat at the community table because you need a reservation a month in advance since this place is very busy. The community table was wonderful and service was amazing. The food was fresh and delicious!
Nopa? Nope. First of all, it took forever to get a table...months. When we finally went, the food was just not that exciting. Some of what we had was yummy, but mostly it was boring. What I ordered (a fish) was not at all what I expected and was pretty unimpressive. The pot de creme was rather runny. The rest of what we had was just regular food I feel we could have made at home as opposed to spending $150 for dinner for two. I was surprised I was not more awed. I would like to say I would try it again and see if I catch them on a better night or I make better ordering decisions, but with the difficulty of getting a table I probably won't.
Food was very good.But the service, hmm. In general, people are kind, except of this one guy. There was a miscommunication getting a table after an hour and a half wait, and this waiter would behave really rude to us. We went to the restaurant and they told us that we'd have to wait for two hours. So we decided to kill time at a bar one block away. We got a phone call from Nopa that the table was ready and they could hold it for 10 minutes. I was hesitating for a bit because we were in the middle of drinking, but decided to walk back to Nopa since they expected the next table to be 45 minutes later. I left my two friends behind to pay the check and ran to the restaurant to preserve our table. When I got to Nopa they told me they accidentally gave the table to other group. I was very upset, because we had to leave the bar in a hurry and we'd have to kill 45 minutes there. But they tried hard to get a table for us, and I appreciate that. People can make mistakes.But I was extremely angry because of this one guy (waiter) 's behavior. At first, his attitude was not apologetic at all. He has a very bitter look that is very inappropriate for a person in a service job. Finally, they got us a table pretty soon (which I think was really nice of them) and I followed the waiter to the table. He would ask where my friends are, and I told him they are on the way.Then, this guy would say :  "hah- so your friends are not even here yet. Then we don't have to feel bad about it at all! You ladies- enjoy your time!!!" I cannot even explain how sarcastic and rude the tone of his voice was. I felt really awful that it gave me really bad impression about the whole restaurant. Again, I really enjoyed the food and I think people in general are kind. But I think this guy has serious issues with his job.HE SHOULD NEVER BEHAVE LIKE THAT TO HIS CUSTOMERS.I wish I remembered his name. He was one of the people who seem to be managers (?) (on grey shirt)
Porkchops?...burger....porkchops?...burger...I had to go w/my gut instinct, and although my gut resembles more pork than burger, I'd have to say that for this nite, I made the right decision. I went for the burgs. I prayed to the food gods that when I said cooked "medium" it would arrive in medium form. And it did. (looks up and gives food gods a shout-out) Now before the Burger Bonanza took place, we did in fact start w/appetizers. We had the warm goat cheese, apples & Crostini, (yum- Crostini majorly buttered up, very crisp, a bit oily- but I'm a fatty like that so no worries) and the flat bread w/olive tapenade (wow. The olive tapanade really stood out but was not overpowering). For the main course, my date chose the Moroccan Tangine - a veggie stew. I thought Oh no.... no meat?!? But after trying a spoonful, it was actually very flavorful. Huge cauliflowers. Tons of spices, reminded me somewhat of a chili. Now back to Burger Bonanza. I haven't had a burger like this in forevs. Patty was huge. Lock-jaw huge. Cooked perfectly medium, had that sumptuous, barbecued grilled, drip-juicy flavor. I chose gruyere for my cheese, and the pickled onions were to die for. In fact the date and I wanted to order just a side of them to nibble on. Fries were ok, nothing gourmet about em, but did it's "side" job. I had a Porterhouse Oyster Stout w/my burger, and it was a perfect match. Overall the burger is definitely worthy of it's continued mention.For dessert we chose the Chocolate souffle w/lavender cream. The chocolate was SERIOUS. For a teeny cake, it packed a richness so deep that I'm sure a root canal was born that nite. Will I return to Nopa? Possibly. Ambiance is great, the architectural set-up is awesome, service is so-so, parking sucks.  Oh but 1 more thing! The restrooms. They have a total of 3: Women/Men/Unisex. Just rooms w/toilets, as communal sinks await u just outside of them. As I was washing my hands, a guy comes out of the bathroom. The sink next to mine was vacant. He proceeded to place his hands intertwined w/mine, under the water- and says "Do u mind?" Ummmm.....how bout yes? "Actually, I do." He then removes his hands, brings em over to the vacant sink and says "I was just trying to save water." and winks at me. Wow really. YOU JUST TOUCHED YOUR STUFF and cootied my hands. I wanna cry, you're so gross. Anyway, great burger!
I wrote a song for you Pork Chops!----------------------------------------------------------------Pork Chops-Pork Chops...tiki tiki pork chops...Jump in my mouth...tiki tiki pork chops...Pork Chops-Pork Chops...tiki tiki pork chops...Medium rare is da Only way I wantchaPork Chops-Pork Chops...tiki tiki pork chops...Let's dance together...tiki tiki pork chops...Into my mouth again...tiki tiki pork chops...I would only Do this for you...tiki tiki pork chops...Serenade you up and down...tiki tiki pork chops...Because you're surely the best in town...tiki tiki pork chops...----------------------------------------------------------------Oh and the hottie bartender was super sweet!Our waiter also charming! The host even more accomodating to a group of 4 friends reuniting.He gave us a complimentary scone for the wait we had endured But he doesn't know we would've waited a lot longerto get our hands onto those pork choppersfor sure!
The french toast was heavenly. The texture could be better compared to bread pudding: creamy, warm, melt-in-your-mouth. MmmThe grass-fed burgers probably have hundreds of raving reviews, and I have nothing special to add except that they're equally great if you're so full that you decide to leave off the bun. The service is terrific for such a busy place. We made brunch reservations for 1:00pm, but we got hungry by 12:15 so we decided to go early. They sat us promptly at the bar (we didn't mind), and we got the full brunch menu.
We had a lot of stuff. All of the food, all of the courses, were DELICIOUS! I was stuffed, but I didn't feel awful. The waitress was awesome - crazy knowledgeable about the politics of foi. The place was bustling at like 11:30 pm on a Wednesday. The shortribs and pecan tart were highlights... but truly it was all good. Met and exceeded the hype.Note: We had a 9 pm reservation for mom's bday. We showed up at 8. They called us while we were at Candybar at 8:30 to tell us table was available. We arrived at 8:40 and basically waiting til 9 for the table. Small foul.
Great meal. Pork chop wow factor. Good greens and nice staff. People waiting all night. Means it's good recommend highly.
This place is so popular! I was lucky enough to have a friend get me in here last minute because each time I visit the city I have wanted to try it and they were always booked. Let me start by saying we had awesome service! The food, well,I was not so impressed. I'm not sure what all the hype is about. It was good, but not amazing or anything I would crave. There are so many top notch restaurants in SF that for me this just doesn't cut the mustard. I had the much raved about pork chop. It was cooked to perfection, however it lacked flavor and was way to fatty for my taste. I also had a specialty Lychee cocktail which was not my favorite either, too sweet and off flavored.I tried my friends Burger and WOW I wish I had ordered that instead. Oh and my other friends rotisserie chicken was pretty decent too. I will say the chicken liver appetizer was pretty good.We also tried the flatbread of the day which sounded really good it had pork belly, red onion and chard, it was a ok.
I don't yelp often, and when I do it's because I want to make sure the public knows. Went to brunch yesterday and was very excited. NOPA never fails in the food department. BUT the reason I'm writing this is that they didn't fail to do right as well. We were seated upstairs near the staircase where the waiters had to walk up and down the stairs to bring up drinks. One of them tripped at the top of the stairs and an alcoholic beverage soaked my girlfriend's jacket. I think he was mortified and the first thing he did was to clean up the glass and soak up the mess on the floor and promptly ran away. My girlfriend started getting upset because there was no apology from the waiter.Minutes later, after complaining amongst ourselves, the manager (or whom I assumed was the manager) came up and introduced herself and offered to make it right however we wanted (i.e. drying cleaning, etc.). My girlfriend asked for a round of cocktails and voila! apology accepted. Thank you NOPA. Brunch wise, I had the french toast, which you can order either a slice or two slices, was delicious. Soft and custard-y on the inside, slightly crisp on the outside. I ate that with an apperrol gin cocktail named Sunshine fix which was thoroughly refreshing.
Yet another great neighborhood joint, Nopa provides just the right balance of comfort and style by serving delicious food that is supported by an attentive staff and extremely knowledgeable mixologists.Because of its great location and late hours, you will usually find me here on a Thursday night after one of the California Academy of Sciences' Nightlife events or after a gig at the Independent, and be assured, it will be packed even at this late hour.The warm and inviting atmosphere attracts patrons of all shapes and sizes, from people arriving from a black tie affair to local regulars in their pajamas grabbing a quick bite to eat before going back to bed. If you have a passion for people watching, you're in the right place.For those of you with a craving for brunch but not willing to stand in line for Brenda's, Lime, Mama's, Red Door, etc., the unique weekend brunch menu offered here does quite well. Hungover from partying a little too hard the previous night? Treat yourself to a nice and refreshing orange or grapefruit cocktail. Also, you can never go wrong with Blue Bottle coffee. Some of my favorite items on this menu are the oven baked farm egg, goat cheese bread pudding, and grilled bratwurst.Everything on the dinner menu that I've tried has been fantastic, but there are a few automatic go-to's if I'm feeling too tired to think, such as the pan roasted trout, pork chop, and grass fed hamburger.More and more restaurants have been subcribing to the belief of responsible cooking such as sustainable food practices. Nopa is no different. To quote Marie Logan, co-president of the Salmon Aid Foundation:"For Nopa, I feel strongly that it is not enough for us to be content simply asserting that we know our food sources. More importantly, we must cultivate a genuine understanding of the food sources for ourselves and our diners. This includes information about the producers, handlers, and the political, environmental and social factors that affect our access to these foods."I absolutely love the idea of having at least a slight awareness of where the food I'm consuming comes from and Nopa's website provides a library of information of all of their purveyors and local farms from which they receive their ingredients.My favorite table in the entire house would have to be the one located at the top of the stairs against the rail where you have a bird's eye view of the entire kitchen. I could literally sit there for hours watching the chefs at work.I have always been quick to recommend this eatery to my friends and family and will likely continue to do so for hopefully many years to go.
Best food in SF - still - after all these years. 6 month booking required. But service...man was it slow. 2 hours to eat for a 8:00 PM reservation.
The food is mediocre to good, the prices are san francisco, been there several times but this was the first time i was there sober...i had a taste of the lamb (it was dry), the pork chop was the only good entre (served medium rare so how can you go wrong?), the rabbit was a watery mustard soup mess.I'm not one to complain about service. I think if an institution serves good food/drinks they will be in high demand and if their food is whatever, then they have to be about the hype. NOPA = hype. If you're trying to impress a date, take her to Nopa, no one's gonna eat anything anyway, just bring your own wine. If you're going out for a nice meal, don't fool yourself.
Do it! But before you do it, either a. make a reservation or b. be ready to go Green Beret on the Community Table. We opted for a military operation to secure stools at the shared tableau, and while it wasn't perfect (we ended up with two stools for three people for the first half of our meal), it was worth rotating stools to experience this food. Even the cocktails were notable with ingredients that you don't necessarily experience everyday (at least not in Vegas). Exhibit 1: Argmagnac. I personally had two Lowland Drams, which did not include argmagnac, but did feature an allspice dram. I approve.As for the food, we chowed down on several of the starters, and I think that was a happy accident, as you get to experience more of the well executed combinations. We had roasted squash, wood baked butter beans (any place with butter beans is almost certainly four stars with me), a flat bread and brussels sprouts. I would order them all again. Each dish featured well paired, fresh ingredients executed beautifully. When we finally secured our third stool, we decided the three of us could share two entrees. We opted for the pork chop and the burger. Honestly, even though the pork chop was super moist and robust, the $13 hamburger stole the show. We ordered it with gruyere and bacon, medium rare, and it was quite possibly the perfect hamburger. The meat was juicy and had the power to make you relive all of the best moments of every backyard BBQ you've ever had with one bite. To top it all off, service was super chill and accommodating of our three ring circus. I would go back in a heartbeat.
This place is definitely delicious, but the wait for the food was absurd. I was with friends who regularly eat here and said that usually doesn't happen, so I decided that shouldn't affect my review. The amuse bouche was an avocado dip on little crostinis which was the perfect start to the meal. We also got the fried asparagus with chile aoili to start which was super good. We each got a cocktail (or two), the Sunshine Fix was the best. I had to try the burger (with gruyere) and got to taste my friend's fettucine with tasso ham and some other really good things. The food was great, the ambiance was nice, and I would for sure go back to try more.
We came to NOPA for a friends bday. With a reservation we still waited about 30 minutes. They sat us upstairs and it felt crowded for a party of 8. We had drinks at the bar while waiting. With a large party you get the chance to try a lot out. Drinks were tasty. Dinner was underwhelming. I ordered the roast chicken. It was good. Not fantastic and super juicy as expected. The potatoes were very tasty. My husband ordered the pork chop... It was a little fatty but tastes like 4 stars. The warm olives.... Delicious. Tomato soup.... Good. The deserts were pretty tasty. The rest of our party enjoyed most of their meals but they were not overly thrilled. It was later in the evening so maybe it would be better earlier in the evening.Three stars because of the wait, seating and the food was a ok. If u hate finding parking, this is not ur place.
My favorite late night spot, NOPA consistently has great food. I love their horseradish sauce, and the rotisserie chicken is delicious. The staff is incredibly friendly. They seem to have really attractive male servers and really awkward female servers - you know, like peacocks personified.
Fabulous for groups or smaller parties, with a lively atmosphere and full of people having a good time. Great wine menu with friendly & down-to-earth recommendations if you ask. The country pork chop was AMAZING, as was the large baked bean appetizer. Would be great for drinks & small plates before a night out or as the main event of the evening. Attentive and cool service. All around a great time! Definitely call about a reservation, though, duh!
MUST ORDER PORK CHOPS: the most tender, juicy, thick pork chops i had in my life. and i'm not even a huge fan of pork chops usually. portions are pretty big too, which is always a plus. also really liked the side of corn with basil butter and lime. The bolognese pappardelle was okay, though nothing exceptional. melon ginger salad and the nectarine crumble were so-so.
I rarely give out five stars but I will make the exception for Nopa. Nopa is one of my favorite New American restaurants in SF and I love it! The ambiance is lively and memorable - you get the feeling that everyone is having a great time as soon as you walk in. My favorite evening dish is their pork chops - it's cooked to perfection and it's one of the BEST I've had so far! I've had several dinners at Nopa and they are able to provide quality food that's cooked with excellent consistency every time. Not only do I enjoy coming to Nopa for dinner, I love their brunch menu too! I want to try their French Toast next. If you've never come to Nopa before, you must bring a friend or date and request for the seats at the back of the restaurant where you can see the chefs at work. You have a greater appreciation for dinning when you see the cooking in action! I can't forget to mention how amazing our drinks were! Our bartender was awesome!! :) Finally, I always want to come back to Nopa because their staff is exceptionally attentive and friendly.
It's my first time here and I felt a little disappointed. Too greasy and oily because I saw oil is floating everywhere. We came here on a Saturday late night. Reservationist was kind enough to arrange a reservation for 6 of us. Arrived, and seated at the table right above the kitchen at the second floor. It's fun seeing every single move people are doing in the kitchen. BUT... After the dinner, you will smell like a kitchen too! I was amazed by how smelly I can be after 2 hours dinner. Food wise, tasty but not perfect. Rotisserie chicken: amazing flavor, juicy chicken thighs, not dry at all. The side alone with is the disappointment. I see super dark brown crouton with super greasy kale chips. How can kale chips be so oily??? I don't get it. Grill Broccoli with anchovy was too oily too. Literally, broccoli was swimming inside oil. Amazing flavor, super tasty. But I wish kitchen staff can utilize strainer nicely. Drain off all the oil first before plating, please. I see pictures on yelp, their broccoli was perfectly fine without oil. Why I was the unlucky one. I will give it a try next time.
NOPA was the one place that landed on the "must" list on my recent trip to SF. Luckily, we'd managed to score a reservation with only a few day's notice, so we were all set.A round of espresso martinis got things off on the right foot. Food-wise, we opted to share a bunch of dishes so we could all experience as much as possible. We opted for a little mix of everything - from some crispy fried fish, to flatbread, to some fresh tagliatelle, to a pork chop special. By the time the last round of dishes arrived at our table, we were stuffed to the gills.I wish I could be more descriptive about my awesome NOPA experience, but my memory was hazy due to the strength of those delectable espresso martinis (and the cocktails we'd enjoyed earlier that day). No doubt about it - a 5-star experience! I only hope to make it back to NOPA on a future trip to SF!
Absolutely Fantastic!! The service and food was impeccable with an atmosphere that was vibrant and energetic, a great place to start your morning off.  Our seats were right next to the kitchen, so we got to see the entire open kitchen and watch all amazing dishes come out.  The staff service was so friendly and kind, they always made sure we had exactly what we wanted.  Since we came here for brunch we started off with the cream biscuit alongside the pumpkin butter.  The biscuits were super delicious, moist and creamy, and the pumpkin butter supplemented the dish perfectly.  I had the butter basted farm eggs with the roasted squash, brussels sprouts and crispy polenta.  Everything was just perfect.  The benefit of sitting next to the kitchen was being able to get feedback from the chefs, which provides for a fun interactive experience.  Also due to a mix-up which turned out to be more food for us, I also got to try out the oven baked farm egg which was also fabulous.  It's definitely a place I'd come back to again for the experience and great food.
Fantastic brunch, we shared French toast poached egg with ham and goat cheese pudding bread all great choices.
Parking is difficult to find around here.. but where in SF is parking easy to find. All i have to say is THE. BEST. PORK CHOPS. EVER.(and I don't even like pork chops)
Great service, good food! It's open late, but if you don't have a reservation it's hard to get in.
NOPA is awesome and great any time of the day. I spontaneously decided to eat here one Sunday afternoon for late brunch and got a table immediately for 4 upstairs. It's much quieter upstairs and you can see everything thats going on downstairs. If you are alone or with company, instead of being on your phone, you can watch the bar, people eating, and the kitchen from the balcony. Sorry NOPA, I might already know how you make that great french toast because I was taking notes in my little corner upstairs. I've heard its very hard to get a reservation here, so I guess we were lucky. The restaurant is spacious, 2 floors, and has an extensive selection of drinks. It would be cool if they had music, didn't hear any from the balcony. Everyone here for some reason is very good looking, maybe thats just the young and happening NOPA feel to it.I definitely suggest you go for the grassfed burger with goat cheese or gruyere, don't ask for ketchup! The meat is cooked so perfectly, you don't need to add ketchup or mustard. You will be mind blown with that heavenly burger. If yo go for brunch, try the rainbow trout bagel and the French toast as well. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu. The menu is small, but everything is excellent. I really enjoyed the food and the attentive customer service, definitely coming back before you know it.
5 Stars all the WAY!!!!!!*****BRUNCH REVIEW*****Make a reservation. You will not be disappointed. First time here, went to the bar while we waited for our table. We did not have a reservation and were lucky that someone cancelled. Yummy mimosas.ORDER THE FRENCH TOAST. They are filled with custard and are just to DIE for. We also tried the baked egg w/ tomato sauce which came with toasted bread. I am a yolk freak and enjoyed covering my bread with the tomato sauce and runny yellow goodness. I returned again 2 weeks later and was a hot hung over mess. Here is why this place is 5 star worthy:I was running late looking for parking. NOPA called ME to see if I was still coming and was doing OK. Ummmm...wow. Aren't I the one responsible for calling and letting them know I was late? I left a box of to-go food since I was unable to eat in my painful state, and again, they call my cell and tell me that I left my food behind. Where in the world do you get service like this short of the Ritz? Food is fantastic, service is world class and I cannot wait to come back again, on time and NOT hung over!
All you need to know when you go to Nopa:Pork chop, burger and the flat bread!They were all fantastic! The pork chop was soft, juicy and flavorful. The burger is the best I've had in the city. The flat bread was just awesome.The only let down were the cocktails. We had the Old Cuba (similar to a mojito) and the Blue Bottle Martini. After hearing so much about their cocktails, they were just average. No muddled fruit drinks here.We scored seats upstairs overlooking the kitchen. Best seats in the house, IMO. Service was nice. Desserts were not bad but did not impress.I like the way they brought the salt to the table. They brought us an amuse, a slice of nectarine with yogurt and chives with a small dish of maldon salt and told us to sprinkle a touch of salt over the peach. When they came to collect the dish, they set aside the salt and that became our table salt.I will be back!
I was so excited to try this place out. I had heard good things on yelp and foodie articles alike, and been told it was impossible to get reservations except maybe a month or so in advance. my sisters employer knows the owner so my family and i got reservations for saturday night.We started off with olives, bread, the fennel sausauge flat bread which was amazzzing and a couple amazing salads. The avocado salad was my favorite. I ordered the burger because I had read such good things about it. So freaking delicious. One of the best I have ever had. Perfectly cooked and left unpressed so it was juicy and flavorful. Nothing fancy just some gruyere cheese and a delicious bun. I also tried the short ribs which were amazing (note: I ordered my burger medium-rare).My cocktail the "killa bee" was okay, I liked it cus it wasn't too sweet. Lastly we got the soapatillas for dessert and they were delicious, although I didn't really like the orange glaze. The only reason I am not giving 5 stars is because I was very unhappy with our waiter. He wasnt very friendly and was very unapproachable. He made me feel stupid asking a simple question such as where the closest bar with a TV was to catch the end of the warriors/lakers game was... Also, he (or I guess the computer system) messed up our bill and did not take off the correct amount that our gift certificate covered. He also took away my sisters plate which was 3/4 full and barely touched without asking if she would like a box or even if she was finished. She was very upset because she figured he was going to box it up. When we asked about it he said he would "go check" and then said it mustve been some sort of miscommunication. instead of apologizing and offering another plate for us to take home. Maybe I just have high standards for customer service because Ive been serving and working in restaurants for many years, but i usually am more lenient because of that.
Our experience for cocktails and dinner was phenomenal. We began with cocktails. I got the Summit, which was very refreshing and not too sweet. My girlfriend got a custom order: a cocktail with vodka, strawberry liquour, champagne, mint, and lemon. It was one of the best cocktails I've ever tested.For appetizers, we had the calamari, white baked beans, and cucumber salad. All were great, but the baked beans were out of this world. We are gluten-free, so this dish was extra special for us since it was equivalent to an amazing pasta dish.For dinner, we shared the burger (no bun, with both gruyere and cheddar cheese) and the chicken. You can't go wrong with any of the entres. Best burger I have ever had.
NOPA, NOPA, NOPA..."NOpa, I definitely would not come here without a reservation. An hour and a half wait for two ppl? Crazy! Ha, I'd end up eating at Jay's Cheesesteaks across the street... and then Popeyes for dessert. Good thing we got ours!""I LOVE the high ceilings, BIG windows, open kitchen, wood oven, stretch bar, communal table, and the eye candy.""ooo free app!! GOTTA LOVE IT!! Jonathan apple with almond butter and sea salt. Ahhh what a TEASE. I want more, like 20 more.""mmm.. ALBACORE! Is it cooked? No, it's poached in olive oil, has a kick to it. Refreshing and light with the avocado and radish.""Man, I never had BROCCOLI this good before. If my mama made broccoli, slightly blanched, grilled, with little breadcrumb cracklins sprinkled on top, I'd be the healthiest kid on the block. Special ingredient: anchovy. Good enough to even fool Michelangelo.""oh yea, that FLATBREAD was featured on food network. It is one of the BEST THINGS I EVER ATE!!" I could eat this ALL DAY! I just wish there was more chorizo though. It's too effin good.""I never had RABBIT before, and now i got bugs bunny in my PAPPERDELLE. Oooo, he's not gamy at all and he's great drowned in sauce. He's sexy kinda.""Speaking of eye candy, check out the whole table next to us super eye fcking your PORCHETTA. ALL OF EM want YOU. I mean, your pig. The fig, slightly crispy on the outside, crispy crispy chicharrones (you hear the crunch on that bad boy?), perfectly cooked pinkish porky the pig wrapped in its own pork belly. This isn't the pork chop but its damn near close.""I would've ordered the burger, its BOMB, but I just had a burger yesterday... next time, for sure.""omg I'm so effing stuffed, like preggo!! In a good way, of course.""Dessert??""ALWAYS.""Trio of sorbet: ginger, apple, pear. Tastes just as it sounds. w/cocoa nib shortbread.""Mexican coffee ice cream sandwich. w/almond milk. Perfect with milk. Put me right to sleep.""Can't wait to come back for brunch.""Gotta say, this is one of my FAVORITE restaurants in the city!!"thanks bff. =)
fiiiiiiiiiinally i've been able to say i've eaten a proper meal at Nopa. it's been on my list forever so fortunately this past weekend i got to go for brunch. i'm not a big fan of scones but something told me that i should order it and i'm glad i did. it came to the table full of dates or something of the like which would normally turn me off, but somehow i still knew it'd be good. it had a nice crisp and a fluffy center. the dates added a nice chew and texture and the peach cream that sat along side it was a great compliment. my inside fat kid kinda wanted to order one to go but figured it'd look greedy. the burger was mighty tasty and thickity thick. and the custard french toast was certainly custardy as advertised. i figure pretty much anything you order would be good.
Amazing food, service, and atmosphere.The items that stood out during our meal were:Expat cocktailLowland dram cocktail The special of the night which was a halibut ceviche appetizerWood baked butter beansRotisserie ChickenRainbow TroutSopaipillas dessertMeyer lemon curd tart Overall a great experience!
To be honest I am just not seeing what all the stars are about....The layout is beautiful as are the hosts and servers all artfully styled and dressed. We checked in on a Wednesday night as a party of 5 without a reservation and were quoted 30 minutes, an hour later we were seated. The service was slow and we did order a few appetizers but our entrees did not hit the table until an hour and 45 minutes after we were seated, no wonder the tables are slow to turn here. Three of my companions ordered burgers and were very pleased, I ordered the salmon with out bacon and got it with bacon. It happens and I was able to send it back once we flagged someone down. They were very apologetic and comped the meal as well as sent over dessert which was very nice of them. All in all the flavors were nice and the place is attractive but for the prices I expect a little more.
NOPA's one of those places I've wanted to try for a long time, and last night I finally went with two good friends of mine. We ordered the warm goat cheese and the flatbread as appetizers. There was nothing remarkable about the goat cheese, which is to say it was awesome. The flatbread, on the other hand, was underwhelming.I ordered the pork chop as an entree, one friend got a burger with cheddar and bacon, and the other had the pappardelle. I thought the pappardelle was the best of the three, with a great sauce and a nice balance of meat and veggies. The burger was cooked right, nice and juicy, and the pork chop was also nice and tender, but I found both of them to be way too salty. Even when eating my pork chop with the accompanying dates and/or brussels sprouts, the saltiness was overpowering. Maybe this was an anomaly, as my friends were raving about the pork chop. Or maybe I just don't like salt as much as most people. Either way, I wouldn't order it again.We didn't have dessert, so I can't comment there. I had a glass of touriga which was ok, I think my friends enjoyed their drinks (a cocktail and a glass of barbera). Service was good and the space is great. And they are open pretty late, which is a welcome rarity in SF.
NOPA is a great spot to enjoy a long, leisurely brunch with friends. The brunch menu consists of some unusual combinations and unique dishes that taste amazing! I tried the soft scrambled eggs with cabbage and fried beans. Who would have thought those ingredients would play nicely, but they do! The fried whole beans were crunchy and delicious. I also tried the sausage and poached eggs (I got this during my previous visit as well) which was very good. My only complaint is that the food is pretty salty. Overall NOPA is a great brunch experience with great food, cocktails and ambiance.
Mediocre food and slow service. We were sadly disappointed when we came here for our anniversary dinner. We ordered the flatbread, calamari, vegetable tangine, pork chop and a couple of cocktails. The food is decent, not bad by any means, but you're really only paying for a loud and trendy atmosphere more than anything else. The food is fancier in appearance than actual ingredients or taste. Maybe we just eat out a lot in the city, but I feel like the hipster tavern restaurant is overplayed and even outdated, and this restaurant is the proof of that.
Let's be honest: the main draw here is that they are open late at night and have good food *within that option set*. Besides that I feel like the place is a little overhyped and it is waaaaay too hard to book a table at any reasonable hour, even a week or more in advance. Tourists and amateur foodies: please get over yourselves and stop praising Nopa as the next French Laundry but more edgy (it's not). It's not--it feels more like the Slanted Door, where every tourist in America has caught on, and now the place is just undeservedly swamped.Note: I'm still giving it 4 stars because I respect good food and ambiance and plan to go back--if reservations ever become less of a pain!
The egg I got was too undercooked - I ordered a meal for brunch and left still feeling hungry.The coffee was great
This place is 'overhyped' for a reason, its freaking awesome.Great drinks, I was pretty buzzin by my second drink. We ordered a few apps, all of them were delicious. I really like the goat cheese dip. I ordered the pork chop, it was delicious and juicy and perfectly cooked. I also nibbled on someone else's burger and it was amazing. We also had 3 rounds of dessert. I really only remember the Argentinean style donuts, my fat ass had 3 of them. They were delicious. All in all a great meal.
We've been meaning to come here for a long time, and we FINALLY made it ! It says a lot that it's been open for quite awhile, and it's still tough to get a reservation. People were lined up out the door from the time we got there, until we left. Our server was incredibly knowledgeable about both the drinks,\ and food . I totally appreciated it, since i was unfamiliar with some of the components of their specialty cocktails. We decided to share the flatbread, and it was AMAZING! Light, cooked perfectly, and flavors worked really well together...I would totally go back just for that. I can understand why it was mentioned on "The Best Thing I Ever Ate." The entire menu changes with the seasons, and with what's available from the many local purveyors they work with. Since every time i order salmon at a restaurant I'm disappointed, (it's my husband's fault, his grilled salmon is craveworthy.) I decided to order the housemade pappardelle, with spicy fennel sausage. I adore pappardelle, and this was pretty good The sauce was very thin, totally fresh, and the portion was perfect. I abhor the heavy, massive piles of pasta that many restaurants serve. I noticed that there were many bussers and various staff that seemed be keeping a keen eye on the tables. Clearing, refilling water, taking drink orders, etc. Unfortunately, my husband's burger was very overcooked,and he sent it back. After he received the properly cooked one, someone even came back to make sure it was ok. His fries that came with it were great. We shared the johnny cake with roasted corn ice cream for dessert, I liked this alot more than my husband did, It was very similar to corn bread, (which i love, but rarely eat.) The drinks and flatbread would be more than enough reason to return. I also really liked sitting upstairs because it was great view of the dining room, (and all the food coming out.)
Due to the hype, we tried booking a reservation here and could only score a brunch one. Maybe I must have had an uber high expectation because I was quite disappointed with the dishes we ordered. The baked eggs were just OK, honesty couldn't remember the other 2 dishes we got (yep, not that memorable). It was a pleasant ambiance and fun to watch the kitchen from our table upstairs but food was just OK, especially compared to other brunch places in SF, e.g. Outerlands, Chow, Slow Club, Universal Cafe, even Coffee Bar was more memorable :).I might give NOPA another shot for dinner.
We reserved this place a month in advance and could still only get a table very late. The place was very crowded and trendy. We got greeted by a very friendly staff and service was very good all the way through. The biggest letdown was the food, which to me can described as nothing special.
I know I'm late to the Nopa party, but I'm glad I finally made it. Yes, Nopa is a one of a kind SF dining institution specializing wood-fired rustic cuisine. A Nopa meal, of course, is highlighted by the Country Pork Chop. No way would I pass that one up. The pork chop was lightly glazed and perfectly tender, served with grilled nectarines, olives, and mustard greens. It was lightly glazed and seared just right. This ain't the normal run-of-the-mill chop, no way. The flatbread with house smoked bacon was also very good, as were the olives. The wine list was equally impressive. I did a little research about Chef Jossel after my visit. With culinary training from La Folie, the Ritz-Carlton, Gary Danko, and Kokkari under his belt, I was not surprised with Nopa's superior quality. He carried the SF banner in the 2010 foodie battle against New York: legrandfooding.com/home.Rest assured I will get a prime ticket to the 2011 battle.
NOPA is by far one of my favorite restaurants in SF. I introduced NOPA to my boyfriend as well, and now it's one of HIS favorites too.So as my birthday rolls around, it's a no-brainer that I wanted my birthday dinner here. We came here last night and had the Endive with walnuts and dates, the roasted Brussel Sprouts with poached egg and ham, and the Pork Chop and Roasted Chicken for the main course. We shared the Earl Grey pot d' creme for dessert.Everything was divine and scrumptiously delicious. The pork chop is always perfection. In addition to the amazing food, the service is impeccable. While services at other great restaurants might be inconsistent, the service at NOPA is consistently welcoming and attentive. I have never had to wait long to get seated for my reservation. My water is always refilled. They check in on you if you want follow-up drinks as you work your way from the appetizer to the main course. The check is always ready for you when you're ready for it--not too early and not too late. It's very rare to find a restaurant here in SF that offers such awesome, consistent service.
I had brunch here with my boyfriend and we LOVE this place. I had the stuff french toast and a bloody mary, it was amazing. My only suggestion is to get there early. We had to wait an hour for a table. It was well worth it.
Loved it here! We split the flatbread with spicy sausage and arugula as an appetizer- the portion size was enormous, literally enough for a main course on its own. My boyfriend ordered the rotisserie chicken, which was incredible- the most amazing roasted crisp skin, basted with herbs on the inside. I had the pork chops, which were grilled with nectarines- a fantastic combination of sweet fruit vs. seasoned meat. For dessert, even though we were basically dying at this point, we ordered the sopapillas with caramel sauce. It was INCREDIBLE. literally just these giant warm hunks of sugar-dusted pastry with this rich, hot caramel goodness to sop it up with. I'm sort of hungry just thinking it over again. Would definitely recommend to anyone looking for their next date night spot- we had great seats on the balcony, right above the kitchen, and it was super fun to watch the chefs do their thing.
Wanted to try this place out because of all the raving reviews, so made a dinner reservation a month in advance to guarantee our preferred date and time. We tried the Wood Baked Butter Beans, the Pork Chops, the Pappardelle, and a side of the French Fries with Basil Aoli. All were pretty darn good. The beans come with feta, and I'm not a huge fan, but this appetizer was quite delectable. If you are debating between ordering or not ordering the French Fries because of the Basil Aoli, I'd pass - the fries are generic, not gourmet. However, I don't think any of those dishes were a "must order". Order what you think sounds good, and chances are it will be good. The service is spot on though, and the environment is very energetic. If you are looking for a little less chit-chatter, try getting a table upstairs.
NOPA is the sh... most amazing restaurant in the area!The food is in incredible.The price is moderate and reasonable especially for the quality of food.Noise is fine.The communal table is awesome for a group or few that want to pop in for a glass and a snack.I've been there on two occasions: first being with a group of 5 friends, afternoon on a weekend, and wanted a quick stop for some happy-tizers and wine. So fun. Good service.Second with my parents and boyfriend - walked in, we found a table almost immediately which is rare bc we didn't have a reservation, it was high traffic time of 730pm ish... and this is a popular spot. Four of us had a round or two of drinks, 2 appetizers, main meals, 2 desserts - $250 - not bad!!The only thing - it's not close to BART - but that's more my problem :)
Where you sit makes a huge difference in this establishment. Below is very loud and 2nd floor is perfect. You can watch activity and chefs in action- the hostess was the best! She changed our seats three times (I'm embarrassed to say) and got us a cab within 3 seconds. Never seen anything like it! Roasted chicken was to die for and my husband loved the hamburger.
First: The food and drink quality is excellent, well worth the bill. I've had great meals here, you just need to plan a month in advance.BUT: Just about everything else makes NOPA a frustrating experience.- Reservations are required, you need to make them at least 2 weeks in advance- Brunch/Dinner wait times are often greater than 1.5 hours- Coffee service and waitstaff attention are minimal during peak hours- Staff is rarely accommodating (probably because they are so busy)I've lived around the corner for ~3 years, and it's the only place that makes me feel like an unappreciated tourist in my own neighborhood. A bit of NIMBY-ism? Sure, i'll admit to it.
The rustic California menu focuses on fresh, organic ingredients and minimal fuss. Nopa has an industrial-chic quality about its atmosphere, and seems to be a favorite among thirty somethings. I have never passed by without seeing this place consistently packed until its 1AM closing.The menu of seaonal and rustic Cal-Mediterranean cuisine remains nicely affordable, from starters like the slightly tart Early Girl tomato soup, and cucumber salad with pickled beets, arugula and feta. To the mouth watering grilled pork chop with figs, succotash and basil butter. Friendly service, the interesting wine list, and the well stocked bar make this place a perfect home run. And it is a straight shot from my apartment !
Hands down the best dining experience I have ever had. For serious.Amazing, knowledgeable, super friendly staff.Delicious, incredibly fresh food.Beautiful display and general atmosphere.I went to Nopa for the first time on a trip to San Francisco with my fiance and two of our friends in mid August. We didn't have a reservation, and were lucky enough to get there right when they opened and grab two seats at the bar after putting our names down for a table. We ended up hanging out at the bar ordering drinks and appetizers for about an hour and a half. Sounds like a long time, but the bartenders were great, and we got to see all the food prep happening in the open kitchen next to us, so the time flew by. Then, we got our table perched on the the upper level. Our server was great - very friendly and on top of her game! All the food we had from start to finish was fantastic!We wanted to come back every night but somehow stopped ourselves since we were visiting a town with such great restaurants. Nopa will always be a destination for us anytime we return to SF. GO THERE RIGHT NOW!
As many times as I've been to SF, I'd never been to AT&T Park or Nopa until this past weekend...and what a way to do it, with Giants vs. Dodgers Metallica Night followed by post-game late-night munchies.I loved the finely crafted cocktails, delicious flatbread, an amazing grilled broccoli, and fresh, delicate salads. I really don't think you can go wrong with anything on the menu. Can't wait to come back here on an empty stomach and check out what the pork chop is all about.
I love this place. Yes, it is really crowded - and, if you go any night of the week and any day of the year, you will have to wait . . . and wait; but - this place is so quintessential San Francisco and west coast fare - that you don't want to pass-up a meal at NOPA.The pork chop is the best I have ever had - period! My good friend and I (he is the most educated foodie I have ever met) have made it our life mission to eat of the swine wherever we dine. The pork chop at NOPA is something you will dream about for post-prandiol night after post-prandiol night. I really like the bar. It is crammed and the long communal table means that you need to hover to get a good seat - but, it affords a great opportunity to people watch and silently listen-in on some very interesting conversations (or hold some of your own).I highly recommend NOPA and frequent the establishment whenever I am in the Bay area.
Had a delicious brunch here with three girlfriends:- Energetic atmosphere; bustling, but pleasantly noisy - great ambiance- Be prepared to be patient and enjoy a leisurely dining experience - the place was slammed so service was a bit slow (but worth the wait)- Excellent food - highly recommend the goat cheese bread pudding and the french toast - fluffy, rich, syrupy, buttery, heaven- Awesome morning drinks - the negroni fizzante was delicious
Everything about this restaurant is top notch. I can confidently say that waiting a month for the reservation was well worth it! I was in food heaven from the beginning. We started with the country pate which was not too rich and served with rhubarb jam and stone ground mustard and crostinis. For the entrees we had the salmon and pork chop, both of which were phenomenal. This is not your typical salmon--cooked in a butter creme sauce in a cassoulet dish. The pork chop is marinated in a molasses and just fell off the bone. To top it off, we had olive oil cake for dessert, which was perfect end to an amazing meal. Don't be shy about starting with a cocktail--they are seasonal and delicious. Overall, everything from the food to service was superb--highly recommended! I can't wait for next time.
This is one of my favorite places to eat in all of San Francisco. This place has great drinks, apps, entrees and desserts. The atmosphere is fun and inviting. The ceilings are high and it has an open kitchen which I think are the 2 best design elements to have in a restaurant. My fav things to get at Nopa are:Pork Chop- brined to maximize flavor and moisture, accompanied by a seasonal side.Flatbreads- always changing, always yummyBrussels sprouts- Bright and acidic, love to eat it w my juicy, fatty pork chop.Desserts- always changing, but I remember having a lavender panna cotta that was magical. I still think about that dessert every now and then.If I lived in this neighborhood, I would go at least once a week. Crackin spot. I wish I owned it. haha
Completely forgot to review this spot (thanks for the friendly reminder fellow YELPER :) Have been fortunate to have eaten at NOPA twice now. First time was with a party of 6 and the second time was with a dear friend after seeing a show at the Independent. Was pleasantly surprised to walk into NOPA at 11pm and find that the restaurant was opened and serving till 2!!! G-friend and I got a great spot at the bar and began to feast on delicious small plates and one too many Champagne flutes. If you are like me and can handle going to dinner at 1030 (or later) I highly recommend checking out NOPA. Good food and great scene!
A lot of hype. Don't get me wrong the food was good, but it was definitely not 5 stars worthy. I've been wanting to go for a long time and was so excited for the experience. Our server was not the friendliest which was off putting but, I was there for the food so I let it be. The best tasting dishes were the french toast and the smoked trout but nothing else really excited our taste buds. It was mediocre at best. In all honesty, with so many amazing restaurants in the city, im not itching to get back anytime soon.
At this point NOPA's celebrity is showing no indication of waning, and really why should it considering they are doing absolutely everything right?They call themselves a "gathering place" and that is spot on and what makes it so great. A beautiful space with gorgeous light that makes you feel at home, high ceilings that feel elegant but comfy and communal dining areas that mix you up with other diners.And the food, oh the food! Nothing sucks on this menu, and it's always rotating so it's pretty exciting to come in and see what new deliciousness the kids at NOPA have concocted for your enjoyment.Also, they carry my favorite whiskey - Red Breast - and they make a mean Manhattan. Best of all, they are open till like 2. I would certainly vote NOPA as the "Most Likely to Meet Cool People After Midnight in SF."And that really is what makes NOPA so damn good: the people. The service is friendly and welcoming, and other patrons are always cool and smiling and having fun. A perfect place for a date, a birthday or just grabbing a cocktail and appetizers.
Place is Good. I did notice that the crowd here is an interesting slice of the San Francisco populace. A few too many dye jobs and facelifts to be this far inland from the Marina. But I digress...The best thing about the place are the cocktails and the wait service. I had the house Sazerac, and it was beautifully presented (one nice big ice cube), quite tasty, and strong. This is consistent with all the times we've been here.And though we've been here maybe 3 or 4 times between us, nothing has ever really "wowed" us about the food. We're not sure what he hype is about.I had the Roasted Alaskan Halibut (with Trumpet Mushrooms, Bacon, Peas). The halibut was cooked very nicely, tender and buttery inside (I know this is hard to do). The peas were replaced with kidney beans and the gritty texture of the beans didn't complement the smoothness of the fish very well -- it actually worked against it, unfortunately. The flavor was very subtle, I'd say it could have used a bit more seasoning. My wife had the Fettucine. She was 'meh' about it. Overall we were underwhelmed. It wasn't bad at all, just not up to the hype, sadly.We'd come back here again, if invited, but doubt we'd make the trip on our own volition again. Don't get me wrong, the place is good, but our experience just didn't make us want to make a special trip again.
Came here around 11 on a Friday night and had a extra super late dinner. Fell asleep after work and woke up at 9 pm. Didn't wanna cook or eat fast food so that's when I start yelping places that r open late. My sis n friend have been raving about nopa forever so I knew I wouldn't be disappointed.Wasn't a long wait at all even though they were really busy. By the time we got our drinks at the bar..our table was ready. We started off with the fish fries (fried smelt) and kale salad. Both were delish! for our entrees we ordered the burger and the chicken. I know ...chicken! I never order chicken at a fancy restaurant but it looked so good rotating on that damn rotisserie. It was eh. Should've ordered the pork chop instead. But that burger ..man! I want another one already. Ordered it medium rare and it came out perfectly med rare. You can tell they let it rest a bit because the juices didn't run out when I split it in half. Words won't do this burger justice..so u just gotta try it. Add the gruyere cheese too! All in all it was a great time out. Cool crowd...ambiance ..service and food. oh for dessert...had the sopapilas...good but I felt like it was missing something. Maybe ice cream?
Been to NOPA for dinner and brunch, and both meals have been superb. Almost all the dishes there are great, so I generally just ask my server for a recommendation of something that is one of their favorites. While it can be difficult to get a table (and there is always a line outside), you can generally sneak in after 9pm for a late night dinner on a weekday. A must visit place, especially if you live in the neighborhood.
Arrived with reservations for 8:30 and we're promptly seated at 8:30 p.m. on a Saturday night for dinner with a party of 4. At 9:30, after 2 friendly follow up requests, our salads arrived. At 10:20 p.m. - yes, you read that correctly, one hour and fifty minutes after we were seated- our patience had finally been exhausted. When I again inquired of our friendly but clueless waiter about the status of our entrees, he apologetically said "yeah, I guess the kitchen is a bit slow tonight". At this point, we were done. We asked for the bill. At this point, the manager (I believe Heather) came by and said .... and I quote..."we like to take our time"...to which I replied, "yes, I see that, we've been waiting nearly 2 hours for our food"...and this sums it up....she responds "I'm sorry that didn't work for you, but we like to take our time". Talk about tonedeaf. I get having an off night, having a table get lost in the shuffle, but telling a party who has waited 8 minutes shy of 2 hours for a chicken dish to arrive that it's all part of their plan? Well, $!#!@ you. Don't piss on my head and tell me it's raining. #CantBelieveThisPlaceHasLastedThisLong.
This place surprisingly didn't blow me away, given all the hype. Drinks were tasty - they have a yummy blue bottle cocktail and a great beer and wine selection. Getting a spot was difficult and a bit stressful - we showed up 2 hours before our projected dinner time and hung out at the bar. We put our names down as soon as they opened the dinner time waiting list and were told that we would *maybe* get a seat, if our guests showed up by 6PM. Otherwise, no seating until after 8PM. Thankfully, it didn't turn out that busy and we were seated immediately when the rest of our party turned up at 6:30. The food however, proved pretty straightforward and simple to the point of being unremarkable. There was something very Portlandia about being served 4 small wedges of Cara Cara orange with some salt as an amuse bouche, as if I wasn't able to buy a whole bag of them for $2.99 at Trader Joe's like I did earlier that day. Had a trout dish with chickpeas and some sort of sauce - it was meh. My date had the porkchop, which was tasty and described as one of the restaurant's most popular stand-bys, but also kind of just a standard pork chop. Tried the chevre cheesecake for dessert and enjoyed it, but nothing out of this world. I did however find the people watching enjoyable. On the night I went, it looked like every elderly sugar daddy with a much younger girlfriend decided to show up there. Given the prices though, I'd prefer to find somewhere with similar pricing and a bit more more "wow" factor to do my people watching.
We came to NOPA for brunch on Saturday. We got the burger, with avocado and gruyere. It was delicious and cooked perfectly. We also got the churizo with poached egg and beans. The churizo was also very good - had some combination of spices and peppers that worked well. The brunch menu is pretty small, but there were some other things that looked tasty too (especially the french toast).The vibe is fun and trendy. It is a nice open loft space with some seating upstairs. Definitely get a reservation because NOPA is very popular. It was around 2pm and the place was packed. Can't even imagine what it would be like to try to wait in line.
Came here last night for the first time to try NOPA's infamous pork chop but had a horrifying experience!The food was good but after we were almost done with the dish, we found a larvae underneath the arugula, ALIVE and moving!! Since we sat at the chef bar near the kitchen, I thought I'd tell the head chef and show her the dish. She just took the plate to the back and didn't even apologize for it! I didn't expect to get it comped or anything for that matter but would've expect an apology at the very least!! For a place like this that has a two month waiting list, I would've expected more. We won't be coming back.
Joe and I came here for brunch this afternoon, and it was spectacular. All the details, from the full pot of Blue Bottle coffee (yum), the small little cups with small wooden spoons to pour your sugar in, to the deep dish bowls. It was all excellent. We ordered the soft scrambled eggs which were savory and delectable, and the french toast did not disappoint. Minor point: lemon butter isn't my favorite thing, but it was delicious on this french toast. Hope to come back again soon, and one other thing: definitely a reservations type of place. We called the morning of, and the closest reservation was 1 - 130 pm that afternoon.
One thing that I absolutely looove about SF is the many great options available for late-night dining--one of which is the awesome, NOPA! My friend and I came here around 11pm and the restaurant was packed! There were a few tables open; however, we opt to sit by the bar area, right in front of the kitchen(yelp.com/biz_photos/ttar). It was really fun and entertaining, watching all of the chefs in action! The chefs and sou chefs were all very organized, and most importantly, clean!What I also admired about NOPA was the very modern decor and their frequently changing menu. The night that I went, I could not make up my mind about the following dishes: 1. Rotisserie herbed chicken, grilled bread, wild nettle ricotta and sugar snap peas ($19)2. Grilled pork chop, sweet potatoes, and sauteed asparagus ($25)3. Housemade tagliatelle, braised duck, green garlic, mushrooms, and parmesan ($19)I was hungry, so I decided to go with the grilled pork chop and my friend went with the grass-fed hamburger, pickled onions, and french fries. Both servings were huge! No wonder the pork chop was a whopping $25! Everything was very well prepared and flavorful. The pork chop was grilled to perfection and it was extremely tender. I got a taste of the hamburger and it was equally tender. I wasn't very impressed with the aioli sauce for the french fries, but other than that, everything was great! Our waitress was very attentive and professional. Although we had our own pitcher of water, she still came by often to refill our cups. Overall, I had an excellent experience and I think we appreciated our food much more because we saw how much care was put into the preparation! Yay for NOPA!
MAKE A RESERVATION IF YOU CAN!!I came in a little before 1pm on a Sunday. i felt bad that the hostess kept turning people down because the wait was getting really long (~1.5 hours) and the weekend brunch ended at 230pm. Luckily, my friends and I made a reservation 3 weeks before. There was still about a 15-20 min wait even with the reservation, but our waiter made up for it by bringing us complimentary appetizers--the cheddar biscuit and the date/walnut crumb muffin. Both of them were delicious! I ordered a full plate of the custard french toast with caramelized apples and maple butter, and it was THE BEST I french toast I have ever had!! I'd definitely recommend it, but maybe the half plate because I couldn't finish a full one lol. I docked one star because the service even when we were seated took awhile. The food felt like it took forever to come out, and I had to flag down the waiter a few times for the check and a to-go box. I had to go back to my car in the middle of my meal to refill the parking meter because I didn't intend on the service taking as long as it did. But overall, the food is fantastic and a great place for brunch if you have the time.
For someone who doesn't eat porky...their signature porkchop is heaven in your mouth!Been to Nopa three times and loved every visit. Beside the P.C...their burger is second to none =) accompanied by pickled onions. Wowser!!! Calamari, salmon slowly baked in beans and bok choy, trout salad, perfectly cooked mussels, half roasted chicken...mouth watering melon salad...does the list ever end! Place is an open loft, gorgeous in every corner...Warning: Parking sucks and there's always a long wait.
The spices used are not to my liking. The service was not impressive.... for we had to ask for the french fries ordered as an appetizer about three times and arrived at the same time with the bill. The food was not explained too clear and the waiter not excited about none in particular. The rabbit was expected to be a part of the animal itself but instead looked like a sausage.The draft beer selection is too strong and not well suited with any of the meals ordered.I wished I like this place but.... oh well!
I'm starting to think I'm too nice on Yelp because I'm throwing out 5 star reviews like nobody's business, but there's too much good food in this freakin' city. It's hard to eat badly here. Nay, almost impossible.Anyways, finally got to NOPA, and surprise! 5 star review. Nonetheless, this was quite simply one of the best meals I can ever recall having. Like for real, that good. I got the pork chop, as at least one person at your table better be doing if you haven't had it before. It's almost offensively good. Also got the seared duck (holy crap amazing) and the ham tasso appetizer, which is basically some obscenely fresh and tasty ham on a toasted slice of bread with some pear chutney and all kinds of other goodies included. If the pork chop and duck wasn't good enough, this was off the charts tasty as well.For real though, the place is about my ideal restaurant. Incredibly reasonable prices for the quality of food, beautiful design and space, great service, the whole nine. Killer place. Can't wait to go back.
This review won't help anyone with choices, but should note that everything we had was excellent! P. & I especially enjoyed the chicory salad and the cute assortment of cookies for dessert (included a macaron and peppermint patty option with homemade almond milk!) For entrees, I had the pappardelle with lamb and mint and everything was cooked perfectly. P. had the pork chops and he loved it so much, I quote: "I could eat only this every day for the rest of my life."Also loved the interior - super spacious and exposed wood beam ceilings! We sat on the second level so it was fun to peep down at people and also (in a non-creepy way) see what they were eating/drinking!
After hearing from countless people in San Francisco - foodies, industry people, and other friends - that NOPA is like heaven in restaurant form, I decided it was high time to check it out.We got here at 5 so we could try their happy hour bar menu, available from 5-6. Note: This is the BEST way to score a table on a busy Friday or Saturday night. Once we were seated at the bar, we were able to get our name on the list in minutes and were seated by 6:15! Not bad for a place otherwise packed and buzzing with food-scene excitement.Space: Hands down the best part of NOPA is the physical space. The restaurant resembles an Aspen ski lodge plunked down in San Francisco and redecorated by celebrity interior designers. 20 ft + loft ceilings, elegant furnishings, beautiful lighting, and a public-facing kitchen allows you to watch the chefs go at it right from your seat. Simply being in this space may bring you closer to Buddha...Drinks: Drink service here was solid. The first bartender who seated us (brown-haired ponytail guy) seemed put off when we needed a minute to look at the expansive drinks menu, so quickly became disinterested and faded to the background. Another bartender (good-looking Mexican guy) quickly took the reigns and took much better care of us. Their spirits menu is vast and intimidating for the uninitiated like myself. I recommend the Rittenhouse Rye 100 proof whiskey on the rocks. One of the best whiskeys I've ever tasted! The Russian River Blonde Ale is also very good and worth a try.Appetizers: Started off with the goat cheese and crostini. That goat cheese was like crack! Finger. Lickin'. Good. Perfect temperature and disappeared quickly from the bowl. Followed up with the sea bass crudo, which was also excellent. Their albacore tuna melt (from the bar menu) was the one true miss of the evening. Cheddar cheese doesn't taste good on everything, especially less-than-fresh tuna fish. Fail. Food: Rotisserie chicken was very good but not spectacular. Their best dish, by far, was the halibut flank. Simply delicious with a unique red sauce that made you really savor each bite.One complaint with the dishes throughout: nearly all of them came on top of a bed of frisee lettuce. Why??? It's got no flavor and adds nothing the dish. They would be much better off pairing their food with arugula, kale, or even romaine. Service was impeccable, as one would expect of a four-star restaurant. Overall, NOPA is definitely a rockstar of a restaurant. The physical space is breathtaking, and they are probably the most talked-about new restaurant in SF. Their reputation is not without merit. Their dishes are fantastic and their drinks are second-to-none. Aside from a few minor misses here are there, this place serves up reliably excellent food and is well worth checking out if you want "the" place to do fine dining in SF. All told, we paid about $150 including drinks for a party of three, not bad in the most expensive city on the west coast!
There are two things I absolutely love about this place:1. You can make a reservation for brunch2. Custard French ToastI hate waiting in line for hours just to eat a decent brunch in the city and this is the only place I know that will take brunch reservations. That's the first step in ensuring great customer service! There are no stupid rules to follow (such as no seating for a party of three in some upstart restaurant). Very accommodating and friendly service every single time I was there.I usually come here when I am craving their Custard French Toast. We would usually order it to share because they are huge. The toasts are crispy on the crusts, but moist and custard-y on the middle. Not too sweet either - just right.I tried their Eggs, Pork, Sausages, and Burger. They are all good, but with the exception of the burger, portions are rather small.
I got the chicken, hubby got the pork. Neither was memorable. Nopa is good, but not worth the hype and long reservation wait time. There are better, and there are certainly worse. Worth a try to see if you disagree.
They have an amazing burger. I think 7x7 ranked it #3 in its 2010 burger list. But their burger is better than Fish and Farm's (the #1 on the list). This place used to be my favorite burger. It still might be, but I've had so many burgers and I haven't been back in awhile.I asked NOPA once why the meat tasted so damn good. They told me it was 35% fatty beef. So there you have it, fatty cows make fatty good burgers.
i came here with a group of friends for dinner. Good thing we made reservation ahead, so we walk right in passing a few ppl in line. The food here is absolutely umm what can i say breath taking?? lol every bite was delicious.. i feel in love here. I Believe we ate enough food to feed a group of 7 and for 4 girls dame we clean every plate there is.. the pork chop is a must if you come here its was so tasty and juicy.. everything we order was great so i would definitely. recommend trying everything on the menu if you got the appetite and the money.The drinks here are really strong.. it felt like i had to do a manly grunt every time a took a sip. loli would definitely come back.. hopefully it won't be that long.
************************** 503 ****************************      My cousin and aunty live in Alamo Square; a few blocks from Nopa; when I"m here walking her dog Peddy weekly; we either come here or another bar across the street.     Nopa has been around and probably 1 of the best restos this part of town and in San Francisco; and 1 of the more favorable spot by many chefs in town and out of town for good reasons. The food is rustic, urban, but create fresh daily with freshest ingredients from local farmers.     The dinner menu is great, but the brunch is also fun too. Nopa always add more special dishes and the food here is so consistent, you can't go wrong with any dish!- Baked giant white beans, tomato, feta, arigano, and breadcrumbs - tasty and cheesily good. - Flatbread of sliced potatoes, mushrooms, horseradish, and Gruyre - a great dish to share.- Squid Salad - fresh, light, and delicious.- Rotisserie herb chicken, grilled bread, carrot humus, and asparagus - this chicken is always consistent, a dish that when you come here, you know it will be right, each and every time.- Lamb with polenta, not always on the menu, but it was tasty, juicy, and enough to share for 2 people.- Pecan Tart - I don't eat sweet, but my cousin loves this dessert here.     I heard they have the Cast iron skillet corned beed hash, linguica sausage and butter, ummmm, this is a good reason to get out of bed for brunch. Service is always friendly, though it can be hard to get a RSVP here! The place is always jam pack every day, so you can feel tiny and cramp here!Overall: 4 starsFor value: 4 starsFor Food: 4 starsFor Service: 4 starsAmbiance: 4 starsFor Location: No valet, Divisidero street parking here is difficult, but go on side streets!
Amazing food and awesome staff. I recommend the weekend brunch! What is nice about NOPA is you can get food past 10 PM...when many other neighborhood spots are closing. Thank you NOPA!
A chef friend brought me here for dinner. We got there when it opened and sat at the bar and had cocktails and bar food. The chickpeas and fried green beans are AMAZING! We ended up having dinner. He had the pork chop which was beyond amazing! I had the pasta with fennel sausage and greens. We both cleaned our plates! Desert was an espresso ice-cream sandwich with some yummy (non alcoholic) drink...soooo good!Loved the service! The place is beautiful and everyone who works there is so nice! Excited to go again and to try Nopalito...
I love NOPA! Mom came up for a visit, and wanted to take her to one of the best spots not only in my 'hood' but also in SF! My old roomie and dear friend was also working that night so we wanted to pop in and say hello! We got there at 6pm (Saturday), when dinner service starts, and was already bustling. The wait for a table was nearly 2 hours, so we took our chances and hung out by the bar to scope out which two patrons would be our victims to hawk for their seats. Others had the same idea and were nice enough to ask which seats were 'ours'. Surprisingly, it was all very civilized and friendly, and everyone was just excited to eat! Thankfully, we didn't have to wait long for seats to open up. Since we weren't super hungry, we opted to order appetizers and dessert. -' Warm goat cheese, pickled beets, frisee and crostini' It's really all about the cheese with this dish. It's seriously, the best! This is my absolute fav, which Mom really liked. Cheese spreads so perfectly on the crostini and a perfect combo. I'm not a huge beet fan, but I actually enjoyed and ate most of them! - 'Flatbread with caramelized onions and sausage' Another home run. I wasn't sure if Mom would like it because she's a very picky eater. The onions were sweet which complimented the mild spiciness of the sausage. It had just the perfect amount of cheese. - 'Carnaroli rice pudding, winter spiced plums, and cinnamon tuile' I've never tasted anything like this before, and it was incredible. I loved the sweetness of the warm plums and the cinnamon flavored barquillos. (For those who aren't familiar, it's a Filipino rolled cookie en.wikipilipinas.org/ind ) -'Bittersweet chocolate pot de creme with earl grey shortbread cookies and candied orange cream.' *Special thanks to M for this special treat! OH MMMMMYYYYYLANTA! This was cleverly served in a mason jar and so incredibly delish, with the chocolate and a hint of orange bursting with flavor in every bite. I've never had the earl grey shortbreads before, which was amazing as you can really taste the tea flavor! Wowie! Desserts went perfectly with the french press 'Blue Bottle' coffee. Props to Jean, (at the bar) for being extra attentive and using her skills (that most bartenders have) as a lip reader. It was funny how that coffee order came about and doesn't quite translate here on my review, as it was definitely "one of those location things." Mom, Jean, and I had a nice chuckle from that. Anywho, had an amazing dinner once again at NOPA. You really get a different vibe sitting at the bar, from watching the line cooks and servers do their thing, as well as the bartenders. Speaking of, the bartenders were so nice and friendly, and above all, efficient. They cranked out those mixed special drinks like the Old Cuban, poured the beers and wines in no time flat! BTW, the bathrooms are very clean and love the communal sink. Wonderful food, great and friendly service, with nice patrons and cool ambiance to boot. It really doesn't get any better than that!
While on a trip to San Francisco we decided to swing by Nopa for some lunch. Upon our arrival we were quickly seated in the upstairs dining area and started to look at the menu. Unfortunately the bacon flat bread pizza from The Best Thing I Ever Ate was not on the menu so we had to go a different direction. I ordered goat cheese bread pudding, whiskey braised pork with jalapeno biscuits, and of course a side of bacon. I thought about ordering a specialty beer but at those prices, it was not going to happen.Before I talk about the food, I am going to say this now, our server was awful. He wasn't rude just sort of indifferent. He never told us his name, never looked us in the eye, and barely asked us if we liked the food. I thought for a minute that maybe the hipster theme translated to the service but then our food was brought out by someone else. This server was friendly, talkative, and excited about the food. Too bad we only saw her once because she would have made us feel much more welcomed. I will always knock a restaurant for bad service especially one that is going to cost me more than $50 for lunch. They should probably work on that.First my bread pudding arrived with the goat cheese on the bottom. While I wasn't overly impressed by the presentation, the flavors were pretty good. The bread pudding was moist but I was surprised that the goat cheese was mostly at the bottom. I expected the cheese to flow across the entire dish but alas, you had to dig to it. I really liked the pickled beets perhaps better than the pudding itself. Enjoying the vegetable side will be a theme in this meal. The arugula was completely unnecessary.My entree came out next with my side of bacon (Not pictured but decent). I was very surprised by the presentation. I was not expecting it to come out as a kind of stew. I really like my pork but this was a little bland. It was cooked really well though and melted in my mouth. The only thing that was truly memorable from this dish was the brussel sprouts. These were slightly charred and delicious soaked in the pork broth. Tasty veggies aside this was a disappointing entree. The two biscuits also left me a little wanting. If you call somethings jalapeno cheddar than it better be just that. These biscuits just tasted like normal biscuits where I was hoping for cheesy and spicy flavors.I was expecting so much more from our trip to Nopa but sadly it was only mediocre. At the price point I was hoping for a more engaged server and better flavors but it seemed that all I was paying for was a nice seat at a sleek modern eatery. While I do love my beets and brussel sprouts when they are the things I remember best from a meal that included pork and goat cheese, you have a problem. The meal just did not come together how I would have hoped and I will probably not return to try it again.Overall: 5/10
My moroccan tagine was so wonderful!Also ordered some squash that had the perfect yogurt sauce.
Always open late. Always very good, and sometimes great, food. Always friendly and knowledgeable staff...this is a burger review though. Pay no attention to the guillotine cocktail, self, and focus on how much you enjoyed that burger. Oh my, was that a good burger. Start with Prather Ranch meat, which is becoming my favorite for hamburger patties. Then add fresh toppings and cheese. Top with a very good roll - and let's be honest, isn't a disappointing burger roll a sad way to save on costs - and you have a memorable burger. Keep in mind that this was my fourth visit to NOPA and only now was I eating the burger. Previously, I've eaten the goat cheese and pears with crostini, mozzarella and tomatoes, fried Brussels sprouts, pork chop, roasted duck, vegetable tagine, and broccoli, among other dishes. You'll always enjoy a great meal here, and you'll pay for in both time and money. My only two hesitations about eating at NOPA:- if any members of my group were hard of hearing, and you end up sitting at the communal table, sit next to, not across from, your friend or SO. It's a loud, vibrant environment.- if the weather were warm. Cooling off this restaurant is difficult, and eating upstairs isn't pleasant. That many bodies and an open kitchen make for a very hot indoor temperature.
Finally we tried NOPA for dinner. Didn't have reservations so had to wait a bit for the drinkers to leave the bar area so we could have dinner at the bar. They have communal table, but that fills up fast too. B. got a expensive drink like $18 for a small glass of Montbourgeau.I got my tap water. We both got tap water.Got:FREE 2 strawberries w/ cheese & salt - fineWhite bean dish $9- it was fine.Flatbread $14 - like pizza but cut up different. Some sausage, little bit of cheese, & some greens. Just ok.Porkchop - $25. We shared it. Huge thing w/ some tiny potatoes & shallots. It was tender.Charged it. Over $70 for 2 w/ the drink, food, tax.Bathrooms: single toilets for men, women, unisex. Sinks outside of the bathrooms area.It's really popular still so make reservations & be prepared to wait.Bus stop #21 is around the corner from the restaurant. We found street parking & it's FREE on Sundays.Location: Divisidero & Hayes.
Food cannot be beat. They are a victim of there own success. So busy it gets a little to crowded and wait can be frustrating. Nevertheless hands down worth it! Great loud fun atmosphere.
This place is more of a 3.5 stars eatery, but considering that I liked the places that I gave 4 stars noticeably more, I decided to give NOPA 3 stars. The boyfriend took me here for date night. To start, I got the cocchi cup, which tasted like a dark and stormy, and the boy got the lock, something similar to the Manhattan. We both enjoyed our beverages so a good start to the evening. Our waitress was friendly without being too intrusive.For appetizer, after consulting with our waitress, we decided on the piggy platter. It consisted of head cheese, a sausage and a smoked ham. The sausage and ham were excellent in both flavor and texture. The head cheese, I thought, was somewhat blend. It was mostly gelatin and not enough of the crunchy texture from cartilage or tendons. I thought it needed more of a punch, even a little more salt would do wonders for the dish.From reading the reviews on Yelp, it appeared that NOPA was known for its pork chops and burger, so that was exactly what we ordered. We went in half-sies. I tried the burger first -- I enjoyed the brioche bun and the patty was juicy and flavorful. The pickled onions gave it some pizazz. We probably shouldn't have order it with bleu cheese, as it overpowered the mild flavor of the meat, but I enjoyed it. My boyfriend preferred the burger with a different type of bun, but he said that it was mostly due to the cheese. If we picked cheddar, we probably would have enjoyed the dish more.The biggest disappointment of the night was from the pork chops. Even before I had a bite of the meat, I could tell that it was way overcooked because there was no pink at all in pork chop. To make it worse, the plate didn't have any sauce to hide the dryness of the meat. It was so sad because I could tell that the chop was high quality and it was well seasoned. The meat around the bones were good as it was less dry. I understand that when it comes to grilling, it's easy to have an off day. I could see the dish's potential. The dates on the side were a great addition and the potatoes were very yummy.We shared the trifle for dessert. It took me a few bites to get used to the verbena flavor, but it definitely grew on me. The pound cake at the bottom was unmistakably lemony, which overwhelmed the cream a bit, and I wish they cut the strawberries into smaller pieces. Overall, NOPA did not live up to my expectations. I heard such good things from my friends about the establishment, I was waiting to be wowed. The place probably just had an off night, but considering the wealth of exciting restaurants in the city, unfortunately, I would be hard pressed to go back and give it another try.
Best pork chop ever2nd best burger in SF
Um, this place should be called NOPE !!!!I've come here twice to grab a table and the wait is ridick. Food is unfortunately overrated.#gotopopeyesinstead
ate there last night party of 4, ordered the flat bread, beans and calamari to start all were very good. had the pork chop, pasta and two chicken entrees. entrees were decent. the service though was horrible. over one hour between appetizers being finished and entrees starting to be served. server never came over to check on us during that time. server also did not know much about the wine or beer and her opinion on the either the pasta or salmon was "get the pasta it's great and the salmon is not so much". I will never eat there again the food was good but not good enough to make up for the poor service. the chicken was also dry but the server never came back to see how we liked the food so...
Nopa is probably one of the top restaurants in all of San Francisco. I have eaten here many many times and have come to love every aspect of it. The casual atmosphere and large amount of seating lends itself to the neighborhood vibe that the owners strive for. Although getting a reservation is quite difficult (expect to shoot for 2-3 weeks in advance for an ideal time) they accept walk-ins all night. They take names for tables starting at 5pm even though Yelp lists that they open at 6. They have a bar and community table with 30 spots between them that is all first come first serve seating. You can take any open spots you see and have full dinner service there if you like. Unlike some restaurants the hosts are doing their very best to get everyone a spot to eat. They'll even walk you around the bar and common table to help you find someone who is finishing up soon. On top of that they will take your name and phone # and Text you as soon as they have availability and you can txt them right back to wait for the next one or that you'll be there soon. The wine list is extensive, I'm talking 6 pages of by the glass, and bottles from every region of the world and their servers and managers will talk to you at length about anything on there even helping you with pairings and talking about their cocktails and beer too. They have special cocktail grouping called "The Spiritual" in which all the ingredients come local including the liquor. They are big on locally sourced here as well as organic ingredients without being pretentious about it. You won't see the popular buzz words all over their menu, but ask their servers or cooks or even the bartenders and they can usually tell you the farm where the Kale or Chicken you're eating came from. There are def big items on the menu that are famous around San Francisco, but don't trust every review you read. The menu is constantly changing so what someone says you should try one day may not be there the next. When you come into Nopa try something you've never heard of. It's all delicious and worth experimenting. When the food comes try getting multiple items in one bite. The overall combos make it even better. The Chefs, Laurence and Al really knows their stuff! Oh and don't forget about Brunch. Sat-Sun only it's usually crazy busy, but the food is to die for. Getting a reservation is difficult I'd shoot for 3-4 weeks out for a good time, but again they take walk-ins all morning. They hold tables for the first seating and seat the community table off the waitlist as well. Waiting more than an hour is uncommon because people eat fast, and there are lots of cancelations and no shows. If you get on the waitlist stick nearby because they will likely txt you sooner than you think.
Love the vibe.Love the food (creative but unpretentious and careful attention to quality ingredients).Love the wine list (lots of fun imports!).Not good for children.No outdoor seating (a bummer for those of us with pups in the neighborhood).
Went here on a random night. It was really busy and packed. The wait for two (us) was probably an hour to an hr half. It was definitely worth the wait! I'm not a fan of porkchop but this was definitely the best porkchop I ever had. It was super flavorful, soft, and juicy. We ordered fries as well and it came with an aioli sauce I believe. Would definitely come back however its so hard to get reservations!
As I sit here contemplating how to start this review, I have oddly enough become transiently inspired by a line Drake just blared out of my headphones: "Everybody dies, but not everybody lives." And it got me thinking. Just how does one LIVE? Well, a few ideas come to mind, and eating definitely tops the list. Not just anything mind you. Something delicious. Something amazing. At NOPA, they offer all of the above. If I'm going to get fat, it better be on something good, ya know? And I'll gladly get fat any day of the week as long as it's here. More porchetta? Why, yes please! Even if it's nearing $30 a pop. Now generally, I'm a girl who likes to eat on the cheap. But LIVING also encompasses the occasional dabble on the other side. So, on a random Tuesday night, my friend and I found ourselves here, in an effort to switch up our usual hole-in-the wall dining routine. Even on a week night, this place was packed to the nines. Luckily, we were fortunate enough to get a table without a reservation and with a minimal wait time. While the friendly hostess led us to the last remaining table, I couldn't help but admire the decor. It was swank and contemporary, but in a subtle way. Also, the menu must have been written by a poet, because it read so nicely. It made it difficult for us to decide what to get; however, we eventually narrowed it down to four dishes:- Grilled broccoli, lemon, anchovy and breadcrumbs- Grass fed hamburger, pickled onions and french fries- Porchetta, braised cabbage, nantes carrots and cracklings- Blood orange upside-down cake - amaro nonino ice cream. If you haven't guessed already, the porchetta was my favorite dish of the night. It wasn't just good. It was close-your-eyes-to-savor-the-taste, lick-your-lips GOOD. To really gain a full appreciation of the dish, all of the ingredients must be eaten together in one bite - porchetta, cabbage, carrots, and cracklings. As long as they make it into your mouth concurrently, you too will close your eyes and lick your lips in blissful enjoyment. The hamburger was scrumptious too. Very juicy and flavorful, and the aioli served on the side was absolutely delicious. The blood orange upside down cake was good as well, and was soaked in a sweet liquid reminiscent of some type of liquor (I'm guessing Amaro Nonino?). While it does get a little too sweet after a few bites, sharing it with someone provided the perfect portion. The only dish I wasn't too crazy about was the broccoli. It had a lemony, vinegary taste that was very overpowering, and it gave the whole dish a sour saltiness that I didn't care for. Needless to say, we were un-intentionally making thizz faces while eating this one. You've been warned. Our waitress was also a tad snotty. I could be wrong, but I swear I detected something in her tone and overall demeanor. I may look like I'm barely legal, but is it necessary to treat me like it? In sum, nay for the broccoli and pretentious waitress, but yay on everything else. Our meal was pretty fatty and I may have knocked off 30 minuets or so of my lifespan for it. But, for the 120 minuets of LIVING I enjoyed in exchange, I'd say I came out on top. 4 stars!
NOPA - This was a restaurant that kept being recommended to me for both their amazing food and also their bar scene. After moving to the PAC Heights area of SF and realizing I was very close to Nopa I explored this amazing gem. After my first night at the bar with another NYC transplant we both fell in love. The cocktails were divine (as are their handsome bar tenders) and the food was delicious. I recommend the Chocolate Mousse Dessert, Flat Bread and amazing Salads. I have returned many times since. It's also become a "go to staple" for entertaining out of towners. It's very hard to impress NY foodies and this is a spot that can do just that. You can't go wrong with whatever you order, as for drinks I recommend a Gin Gimlet. One of the best I've had.Read more about Nopa: jsfashionista.com/san-fr
Hip trendy ambience with an eclectic cuisine and excellent service! Always busy so make reservations. We spent New Year's Eve dinner here and had a great time. Great service, great food with lots of veg options and great ambience. Would come back...
It's been about a year since I've been here. The ambiance was still really cool. Definitely liked the relaxed atmosphere of the shared tables at the bar. The drinks were better than I remember...I had the Liquid Sword which I highly recommend...the menu had about 10 different drinks named in honor the Wu-Tang Clan which was kind of funny given the hipster vibe of the place. The apps were also pretty tasty. We had the flatbread, fried brussels and the lentil soup and I would order them again without a doubt. We were lucky to snag a table at the bar, otherwise it would have been an hour and a half wait for a table on a Wednesday night!They say the burger is the thing to get here, but like last time it was over seasoned with salt. It was done perfectly and presented beautifully, but WAY too much salt. I think it is just how they do it. I guess it encourages you to drink. The fries that came with the burger were also a little underwhelming...medium cut, but a bit underdone (re: not crispy on the outside) and in stark contrast to the burger, very under seasoned. All in all I would come here for drinks and apps, but it is worth the walk up a block and around the corner to Nopalito, Nopa's smaller, latin cousin for way entrees with just as festive of an atmosphere.
For what you pay, I think its very very good food. Excellent service, casual ambiance, which is nice. Pork chop is unbelievable. Their burger and fries are excellent. Great date spot. As I stated before, for what you pay (all dishes under $30), the food is really mind blowing and just all around great. I had a chef bring out our table's dishes. Where else do you see chef's delivering the food?
was told when I walked in to expect an hour or so wait! expected on a thursday evening at this joint. ended up steeling in on 4 spots at the bar. the tender was sound, offering great recommendations. we had beers, of the craft variety. they were cold and decent. we ordered a variety of starters and a couple of burgers, all upon recommendation. had an overpriced glass of pinot.food was superb. a lovely space and atmosphere. a tad busy but what can expect.i didn't have the pork chop, which i believe borders on blasphemy but couldn't fault NoPa aside from its a wee pricey. def check it out!
I'm a little late for my review - but when I think of San Francisco all I can think of is this place and how amazing it was. A must stop when in San Francisco
I truly cannot express to you how amazing this place is with words alone... but I'll try.I go to shows almost monthly, sometimes more, at the Independant and pass by this place every time. Have always wanted to try it. Today, we decided to go for it and it totally paid off. Hand crafted beverages that were absolutely delicious!! The food was just phenomenal. All the different favors and textures in each dish were completely complementary, no matter how odd it might seem.Everyone raves about the Pork Chops, but it's for a reason. Pork Chops with grilled nectarines, white beans and Bok Choi... bit of a head scratcher at first... until you take that first bite. Apple Berry Crisp was just killer, it melts in your mouth. For me, I just fell in love with the Sopapillas. Being from New Mexico, it was a bit of a nostalgic experience for me, as you can't find them very often in California. But the Orange zest baked into the dough and delicious home-made ice cream and salted carmel sauce snapped me out of nostalgia and into a heavenly zen. I couldn't believe how good it was - ALL of it. I didn't want to leave, except that I just couldn't fit anymore food in my tummy. We rolled out of their with big, fat, sloppy smiles on our faces.Please be aware: Their menu changes based on what Chef finds at the markets that day. They have some constant dishes that get little modifications from day to day, but you're almost never guarenteed to get the same thing every time you go. Definately on the pricey side. I would suggest sharing a plate so you can get dessert and not end up completely binging. Also, they have certain times that their kitchen is open, so if you end up going too early, they may not be serving quite yet. Make sure to check on that before you head over. Lastly, they do take reservations - a month in advance. Best to just show up and hope the wait is short. We got there right before the kitchen opened, got a great seat immediately and had ourselves a yummy beverage while we waited!
Came with fellow foodie couple; we share a ritual of trying hot spots we haven't been to while returning to some of our favorites. Menu fabulous, appetizers with lots of great choices and main courses hard to choose from. One of us had the salmon, the other their pork special; another steak, another chicken. So we got a great smattering of the menu. The food was good. It was a 4 on our yelper scale; I've had better but I loved the choices and the farm to table thing is awesome. Where they lost us was on the the service. It took too long for a waiter to greet us. The drinks took forever. We ordered one appetizer to share (flatbread fabulous!) and then the guys got one thing to share and the ladies a salad to share and that threw them for a loop. They thought we were splitting all three appetizers even after we told them and then everything went haywire. It took forever for us to get all three, they came one at a time, and we shared amongst the four of us which was ok, but not what we wanted.Then the mains took foooor-eeeev--er - Like way too long.  Dessert was yummy but also a wait.We're glad we tried it; we won't go back - too many other great places in this lovely city of ours.
With over 2,000 reviews, I'm not sure what else I can say but to reiterate that Nopa is a must visit. Food is definitely a solid four stars, and the fact they stay open until 2 (and serve food until 1) is a huge plus. I'm hesitant to give it 5 stars given that it does price itself in the upscale restaurants so there's steep steep competition, but easily 4.5 stars.
Best burger, best pork chop, awesome flatbread and crispy little fish (appetizers). Service is top notch and drinks/wine selection are in no way lagging behind. Can't wait to go back and bring everyone I know to try it too :)
Wow - we went to Nopa's to celebrate my birthday and I was blown away. The food was excellent! We had many of the starters, which were terrific and our main courses, well we couldn't stop sharing bites with each other. Lovely staff. One of my favorites!!
It was at NOPA I probably said the worst thing I could have ever said to my girlfriend. Man I super messed up and I didn't even mean it. I was just saying things because I was too busy shoveling food in my mouth. I blame NOPA and its ridiculous $4 non-refillable drinks. The food was great though.
This is the first GNO dinner in a long time. First time to this place and we were all happy with their food. The size of the place is decent, contemporary, high ceiling and lots of huge windows. Our dinner lasted from 6:30PM to almost 9PM because we were determined to try as much food as we can fit out stomach :)Appetizer - we had the Warm Goat Cheese, House Cured Ham Salad, and the Flat Bread. All very tasty and the greens are very fresh!Entree - we had the Salmon, Pork Chop, Rabbit Leg, and Grass-Fed Burger. The salmon was good, but salmon is usually the safe choice anyway. Pork chop was delicious, but it's got good amount of fat on it. Rabbit leg was tender and portion is not big so if you're a big eater, this may not be enough food for you. Hamburger, I didn't try.Dessert - we had the Chocolate Souffle, Cheesecake, and the Ice Box Tart. Ice Box Tart was very good. I wish I had one to myself :) I do not recommend the chocolate souffle because its the size of a mini cup cake and the sprinkle of lavender just didn't make any sense and it tasted bad. $8 for it was just not reasonable. Cheesecake was not that good either. I like my cheesecake moist and with strong cheese to the bite, but this one is kinda dry and bland. A funny thought crossed my mind when I took my first bite - how old is this cheesecake?The overall dinner experience was good. My friends tried different glasses of wine and said were good. Will come back to try other food.
One of the best places I've been to in SF for late night food. They're open late so super plus there! Also unlike most late night restaurants the food is phenomenal. Tried the Brussels sprouts, burger, and flatbread... So delicious I could scream. Offering grass fed meat... Not super different for SF but again for a late night restaurant I was totally impressed with the menu. Service was great and casual as was the overall look of the place. Would come back daily if I could until I've had the entire menu.
This place was pretty cool, wouldnt mind going back again next time I'm in town. We arrived before dinner service and had drinks and appetizers at the bar. White beans, sausage and aioli were pretty good. After reading a few other reviews, I decided to try the Locke for my drink....no regrets there. But the real star of the show was that pork chop.....man Im still thinking about that pork chop. Thick, juicy cut of meat with all the proper seasonings. For dessert we had the pecan tart that came with brown butter icecream and carmelized grapefruit. Description sounded simple and presentation was ok but once all those flavors combined hit my tastebuds I knew what was up. Out of all the restaurants I tried while visiting San Fran, I will would have to say this is my absolute favorite.
No, no, and more NO. If i could give 0 stars, I would. We went here on recommendation as being one of the best fine dining places in SF - on par with what we were used to in NY. All I can say it - WTF Nopa. Where to even begin here... The server missed bringing our complimentary bread with raspberry bit which we only found out later because one came by accident and the server didnt even realize we never got the first one. So service- not great. Our server also felt the need to tell us we were ordering too much food. Mind your business, we can take it home if we don't finish it. However, the food was mediocre at best, except for the pork chop which we had to take to go because the calamari appetizer gave my girl FOOD POISONING!! For anybody that has ever had food poisoning you know that it hits you within 30 minutes often times. I didn't eat the calamari because I thought it tasted disgusting after a half a bite, but she continued with it because she doesn't like to waste food and before our entrees could come she looked like a ghost and I immediately asked for the check and to box our entrees.Let me also say that although it looks very chic, the lack of fabric anywhere, matched with high ceilings makes it extremely loud and hard to converse with your friends. Never again.
Premium burger, overcooked. Too bad.Arrived for dinner on a Monday afternoon and ordered the $13 burger on the advice of my sister, who has a Patty Hearst-like adoration of this place, and its burger. Unfortunately, the burgers - ordered medium-rare - came back near well-done, and really took what promised to be an otherworldly meat experience and reduced to one slightly better than a Carl's Jr Six-Dollar Burger. Instead of being twice as good as price would suggest, it was only a little bit better.Patty was indeed a globe of juicy, flavorful - brown - hamburger, sandwiched between a hearty yet spongy toasted roll. Veggies and toppings were offered on the side, as if to not desecrate the tribute to beef.Albacore tuna appetizer was terrific, with (slightly too much) NOPA seasoning bringing out the delicate flavor. As the substrate was good, it was probably hard to screw this one up.In the end, probably should have let the server know of our burger over-grill. However, I'm considering the experience as an excuse to return for a properly-cooked NOPA burger.Quick tip: Sit at the community table even if a real table is open. Allows shameless food porn of other parts of the menu.
I came into NOPA around 5 pm on a Tuesday night. I had heard it was a busy place, but coming from NYC, I was all "Yeah yeah, it's Tuesday, I'm sure we can get a table with a walk in." Boy, was I wrong! The bar and community table was full at 5, and the dining room was completely packed by 6 pm. This place doesn't mess around! After waiting around for a bit, my friend and I were able to score two seats near the bar. After perusing their menu, we ordered:Citrus Salad with Hazelnuts, Feta and FennelWarm Goat Cheese Crostini with Asian Pear and PersimmonCarrot Soup with Ginger Oil, Crispy Shallots and HerbsGrass-Fed Hamburger with Pickled Onions and Meyer Lemon AioliFlatbread with Sardines and Grilled EndiveI love places that have a great feel for flavor matches and creative pairings, and NOPA is right on point. The food was all fantastic. The crostini was killer - the cheese was warm and full of flavor from the herbs and olive oil on top, and was a perfect match for the crunchy Asian pear. The carrot soup was so comforting and delicious; a great dish for a cold San Francisco night. The citrus salad, again - wow, a great example of flavors melding well together. The real star of the meal (surprisingly) was the Meyer lemon aioli. FANTASTIC! Hard to believe no one's thought of this before! The only thing I wasn't crazy about was the sardine flatbread. The fish was terrific, but the bread itself was a little too thick and the portion was huge and messily presented.Our service was terrific (especially considering they were slammed as soon as we sat down), and the hosting staff was great and very helpful. The atmosphere here is delightful - warm, inviting and clean. I would love to come back and have the full dinner experience, but ours was very pleasant. And that Meyer lemon aioli...wow!
This restaurant is in my top 10 for sf. Great food, delicious cocktails and cool vibe. A little loud so I would not recommend for a first date. But definitely should not be missed.
I've come here a couple times for brunch and dinner, and I gotta say, brunch blows my mind every time! Delicious! The best part - they take reservations so you can avoid that 2 hour line that seems to haunt any great brunch place in the city!!! No wait when we arrived - we were immediately escorted to our table. Servers have always been attentive and nice. Great atmosphere with a small dining area on the second floor. I have to say, the brunch is amazing!! Anything I try, I have fallen in love with. Especially the gooey amazing eggy buttery goodness of the french toast, but I was also a huge fan of the goat cheese bread pudding. The mix of flavors were perfect! Also love their cocktails! One star off because their dinner menu wasn't as good. Perhaps it was an off day though - willing to go back and try out their famous pork chops someday, but for now it will remain an overall solid 4 stars, 5 stars for brunch.
If marriage between a woman and a restaurant ever becomes legal in the State of California, I will immediately propose to NOPA.
Everything at NOPA comes together perfectly. Beautifully executed and delicious food, sleek aesthetic, fun bustling atmosphere, and impeccable service. The wine list is fabulous and cocktails are unique and well crafted by the bartenders-Josha is a gem! Professional but warm and approachable service from Lulu and the rest of the staff. One of the best burgers I've ever had and out of this world dessert.
N o, it's not the most affordable choice for brunchO h, it's just that their Custard French Toast is soooo damn goodP erectly creamy, thick and topped with caramelized applesA ll you'll be thinking is why you haven't discovered this soonerB est tip for brunch is to come early -- even before NOPA opensR estaurant opens at 11am, but the bar opens a half-hour beforeU nil the kitchen starts serving food, grab a coffee or cocktail at the bar N ot to mention, the bar staff is very friendly and the seats are pretty comfyC ustard French Toast is a must-have -- and a must-have-againH ave a Ramos Gin Fizz for a refreshing morning buzz
I was once told that NOPA is often referred to as 'the place where chef's hangout.' After my first visit last week - I can definitely see why! The food was incredible, the atmosphere was exciting and inviting, the service was outstanding - I honestly have not a single criticism of this place. We had a reservation and were sat down almost immediately when we walked in. We were started with a complimentary pear & blue cheese dish and sparkling water. The meal only got better with every course. Overall it was an absolute delight to eat there, and I will definitely be headed back soon!
I've been wanting to come here for years but its always so hard to make a reservation at a decent hour......I keep hearing how amazing the pork chops are so I made a reservation for dinner...and I was so disappointed in the foodNO PORK CHOPS on the menu.. we got the porchetta instead... it was ok.. nothing spectacular. So much fat, the chicharrones were super hard, the brussel sprouts were tasty thoalso heard how yummy the goat cheese flatbread was... and they didn't have this on the menu either :(we got the Poached Duck Egg, Shaved Asparagus, Sherry Onions and Mustard Greens--- the duck egg was fried.. and the dish had a hint of a curry taste (maybe cumin? bleh) not a fan of this dish. wasn't inherently bad but nothing specialPiggy Platter: Trotter Terrine, Smoked Tenderloin and Liver Mousse-- the terrine was bland, the tenderloin was way too salty and the liver mousse was the only good thing on the platterthe highlight of the meal actually was the dessert Meyer Lemon Curd Tart - Buttermilk Sherbet and Candied Thyme -- YUMMAY! ate this to the last biteOur waitress was good, she seemed really busy. We came early for our reservations and they were still able to seat us at the chefs counter at that! That was exciting, and it also made me wish we had ordered a burger and the steak, those looked amazing. The cocktails were darn tasty too. On another note, my boyfriend accidentally left his phone behind, and since I had made a reservation on opentable they had my number and called me to tell me we had left it behind. 4 stars for service! 3 stars for food.
Went here for a late dinner after a long trip to NAPA. The place is open, lively, and comfortable. The service was great, our waitress knew everything we asked her.What we got: Housemade Pappardelle (excellent), Pork Chop (best I've ever had), brussel sprouts (were a little lemony for my taste), and the flatbread (great).This is definitely a wine and dine type place. I would have taken advantage of their awesome selection if I hadn't been drinking wine all day.Their beer selection is also great. Boutique breweries and select types. If you're looking for a trendy spot, but just want something chill, I recommend this place.
This place is great it was all the service and pretense of a formal dinner but has the atmosphere of a nice bar lounge. The wait is always ridiculous so plan a head of time and make reservations. Their service is on point, the owner is on point about every detail, utensils switched per course, tables constantly clean, and napkins folded. Spot on! tips:For Appetizers:GET THE WHITE BEANS WITH GOAT CHEESE AND RED SAUCE! This little dish is small but packs a punch in flavor.Also get the small fish cause these two dishes provide a good balance of savory and salty for the palate.Main Course:GET THE FUCKING PORK CHOP, it tastes as if it has been brined for hours, a great combination of a little salty but sweet goodness. Oh and that shit is like a porter house steak. Thick as hell. This is hands down the best pork chop I have ever had.The burger, it is really good and the meat is on point but for some reason I cant say it is the best burger I've had, but it does rival some of the best burgers in SF. But dont let me discourage you, this burger is delicious! This place gets a FIVE STAR for overall dinner experience and food.
To celebrate the end of 2010, I wanted to enjoy NYE dinner in a laid back environment that was inviting yet energetic and fun. I found that NOPA fit the bill perfectly! The space was huge, much like a loft style restaurant you would find in Soho, NY. The ambiance inside was vibrant and buzzing with energy! There were large crowds bustling at the bar area grabbing drinks while others were seated enjoying a quick bite. An adjacent dining area was filled with people ready to eat and celebrate, as well. I requested a table upstairs in the open loft so we could enjoy an intimate meal while observing the energetic crowds from above. Our hostess kindly seated us, with literally no wait, in the requested loft dining area.Our server was polite, as she welcomed us to the restaurant and kindly presented us with the menu for the evening. Here's what we had:Amuse bouche - crisp, buttery crostini. Light, fluffy ricotta, refreshing bite with the chives. Hand mulled salt added a nice balance of flavors!Parsnip soup - Toasted almonds added a nice hearty texture while the fresh rosemary brought an aromatic and earthy dimension to the creamy soup. Very comforting.Spicy sausage flatbread - The sausage was tasty and added some much needed heat to the dish. The caramelized onions and crecsenza added some great dimensions of flavor and texture, but may have made the dish a tad bit too salty for my taste. The treviso lettuce added a crisp and refreshing balance to all the earthy flavors on the flatbread.Grilled trout - Meat tasted fresh and was fluffy. It also had a nice lemony flavor to it, not fishy at all. The kalamata olives added a nice balance of saltiness to all the mild flavors. Brocollini was cooked perfectly and had a nice bite. Steak- Thick, juicy cut with a beautiful sear to it! The braised vegetables had a naturally sweet flavor that was warm, rustic and a welcome addition to this hearty meal. The sherry onions added a good amount of acidity to round out the flavors perfectly!For dessert, we had two strong coffees and shared the Smoked Chocolate Pot de Creme, which was easily my favorite dish of the night! The top of the dessert was lightly salted which brought out the naturally sweet flavors of the chocolate. It was smooth, rich and utterly decadent! The accompanying chocolate cake was delicious, as well.Overall, we had delicious food that was warm, rustic and very comforting! Perfect for a cold rainy evening! Coupled with the high energy of our surroundings, it was the makings for a great night!Happy 'NYE' Eats!
I typically don't like places that feel like a "scene", and just walking by NOPA gives you the idea that it is "the place" to be. Regardless, I always wanted to check it out. With the help of a very advanced reservation, we had dinner upstairs and it felt like our own quiet little corner of the place. We could look down at the bar-action over our balcony seat, but were just far enough away to muffle the sound of hooting Giants fans. My friend and I were being vegetarian for the night, and the menu had plenty of options for us. We shared a few hearty starters and never needed a full entree. The service was very attentive - like the whole upstairs was a completely separate restaurant, devoted to non-bar diners. Nice spot for a casual/ affordable date.The local art/ murals and co-ed bathroom give it a nice alternative touch. Enjoy the scene.
4.0 StarsNOPA has been sitting on my to try list for the longest time and I'm happy to have finally paid this restaurant a visit. You'll first notice the beautiful modern interior complete with high ceilings. The design of this space is nothing short of elegant. My friend and I decided to have an impromptu dinner here on a Saturday night and I'm glad we came for an early dinner. The host estimated a two hour wait. Yikes! Good thing you can order the same dishes at the bar so we made sure to hover around the next available seats. It's free for all at the bar so you have to be quick.Pro Tip: NOPA takes reservations a month in advance, so make a reservation if you can to avoid battling the person standing next to you for a seat at the bar. It's also a perfect date spot if you can score a reservation.Our meal started off with an amuse bouche consisting of a mini crostini with a smooth and creamy dates spread, served with sea salt.For our main dishes we ordered the following:Butternut Squash, Tzatziki, Olives, Pomegranate, and Spiced Chickpeas*The butternut squash took center stage over the green leaves. The squash wasn't overly mushy and had a nice sweetness to it. The pomegranates added some additional sweetness, but also some tartness too.*I liked to think of this dish as a Greek styled salad especially with the Tzatziki sauce and the Olives.*I loved the crunchy texture of the spiced chickpeas and they reminded of toasted croutons. Grilled Pork Chop, Wild Rice, Brussels Sprouts, Caramelized Onions, and Apple Mostarda*This dish was the main reason I've been so excited to come to NOPA. I've heard so many friends rave about how it was the most amazing pork chop they ever tasted because of how tender and juicy it was. I'll admit my overall pork chop was very moist, but I did run into sections that were on the drier side.*The other items on the plate really helped the pork chop to shine. All the ingredients blended so well together and I felt a celebration was being held on my tongue.*I thoroughly enjoyed the grilled Brussel Sprouts. Next time, I'll have to order a whole bowl of them as an appetizer.Pan Seared Rainbow Trout, Green Lentils, Chanterelles, Sherry Onions, and Upland Cress*I'm generally not a big fan of cooked salmon so I was slightly skeptical when I saw the pink shade of the rainbow trout. I was pleased to taste a very soft and tender fish. The rainbow trout also had a milder flavor than cooked salmon.*The skin on the trout was crispy and seared to perfection.*The chanterelle mushrooms were quite delectable from soaking in the various juices in the dish.To end our meal on a sweet note we tried the Sopaipillas with Cinnamon Caramel Sauce. These were square shaped puff doughnuts dusted with sugar and cinnamon. The doughnuts were airy and hollow in the middle so our server suggested we cut it in half to act like a pocket for the sauce. What an amazing idea! The Sopaipillas reminded me a churro with caramel sauce and there's nothing wrong with that.I had high hopes for the food, so this probably skewed my expectations slightly. All the dishes I tried were solid and tasted delicious, but nothing was orgasmic. Sadly, I can't bring my review for this restaurant to 5 stars with the long wait times and a slightly less stellar pork chop. I'd still recommend this restaurant to others, but make sure to get a reservation before coming here or expect to wait.== A MUST TRY! ==
Oh now I badly want to give you 5 stars, darn you tangy dishes!#1 SERVICEFirst off, AMAZING service. Each and every person who works at the restaurant must have taken some sort of "nice" class, because everyone was great and uber friendly. Extra impressive given how busy of a restaurant the place is and can easily feel very bougie.#2 SIT UPSTAIRS ABOVE THE KITCHENBest seat in the house is upstairs overlooking the kitchen. It's so fun to watch the cooks at work and see how passionate about what they do. #3 GREAT FOODOlive Oil Poached Albacore (appetizer, on menu 3 weeks/year) = WOW, AMAZING. I dont even eat raw tuna and flavor blew my mind.Porkchops = amazing, so tender and juicy. Love the stone fruit and veggie combo.Burger was good too, fries were tasty. You can taste the difference with grass fed beef!Now, for the negative dishes - the eggplant flatbread and broccoli side dishes were both OVERLY tangy. To the point that my I made a face each bite I had of it. Overall, still LOVED this place. Just a bit far for us potrero-hillers. Thanks NOPA!
I was at work today when a Coworker and I started talking about Pork Chops. This got me thinking about NOPA and how I still hadn't eaten there yet. So on the last day of 2010 I thought I would change that. After I got off of work I ran home and switched to the Weekend Whip and did a Romeo Must Die Run across the Bay Bridge to NOPA cranking old school hits on 98.1 that's how I roll. I rolled up to NOPA and found parking right in front. I wandered in and was able to be seated right away at the Bar. First impression Nice Open Space even tables up on the Balcony. I like the open kitchen. My server was the Bartender named Kent . Very cool dude. I started out with the Flat bread of Spicy Fennel Sausage,Carmelized Onions, Treviso and Crescensa this was very good and a burst of flavors. Yum . I also ordered Carifiena -Carnacha -Cabernet Sauvignon "Closa Batllet" -Prorat 2003 Ripoll Sans. This was an excellent Red. I also ordered for my main course the Country Pork Chop, Delicata Squash, Brussels Sprouts and Mustard Vinaigrette. This Pork Chop was the Best Pork Chop I have ever eaten in my life so far LOL. It looked like a Pork Chop on Steroids ,It was Thick Juicy and Flavorful I savored each bite. For Dessert I ordered a Pecan Tart -Black Pepper Caramel , Smoke & Bourbon Ice Cream . This was a great and decadent end to a excellent meal. NOPA lived up to everything Ive heard about them and more. It would make an excellent date place. Ill definitely return in 2011. i
Not to be redundant but I have to concur - their pork chop is soooo goooooddd. It's by no means small either. Oh how I dream of coming to Nopa every time I visit SF. Did I mention how good the pork chop is...Drool...My friend says their breakfasts are amazing but never have been yet. I wonder if there is a limit to how many times in a day you can eat at one place. Breakfast, lunch and dinner...hmmm.
Amazing food, excellent service, affordable prices!We got the flatbread pizza which had corn, bacon, and i forget which cheese but the ingredients were very fresh and delicious.The baked butter beans are good. They have an Italian tasting twist to them.The burger here is amazing as well (altho not as good at Farmer Brown's)Drinks here are all really good including wine and cocktails.The beignet dessert thing was good but I didnt care much for the syrup.The chocolate torte was good but dry. I think they overcooked ours.The service here is amazing!
F'n delicious. Sat at the chef's counter which is always my favourite as I get to watch the chefs cook and prepare all meals. The cocktails were delicious and the food was even moreso. Open late which is good as we came after a show. Fun and hip environment, without being too hipsterry but a fun night and good food.
They had me at hello. A warm and genuine greeting at the door. The room alive with a steady hum of eager energy. A large and gorgeous space, patrolled with synchronous grace by a team of hip and helpful staff. A straight view back to an open kitchen, rotisserie in the back, beckoning with the perfect chicken.Dining with two other food aficionados is the perfect opportunity to try half the menu, and try we did. The much-ballyhooed kale salad, tossed with pecans, mandarin orange and pecorino, was a great balance of fresh flavors and a good springboard for the richer offerings to come.  Our second appetizer was our favorite dish of the night: a beautiful medley of shaved asparagus, frisee, purple sherry onions, and smoked bacon, topped with a creamy poached duck egg. Every point on the taste spectrum was gloriously covered here.The rotisserie chicken had to be done. Moist, bronzed and deeply flavorful, our bird was paired with toothsome quinoa, bright green and brilliantly bitter rapini, a few plump raisins, and zippy romesco sauce.  Every component added a new dimension to the plate, a hearty bounty worthy of a New American Thanksgiving table.Homemade papparadelle with fennel sausage and pea tendrils offered a good contrast. The sauce was very light, the sausage zesty, the pea tendrils added a subtle earthy undertone. Our side dishes were superstars. The grilled broccoli was kissed by a briny anchovy vinaigrette which infused both the broccoli and the crispy breadcrumb tossed throughout. Perfectly roasted cauliflower was accented with honey and mint. And the fries - oh, the fries (which has caught our eye and prompted our order at the last minute) - were double-cooked crisp and graced with a potent Meyer lemon aioli. Throughout our meal, we were charmed and entertained by our knowledgeable server, whose big and welcoming personality, like that of this entire establishment, made us feel like Nopa was a second home for the night.
One visit, dinner. A somewhat mixed experience, but overall I like the place.The service was warm and efficient. Reservation and getting seated saw no issues at all--except that the reservation had to be made 3 weeks out.The amuse bouche was a little silly, it was a single green bean with some fancy salt. It was good, but I suppose I expected them to actually make something.The salads and sides we tried were outstanding and deserved 4 starrs. Of course I forget the exact dishes, but one was the giant white beans and another was a salad featuring roasted squash.The entrees were just OK. My pork chop was excellent, but borderline rare in parts. I realize that fine med rare pork is all the rage, but the texture was just a bit mushy. The side of cooked seeded grapes was not my favorite, especially after the outstanding other dishes we samples.My friend's duck was also in the OK range, not bad but not amazing.Cocktails were interesting, but often too sweet or did not feel correctly prepared.Everyone I know loves this place, so I will give it another go for sure, but I wonder if perhaps this is one of those places that used to be amazing and is now just OK.
Six of us went for dinner Easter Sunday. Food was good, but not WOW good. The pork chops were very good, the Cod, not so much. I still prefer the pork chops at Nicks in Los Gatos. Service was very attentive and knowledgeable. I had such high expectations that I was disappointed. Portions were small.
Ever since Anthony Bourdin made pork popular again (you don't hear people calling it the "other white meat" anymore do you?) people have been telling me that I have to try Nopa's pork chop. "The best pork chop ever" I was told, Really people? Never been a huge fan of the pork chops in particular, there are better cuts of pork out there.Anyway, the menu looked great so the wife and I rounded up two foodie friends and off to Nopa we went. A word of advice for you drivers, parking in this neighborhood sucks, give yourself an extra 15 minutes or so to find a spot. No garages or valet here.We truly made pigs of ourselves at Nopa, no pun intended. They have a great selection of mixed cocktail and beer. $9 beer, but good beer. The food,Apps:Wood grilled asparagus and egg mimosa - wtf is egg mimosa? Don't know, don't care. It was delicious.Flatbread with fava beans, sausage, pecorino - It just gets better, also deliciousRoasted sardines with butter beans, snow peas, salsa verde - I liked it, but the rest of my party didn't seem too enthusedSalad with spring lettuce, almonds, strawberries, fennel, pantaleo - Hard to get excited about a salad, it was ok.Fried baby artichokes - Amazing! Second best app after the asparagus.The Main Courses:The pork chop - Ok, it gets my vote for the best pork chop in the City. You all have to try it once.Halibut baked with romesco sauce with artichokes and chickpeas - Pretty damn good. My buddy inhaled it.Rotisserie chicken with goat cheese bread pudding - I know that a lot of people never order chicken at restaurants, but you'd be missing out if you didn't try this once.Desserts:Chocolate souffle and sopapillas. I didn't try the souffle since I was stuffed, but the sopapillas were sugary goodness.Obviously I'm recommending Nopa, cost about $50 per person plus tip.
i've been here for brunch and for dinner and had a great meal both times. Service was great, and for dinner, we sat at a table on the second floor next to the balcony. Loved people watching, looking at drinks being made at the bar, and our food being made in the kitchen. For dinner, we had the mussels for an appetizer, I had the chicken and hubby had the pork chops -- all delicious! Pork chops are definitely a must try. The second time, we went for brunch and I had the eggs and polenta, and they were so divine. One of the best polenta I've had, and I love polenta. Don't remember what hubby and cousin had but I know we all cleaned our plates -- so delicious!
This is how we ending our Monday!Trout and Pork Chop
Started w the goat cheese and pear crostini generous portion and scrumptious. I had the duck with asparagus and beets which was tender and also generous. He had the burger with fries. Burger received thumbs up and the fries were ok. Cocktails were inventive and tasty. $100 including tip and tax for two cocktails, 1 soda, app, and 2 entrees. Worth it for a special occasion. Loud, but not as bad as I feared. Sitting by the wall helped.
Good ambiance. Food is average, not worth the wait- much better burgers at other places in SF.
Amazing service, knowledgable wait staff( they realized we forgot our leftovers and ran down the street to give them to us!) great flavorful food. Amuse bouche and atmosphere were not my fav. Good rid-range place, but not a top 20 restaurant for me.
I have been here for dinner twice and brunch twice. The food and drinks are amazing.There is a terrific mix of people from young professionals at the bar to families at the tables and older couples also. Everyone seems comfortable here. Get reservations because it is and continues to be an incredibly popular place. Recommend highly!
First of all, don't ever come here without a reservation because the wait is horrendous. I'm in town for the weekend, and of all the people I've asked for dinner recommendations, all have said NOPA. So of course, this spot was a must try. It was 730 pm when I put my name down for a party of 6 and we were told we would be seated at 9. We weren't actually seated until 950. I was already super frustrated and impatient with the long wait and wasn't really excited for the food anymore. That's what being hangry does to you. Well anyway, the menu list changes often and the entrees are very limited. We ordered 4 appetizers to share and all got our individual entree. All of the appetizers are AMAZING. They're a bit on the pricy side, ranging from $8 to $16. My favorite was the flatbread but all was equally good. For the entree, I had the pork chop. Now usually, I don't even like pork. I was contemplating between pork chop or the burger but decided to do it fancy. The pork chop is cooked medium and had a pink center. I always thought pork couldn't be raw in any way because it contained diseases but I was told it's ok to do so when you're cooking with high quality organic pork. By the end of my meal, I was actually happy I stayed that long because the food here is as good as everyone claims it to be. The nice thing about small menus is QUALITY, and I'd take that over quality any day. Must try when you're in SF to all my oc friendsies :)
I love love love...Did I mention LOVE? NOPA! Definitely one of my favorite restaurants in the city. Found out about NOPA from Esquire Magazine a few years ago (my ex-bf read a great review and we checked it out). Glad we did because I come here with friends from time to time when I want late night good eats. This place is open late! I read that this is the restaurant that chefs come to when they get offa work. Hey, they gotta grab a good bite after work too...My favorite here is the Grass Fed Burger. That cooked medium well with cheddar or bleu cheese. Mmm mmm! It comes with fries and this AMAZING feta cheese dip that has a little kick to it. That dip is so good, that they won't let you take some home with you when you have food left over. I think they're afraid someone will crack their yummy recipe. The drinks here are good and decently priced. The one I tried was called the Old Cuban, I believe. It was good! I don't remember what was in it, just remember it being a good and strong drink. Their desserts are also VERY good! My favorite is their Mexican Coffee Ice Cream Sandwich! So tasty and served with almond milk- it's a must! It's not always on the menu, but they usually have an ice cream sandwich that comes with milk. Hits the spot every time! *Make reservations and give yourself plenty of time because parking around here is a total biznatch! I once drove around for a good 30-45 minutes trying to find a spot on the street.**If you love NOPA as much as I do and enjoy Mexican food, try Nopalito. They're not too far from NOPA and serve yummy eats as well. Enjoy!
My friend and I came to NOPA and it was awesome.The food, service & the space is amazing. The decor is nice & casual; The dining room is very open with a small second floor balcony that overlooks the first floor and the bar. There's a large community table near the entrance and a bar along one side of the dining room.I was a tad bit intimidated by the cocktail menu; i only recognize one thing in every drink...some of it was just "lime" or "lemon"... Anyhow, I asked the server for recommendations and he recommended the elderflower gimlet (which was not on the menu) and it was very good - light and refreshing. We ordered the baked goat cheese, pickled beets with crostini and it was really good. The pickled beets went so well with the goat cheese and crostini. This appetizer is better to share with a few people because it was hard for the two of us to finish. For an entree, I ordered the chicken and it was delicious. It was half a chicken served with some greens. The chicken was flavorful, juicy and tender. My friend ordered the tagliatelle and it was really good as well. The sauce is very rich and flavorful as well. To finish our food coma off, we had the blue bottle coffee cocktail and it was really good.One big disappoint for the night was that they did not have the porkchop on the menu! i guess this just means i have to make another trip back...darn it. :)
Awesome food, awesome drinks, great food. Make sure you make a reservation on every night of the week -- this place gets PACKED. All in all, a wonderful place for a date, drinks with a friend, or a place to take your parents.All things I have done.Enjoy!
One of my favorites...If you're having a bad day, come to the bar, order an Old Fashioned and an appetizer. Very friendly staff...
While visiting from Reno Nv, a friend of ours recommended Nopa for a good dinner. We didn't know that we needed reservations 2 to 3 weeks advance, WOW. The hostess told us, the bar is open and the big table by the window was open seating first come first serve. After waiting a bit the bartender noticed us standing by still waiting for a seat at bar or big table, he told the hostess about us, and she seated us at a regular table, Wow on that, and the food was excellent, and are dessert was great, as well as are server. Very nice waitress, I only give 5 stars, do to the fact, that our all around experience was excelled by being in the right place at the right time. What a beautiful evening for our first time to great atmosphere of a restaurant, thank you.
Beer selection= GOOD (this is very important to me, =)I had the burger, which was alright, nothing super special. My friend's chicken was tasty, but again... nothing mind blowing. We ordered a "sampler" type of hor dourves dish which came with a fingerling potato, half an egg, some random veggies, and some kind of... I think poached fish. It was good but literally looked like a plate with random sh*t on it. Only would come back because it's open kind of late.
Let me first say : "I DON'T EAT PORK, especially PORK CHOP" So if I'm giving this a 4-5 stars, it really says A LOT! For appetizer we had: Warm goat cheese with pickled beets and crostini - i LOVE cheese Bacon Flat bread - its a lot of flat bread! Entree: the infamous Pork chop - wow i was impressed. one word: JUICY. Like i said, I really don't eat pork chop.. I haven't had pork chop for at least 15-20 years. Rabbit - eh..I didn't really enjoy this. The dish was dry, with little flavor. Everything seem so gray... not so appetizing The place is loud, service was excellent, food was pretty good, I'll be back! Did I mention I came on a MONDAY NIGHT and it was PACKED? Business must be good for them :)
Finally got to eat at the restaurant which bears the name of the neighborhood in which I live and I must say it lived up to the hype. What was ever better is my friend had a travel stipend to spend and spend it we did. Don't judge our gluttony...goat consomme - really flavorful but not heavy, perfect starter.goat cheese crustini - come with apples and arugula and is decadently spreadable. yay mini-waldorf on bread.olives - their one real miss. the olives came mixed in with what looked like caramelized orange peels. I wasn't really feeling the citrus olive thing.Sturgeon on lentils - the curried lentils were a great pairing in both taste and texture.Albacore, Chickpeas, and Avocado - This was really the star of the night, and at $13 super reasonable. The flavors are just so spot on with the fried chickpeas adding the textural variety that could potential sink this amazing dish.
Probably the best french toast...ever. The small portion is one, huge thick-cut, piece of toast, which is so light and fluffy. The toast swims in the blood orange marmalade and is given a big dollop of honey lemon butter. Absolutely delicious.It's best to have a reservation or just be prepared to wait (the food is worth it).
We were running late by about 15 or 20 minutes. When we arrived, the kitchen was actually closed for lunch but they let us order anyway. A good start!The wife and I ordered immediately to expedite the process because we were starving and also didn't want to hold up the kitchen staff. I had the braised pork with brussel sprouts and butternut squash. It was perfectly prepared and delicious. My wife had the hamburger, which appears to be very popular, as I saw burgers on several other tables. She said it was great, and particularly enjoyed the red pepper feta dip. The setting is great too. Thanks, NOPA, for fitting us in and serving a great lunch!
Our dinner here was so enjoyable we walked in for brunch just a few days later, and can't wait to go back again!Both our servers were extremely helpful and showed excitement for what they were serving. The food was delicious in all of its simplicity.This place freakin' rocks, so glad it's in my neighborhood!
The best damn porkchop in town...hands down!Also the fresh toast at brunch is instant hangover relief. Also the drinks are superb and service is impecable.
Something oldSomething new Something borrowedSomething blueWedding Gift?Something stylishSomething casualSomething deliciousOne size fits allNOPA.Something creamySomething cheesySomething nuttyA satisfying crunchAmuse Bouche Crostini.Something with baconSomething with crescenzaSomething with squashAnd Caramelized OnionsMust Have Flatbread.Some seasonal veggiesSome lemon yogurtSome tomato brothRoasted Almonds on TopGorgeous Vegetable Tagine.A bite of Grilled TroutA bite of Pasta and Fennel SausageA bite of Pork ChopMy Favorite DishSevere Pork Envy.Pumpkin Souffle CakeDulce de Leche Ice CreamGinger Cake and PearsIn a Pool of Crme Anglaise.--------UPDATE 2/2012: Three WordsCUSTARDFRENCHTOASTgoo.gl/rEJUj
Through a friend's recommendation, my boyfriend and I decided to come here on a random night to have dinner. We were hungry and plus my boyfriend told me that if the niners win the game that night then he would take me out for dinner...so thank you niners!Our friend said that this is where all the SF chefs go to eat and we can definitely understand why. You know how when you watch travel chanel or food network they show all the famous chefs/food critiques meet at a certain restaurant to hang out --this place is probably one of those. The vibe of the restaurant is a mixture of laid back and fine dining...very casual but you know that the food you're getting will be exquisite! We had the following:-Complimentary amuse bouche (crunchy, buttery crostinni with goat cheese and sea salt)-Chicory Salad with Poached egg (we were fighting for the last bite...i wish it was a larger portion)-Porkchop (this is as good as it gets! i would have cleaned off the bone if we were eating at home...)- Duck Breast (I usually don't like duck but this one was buttery and not gamy at all! I love how they paired it with pears...)-I forgot the specific name of what we had for dessert but it was a blondie with vanilla bean ice cream and bacon caramel brittle...delish! We sat at the chef's counter which was a treat because we get to watch all the action while we're eating...I heard we were also lucky because we didn't make dinner reservations but we didn't wait at all for a spot (granted of course we got there about 20 minutes before service...)It wasn't cheap (around $55/person ) but I thought it was worth it for the caliber of the place. Why the 4 stars you ask? I took one out because of the snooty maitre d! Girlfriend (he was a dude actually...) needs to stop acting like he owns that damn place....
Sunday brunch....standing room only....make a reservation!We went with the following...*Goat Cheese Bread Pudding w/ Sauted Chanterelles and Upland CressBread puddings can sometimes be heavy... this was light and flavorful.*Oven Baked Farm Egg w/ Spiced Tomato, Shaved Pantaleo and Grilled BreadSo,so good. We slopped up every last bite of the spice laden sauce with our toasty bread. It seemed to have every spice under the sun in it (cardamon, cinnamon, cumin, coriander) but it worked.*Grass Fed Hamburger - Bacon, Pickled Onions and Herbed French FriesThe burger was perfectly pink and juicy and the fries were a thicker version of In-N-Out but much better tasting.
The service is really good here. The arrangement of the space is set up for seeing and being seen, and the clientle seems to dress accordingly. It gives a buzz to the atmosphere, but this can also be a bit distracting. The food was fine - nothing too special about the dishes we ordered. Tasty but not exciting or memorable. In the butter beans dish we got, the breadcrumbs were quite good - wish there had been more of them...While it has a very different menu, their little brother Nopalito is much more approachable, interesting and satisfying.
It has taken me a long time to finally try NOPA, but the journey has ended. If there is anyone out there who still doubts that NOPA is a place where all calories are possible, who still wonders if the dream of our appetites is alive in our time, who still questions the power of our metabolism, tonight is your answer. Yes, I can...Yes, I can...Yes, I can! Sue me, I got caught up in the moment, but NOPA was pretty damn good. I have to admit I like that they're open until 1AM. Jamie and I had a reservation for 11PM which sounds very European of us, doesn't it? I had requested a second floor table so I could take in the bustling scene below. The place was still packed with diners at their hour, and it make you wonder (if momentarily) whether we are truly going through a recession. Things started on a high note with one of the best cocktails I've had in a long time...the $9 Blue Bottle Martini, which had vodka, araku, and you guessed it, Blue Bottle espresso nicely chilled (see my photo). Decadent, truly decadent. They actually had it on the dessert menu, but I just couldn't wait. For our starter, we shared an $8 Salad of Baby Lettuces, Apples, Toasted Walnuts and Grated St. George (see my photo) which had just the right mix of textures and flavors. Fresh with just a mild vinaigrette marinating the lettuce leaves. We also went for the $10 plate of Little Fried Fish, Lemon and Kalamata Olive Aioli. A nice crunchy treat...I think the fishies were smelt. Before getting our entrees, we got a free amuse bouche...Apple Slices with Almond Butter and Rock Salt (see my photo). It was like something your mom would make you after school, only a lot classier. Jamie went for their classic $12 Grass Fed Burger with Sharp Cheddar, Pickled Onions and French Fries (see my photo). The meat was so fresh, thick and juicy that it really didn't need the cheese at all. I think I would have preferred raw onions over the pickled ones, but that's just quibbling with this level of quality. I went high-end and had the $24 Duck Breast, Apple Sauce, Wild Rice, Toasted Farro and Pomegranates (see my photo). It's a very generous serving and most tasty if you're into fat quackers. We ended our meal with a shared dessert, the $8 Dark Ginger Cake, Caramelized Pears and Nocino Cream (see my photo). The cake was moist and the pears a nice sweet touch. I think I still like Chow's Ginger Cake a bit better simply because the pumpkin ice cream is the perfect complement to the ginger taste. We were quite full, but I realized this was my chance to answer the call. This is my moment to reclaim the American dream and reaffirm that fundamental truth, that, out of many, I am one; that while I breathe, I hope. And where I am met with cynicism and doubts and those who tell me that I can't have my ginger cake, I will respond with that timeless creed that sums up the spirit of a people: Yes, I can. FOOD - 4.5 stars...excellent American bistro food, nice ingredients, well turned AMBIANCE - 4.5 stars...rather noisy but a festive place to be with friends and have a relaxing meal without having to posture SERVICE - 5 stars...really attentive without being intrusive TOTAL - 5 stars...why? because I can...Yes, I can!
Great cocktails and delicious food. The burger was good but the pork entree was better.
I adore NOPA! We came here for a work dinner during the holidays and I sure gave Santa a run for his money by eating my way through more appetizers and main dishes than a little lady like me should ever be allowed to eat! We had an area upstairs which was a bit tight for the larger dudes in our party but it was wonderfully intimate and allowed everyone to be close enough to have great conversation. The pork chops were fantastico but funny enough my favorite dish was the brussel sprouts! I think it's because we don't really have a lot of brussel sprout action in Honolulu so those itty bitty cabbages really turned me on in a different way. Be sure to share when you eat here because the portions are ginormous and I personally love to eat a little bit of everything when I head to a restaurant for the first time.Service was really amazing and our waitress always made sure our cocktail and wine glasses were filled. If I was to come back with just me and my BF I think I'd eat at the bar and enjoy all the fun people watching. Cool, casual, yet refined. Sounds like I found true love at Nopa...
Okay - overall I think NOPA deserves a solid 3.5 stars. The food and service is good, and the ambience is pretty cool.  I definitely think this restaurant is way too overhyped. I have been trying to get a reservation for two for quite a while and it has been pretty close to impossible. Luckily, yesterday, probably because of a cancellation, I was able to book a table for two for that same night. Finally! Service:   Spot on, friendly, and not overbearing. Ambience/Decor:  There is definitely a trendy, "hip", vibe and it did get a little loud because of how crowded it was (even on a Monday night). It reminded me a little of the scene at the Mission's Beretta or the Marina's Delarosa. We were seated in the small upper balcony area, which was cool because we could see everything happening below, from the open kitchen, to the bar. Food:  * Tomato Salad, with mint, basil, mozzarella: This was my favorite thing we ordered.   It was simple, but also, refreshing, light, and delicious.  * Flatbread, with fennel sausage, gruyere, peppers, and arugula: I followed Yelp highlights and ordered the flatbread, which was a little disappointing for being in SO many reviews. I'm pretty sure NOPA changes the flatbread toppings seasonally, so maybe the past toppings have been better.  * Rotisserie chicken, with corn: The chicken was tender, but I wasn't impressed by the dish as a whole (maybe the chicken at Zuni has spoiled me). The corn, served on the cob, was slathered in some sort of chipotle-lime mayo or something and sprinkled with feta which was definitely overkill. The sauce was good, but there was way too much of it on the corn - we are talking many many spoonfuls of mayo slabbed on the corn - not good.* Grilled Zucchini, with beets, and yogurt sauce: This was a side we ordered with our main entree and it was delish! Definitely order this veggie side dish with your meal!Altogether, it was a little disappointing, and even though a couple of the dishes were good, they were nothing to call home about. I would go back and give NOPA another try, because the food is decent, but wish me luck getting a reservation!Summary: Overhyped.
Their food is legit. Loved the food, loved their unpretentious aura, and loved the service.If I were you, I'd go with their pork chop dish (their menu changes but I'm guessing their options don't stray far from key ingredients which are chicken, pork chop, some type of fish - trout?, burger, vegetarian dishes).
Not sure what all the hype is with this place. I came here for dinner, and I thought the food was good but not great. Nothing memorable or mind-blowing. I have heard brunch is the best, so perhaps that's why they get great ratings. But shouldn't a great restaurant be able to deliver great food for ALL meals?I like the atmosphere and vibe of this place. Really happening bar... seems very social. Even though we sat upstairs, we felt the great energy in the space. Not easy to achieve, so kudos to that.Service also very attentive, even during the peak dinner hours. However, the food was just ok. - Tomato salad was fresh. I do appreciate great tomatoes!- Duck breast was chewy. Portion size was huge. Seriously, it was a huge breast! I think this duck must have had back problems growing up. - The bolognese, despite being cooked for 9-hours, doesn't have that intense rich savory flavor that you would expect. meh...- We had a couple more dishes but honestly they weren't that memorable. Overall, the food is not worth the wait and struggle of trying to get into this place.
Keep.your umbrella !! Asked to 'store' my umbrella as I entered. When I left it was GONE !! Thanks staff !! No one was willing to listen. Everyone was toooo busy.First and last time for me !!
First things first, make a reservation. For sure. We visited NOPA for brunch on a Sunday and there was a line out the door prior to its 11am opening. Lucky for us, we had a table waiting thanks to reservations. The restaurant reminded me somewhat of Elizabeth Faulkner's Orson with loft-like ceilings in a huge space, yet still retaining a neighborhood feel. The bar area was large and quite vibrant.We decided to order a variety of things to sample and share:- Oven baked farm egg: An over-easy egg marinated in spiced tomato and topped with shaved pantaleo. Served with grilled bread, this was a unique and FANTASTIC dish. Enough for one, or an appetizer portion to share among two.- Butter basted farm eggs: Eggplant caponata, tomatoes, and crispy fried polenta served with over-easy eggs. Again, each of the components were super tasteful and great accompaniments with one another. - Custard french toast: This was served with pearl apples, maple butter, and syrup. One of the most fluffy, moist orders of french toast that I've had. Overall, NOPA was a fabulous dining experience! I'm looking forward to checking out the dinner scene here, which I imagine would be equally good.
A 4 or a 5...Not 4.5? Well I'll give it a 4 because ther must be some room for improvement. We had salad, the roasted beans and the vegetable tangine. All good. I want to go back to try the meats. Chicken, hamburger or steak. All would be welcome on my plate. We finished with warm olives, very succulent.The odd thing was the waitress commented on our order as if she didn't approve of our choices. I don't need to have her input, not unless she's eating with us.I would like to go again. We walked here after Happy Hour at Bar Crudo. It's best to have a reservation...get it 2 to 3 weeks early.
As I thought....I LOVED IT!!! Came here for my birthday and NOPA did not disappoint. Had the sunrise fix to start, very tasty but a bit bitter which I liked but others did not.Started with the flat bread they had on the menu which was AMAZING! Then I had the homemade pasta dish with sausage which was very good. My date had the pork chop which as everyone mentioned was super moist and delicious. We also shared the corn which was also very good. Our meal was ready very quickly, like 5 minutes after the flat bread came out which was kinda weird but our waitress apologized and we told her it wasn't a big deal. But at the end of the meal when we decided we were to full to try dessert they still brought us a dessert on the house for not making a big deal on the timing of the meal which was very nice of them. Of course a big tab as we had a huge meal but totally worth it- cant wait for another special occasion to go back :)
Wait was long but expected. Loved their porkchop and burger. The appetizer with the goat cheese and strawberry was surprisingly delish. definitely recommend for brunch or late dinner.
Wow!! This place is certainly worth it. My brother and I came here for brunch. we didn't have reservations, but it was just the 2 of us, and we were seated right away. service was great, our waitress was very attentive. great vibe, great ambiance. i'll definitely be back when i visit SF again!
Truly excellent dinner here. We stopped in for a very late dinner and had the baked orrecchiette with meat sauce, chard, and mozzarella, topped with bread crumbs. It was on the rich side but was truly divine. We also shared a chocolate mousse that was excellent. It came with a side of hazelnut biscotti that I think they should add to every cup of tea/coffee that is ordered - it was delicious. The server was a bit surly, maybe because it was on the late side, but the atmosphere and food more than made up for it. The ceilings are huge and they have an open kitchen where you can watch chickens being turned on a rotisserie. Despite the hour, the place was packed.Can't wait to go back.
+ + + + +:+ good late night eating that does not equate to grease+ grass-fed burger with fries ($13) was delish! bun not overwhelming and meat so amazing! say no to corn-fed beef!+ got seated promptly at midnight as we straddled in from a house-party+ vibe was great! lots of neighborhood residents, dressy stylistas, and foodies+ service was great! from host to server it was great!+ loved the open high ceilings! so spacious here! any semblance of a washer-dryer place is gone!+ desserts included 4 warm, dark chocolate cookies with almond milk $8 was pricey but i was in a splurging mood+ great for groups of 4-6 around midnight if no reservations made+ nopa (north of panhandle) is a neighborhood gem and worth the hunt for street parking - - - - :- don't expect diner prices! it is a bit $$$ for a late-night stomach pang but worth it! this really should be in the plus section.- gotta street park it
despite the loooong wait. it helped that bi-rite ice cream was right next door. the food was amazing!! i think what helped in our visit was we sat at the bar which faced the kitchen and it was so interesting watching the chefs in action. it made me appreciate my dish even more.also we had an excellent waiter. he knew his food, explained everything to us, and even had us try extra tastes on the side which enhanced the flavoring of our dinner. they change their menu seasonally which my hippie husband appreciates.
We wanted to see what the hype was about. So we book a month advance and was by far worth it. Started with the baked butter beans and cauliflower with snap peas and dates. Both pretty good. The beans were great with the oregano pesto. I got the Parpadelle with fennel sausage and nettle panna. SERIOUSLY GOOD! The sausage was amazing the pasta was perfect and the sauce , well good thing they gave me a spoon other wise sims bowl licking might if happened. My boyfriend got the pork chop, super tender and juicy. Really good! And lay we got the coffee pot de creme that was infused with some earl grey, toffee bits and butery shortbread cookies. Realllly good and I hate earl grey but loved this. His dessert was the winner tho, he got the sopapillas with cinnamon caramel sauce. OMG like bites of heaven! All said and done, it lived up to its talk and than some. Now we need to go back and try the burger! And more!
I am *this* close to being the 2000th review. What does (nearly) 2000 reviews with a 4-star average tell you? It tells you that you should come to Nopa.Nopa was my intro to classy eating in SF. Prior to Nopa, I'd visited SF on a student's budget. This meant Ramen, playing tug-of-war with rats for veggie burgers and the occasional hipster shanking for a measly $.15. Times were tough, y'all! But, visiting the city as a fully functioning adult, I was able to apprise myself of SF's fineries. One of which is Nopa.Come here for top-notch service, surprisingly healthy meal portions, poutine (ask if they still offer it), cocktails crafted with such skill Hephaestus and Dionysus would be envious, one of the best pork chops I've ever had, and a poached pear you will not want to share.Pass on the squab.If the food and service isn't enough, the environs are cozy *and* chic (nice combo) and the customers are pretty. There's so much to take in at Nopa it can seem like an assault on the senses. But, I doubt you'd press charges.
We loved this place, until my boyfriend found a maggot on his beloved Nopa burger on his birthday. The waiter's response was "I see you've encountered the perils of organic food." That was more obnoxious than the bug. I rarely order chicken at restaurants, but I order it every time here. Chicken and burgers are the best things on the menu, and their desserts and cocktails are delicious, too. You'll have a good meal, but be prepared for a little bougie douchiness. Hosts at the front are always super friendly and nice, though!
There are some interesting menu items that didn't disappoint (i.e. goat cheese and pear crostini), however, overall the food didn't really match the price. As for the atmosphere, it's new and pretty, cool interior design scheme. However, as another reviewer mentioned, the tables are awfully close together and it seemed like kind of a Pleasantville commercial, read: no diversity, sweater vests, and pouffy newscaster hair. I would recommend just stopping in here for a drink and maybe an appetizer with a friend/ friends after dinner or before going out to the bars-- but I wouldn't make it my main attraction of the night.
This place came recommended from a friend while we were in SF on vacation and it was the best move we made all trip. We had the porkchop, chicken, and fusilli. I don't know how chicken can be so good but it was amazing. For dessert we had the semifredo which was amazing. We were seated upstairs and it was pretty warm up there- but it was also an out of the ordinary 86 degree day so that was understandable. Service was great, everyone was super friendly. Place has a really cool vibe. No need to get dressed up. This place definitely lived up to the hype.
One of the best brunch places in the neighborhood. Totally worth the wait. Be prepared for long lines. Amazing ambience even if it means you'd have to sit at the bar.Recommended: Grilled Whole Grain Bread - Meyer Lemon Marmalade
We just ordered appetizersWe loved the flatbread of spicy fennel sausage and the avocado saladThe roasted squash ricotta and hazelnuts with brown butter sage was niceThe curried cauliflower and dates was goodWe want to go back and sit at bar. They have unique drinks with mezcalThe muni stops right at their cornerIs pretty loud in there, our waiter had a soft voice, couldn't hear a word he said.....
One of my favorite place in San Francisco! The goat cheese appetizer is terrific! As well as the whole menu!
This place opens at 5pm technically, but they only have bar service. My girlfriend and I came in at 5 and sat at the bar and ordered from their "snacks" menu. In reality, they are appetizers. We got their Got cheese bread pudding and their smoked trout. Both of them were unreal in how good they were. The smoked trout had just the right level of fishiness on top of its toasted bread. The Bread pudding was very savory, and the juxtaposition of the crispy edges and the soft center really made it for me. We chatted with the bar-tender while we waited for the dinner menu to be given out at 6. We both ordered the grass fed burger medium rare. The burger was spectacular, and the pickled onions they gave on the side really went well with it. Great flavor, texture, and very juicy. This burger is right up there with the likes of Umami if you are familiar with theirs. The fries were less than awesome but still good. What set them apart was the basil-garlic aioli dipping sauce that came on the side. Bowl-licking-clean good.
My husband and I dined at Nopa recently while visiting friends in SF. I had heard great things about Nopa (even in LA) and thankfully the experience lived up to the hype. The ambiance is great and the servers were very nice and friendly. The food was amazing -- everything we ordered was fantastic. I highly recommend the goat cheese crostini, brussel sprouts and the pappardelle.
Dinner at NOPA = the way to this girls heart.Hands down still my favorite place to have dinner in the city. I typically try and stay off the foodie bandwagon and make my own decisions. I don't care if the dinner is $11 or $36- it only matters if it is good.Like RN74, this food communicates something to you- the playfulness of spices mixed with different meats and veggies to combine a delightful eating experience.As an example: Duck leg with roasted figs partnered with grains and hazelnuts made for a great season opener to fall. They change their menu up, so coming here often guarantees a different flavor each visit- on my prior visit I had a pumpkin flatbread and roasted Rabbit. Meals are still affordable (most would be $26 for an entree) which could be the reason people flock here for dinner.Eating here will make you feel like you have satisfied your inner foodie.
Have you had the french toast? if not, go there now. get it. eat it. love it.
Sooooo overrated. You know when a movie comes out and everyone hypes it up so much, then you watch it and wonder what the big deal is? That's Nopa. First, the food is not that great. I had the supposedly amazing french toast and granted it was decent, but not anything spectacular. I also came for dinner with my brother and we asked the waiter what the go-to menu item was, and he couldn't give us a straight forward answer (I know, weird considering we're in SF). And lastly, first time some friends and I came in when we were brand new to the city, asked how long the wait was, and the hostess said 2 hrs and 45 minutes with such an obnoxious tude. Again, place is decent, but better options all over SF.
Had the chance to visit Nopa again last nite and, as usual I was blown away. The pork chop has to be the very best that San Francisco has to offer, the bartenders are quick and energetic, and the waitstaff is always friendly and professional. I highly recommend NOPA cuz they never disappoint.
Simply our favorite restaurant in SF! The food is amazing, the cocktails are delicious, and the place stays open well into the AM. What more can you ask for? Been here dozens of times and never had a bad experience.
I decided to give NOPA another chance, because I want to like you so much, I really do.Gabby (who's a manager, I think) was awesome. My friend knew her and she was so sweet and welcoming. She got this place another star.Our waiter was also really nice and chatty and the food was a lot better than the last time I was here, they laid off the salt. I think last time they were just having an off night.Service was 10x faster and more attentive.I'll be back NOPA, you've redeemed yourself.
Loved my Saturday Brunch here.  It looks like you need reservations, luckily my friends made one and got a table right on time.We ordered an assortment of food. - the grilled bread- tasted very fresh and served with butter and jam- walnut rosemary scone- served with clotted cream- sooo yummy, not dry at all, and it got eaten so fast.- oven baked egg- not exactly what i was expecting, as it came in a small skillet with the egg sitting in the middle of a cream sauce and grilled bread on the side, however it tasted just fine. -slow cooked pork- very good- again odd presentation in a low stone skillet-butter basted farm eggs- flavorful dishcocktails:sunshine fix- kind of a twist on a mimosa, but more tangycardamon grapefruit- its non-alchoholic, but sooo refreshing.The service was good here, they were very accommodating seating us and waiting for the last member of the group to arrive.
Nopa's a very classy joint with some very classy people and drinks and food. So I was pleasantly surprised to see how nice they were to us when we showed up wearing some ridiculous costumes from a themed picnic and already ten sheets or so to the wind. Nevertheless, they welcomed our nasty asses with open arms and served up beautiful cocktails as well as some yummy nibble food such as French fries with with pesto dipping sauce and a delectable caprese salad. My night was about to take a turn for the worst when I realized that despite all of my best efforts, I lost track of my sunglasses. I asked all of the bartenders to keep an eye out but didn't really expect to find them again. But right when I was about to take off, a very nice waiter approached me and said he found them under a table. Whereas most people in the world would swipe an anonymous pair of sunglasses, he remembered and had the decency to hunt me down to return them. If you're reading this sir, thanks again so much and sorry if my passionate hug made you uncomfortable!The ambiance was very nice and it was bustling late into a thursday night. I loved that the cool feel of the place didn't equal a snotty attitude, which is more than I can say for some other classy bars I visited that week.I'm looking forward to coming back here with a normal outfit on so that I can enjoy more of the food and the stellar service at this hip and happening place!
Great cocktails, wine list, pork chop, burger and little fried fish! Hard to get reservations but its worth the wait. If you go early you can sit at the bar that serves the same food which is pretty fun as well
I finally got my hands on their delectable Custard French Toast. Oh boy, it was like eating warm pudding. I ordered the 1/2 order, which is 1 piece of toast and I could barely finish it..it was super rich. When I enjoyed my leftovers the next day for breakfast, it was just as good.
My girlfriends had me choose where to eat for my birthday this year. I had heard soo many positive things about Nopa, that it's been on my list of places to try for quite some time now. Great food, service, and atmosphere. My order:-Flatbread-Grass fed hamburer, pickled onions and french fries-Sopiallas
I love the environment here! Though the prices would suggest otherwise, NOPA is open, airy, and does not have a too serious or romantic kind of vibe. Perfect for a non-suggestive casual dinner. We sat upstairs... Prime people watching spot over the balcony rails. Five dollars to whoever could land a piece of bread into someone's plate of food; 20 if you make it into the wine glass. We decided to refrain from such shenanigans since my friend was a usual here. Instead I took solace in nomming on their famous medium cooked porkchop (that oddly reminded me of Chinese Roast Pork) and sipping on wine so dry it made me thirsty.
There are a TON of reviews on NOPA and it has gotten a lot of print from SF Chronicle and Eater website.I was in town for business and thought I would stop by to see what it was all about, especially since San Fran is such a mecca for foodies and epicureans. I got there at 6:30 on Friday and already the seats at the bar and the community table were full. I stood at the end of the community table and ordered a glass of wine. The first glass of wine was a bit short, as I got maybe 5 to 6 sips and it was gone. So, I am figuring for $12, I got 4 oz. I made a note to the waiter and the next glass was spot on, about 7-8 oz, which is a very good pour, so I was happy. I was able to grab a seat at the community table in 30 minutes or so. Being solo, it was a lot of fun mingling with people around me. Some restaurants have the same concept, but with NOPA, it works. However, by the time I left a couple hours later, it was significantly more crowded. Almost too much. I ordered the organic Kale salad and the grilled fish, which came over lentils, mixed with Brussel spouts. The entry was on par with what I have experienced at Holeman and Finch in Atlanta and the Kale salad was fresh and generous, with blood oranges and a nice, but not over-powering creamy dressing. Overall, I would give my meal 4 out of 5 stars. The service was surprisingly good, given how crowded it was. I really never had to wait long for my drinks, or my food, but I could tell that the tempo slowed downed as NOPA reached max capacity and the kitchen started to get more tickets. The bar was another story. After I finished dinner, I *tried* to get a drink, but at 10 PM on a Friday, they were two-deep at the bar and waiting 10 minutes is about as long as I would wait. For this, I give NOPA 4 stars and not 5. If you are traveling, on an expense account, or just want to enjoy a hip, San Francisco neighborhood restaurant that is a cut above the norm, then NOPA is the place for you. I would suspect that it would not be as crazy earlier in the week, but then again, good resturants always find a way to keep a strong following.
2000 yelp reviews can not be wrong!!!NOPA is indeed a splendid restaurant. I really love the appetizers....um flat breads are amazing, warm goat cheese, beets, and crostini amazing.Our Waiter Chris G was great. Warm, efficient, and very helpful.I was really underwhelmed by the pasta dish...just not that good...although the burgers, pork chop and chicken looked really good.The deserts are heavenly!!! The warm sopapilla with burnt orange caramel...is transcending...think beignets....warm, sweet, orgasmic. The pecan pie with bourbon vanilla ice cream was also just fantastic.The wine list is very eclectic, pretty pricey, but very very good. Offering something for everyone. Different regions, varietals and sizes.The location is great I love divisadero....the hood. Parking is a real challenge. My recommendation is to make an early reservation 6:30 before people look for parking...there is also a garage near by.I will definitely be back!
Originally I was planning to give NOPA 2 stars when I got my entree,.I ordered the London Broil and the meat was extremely tough, so tough, I couldn't chew and swallow it. I have never had meat so tough. I originally thought it was because the meat was medium rare, so I asked our waiter Emmanuel if they were able to cook the meat some more. He took it back to the kitchen, cooked the meat some and re-plated the dish for me. I took the first bite of the cooked meat and it was a lot easier to chew/swallow, but it was still to TOUGH to eat. I left my plate untouched and wasn't to happy that i will be paying $26 for a plate of nasty meat.My friend and I asked for the check with my entree still left untouched. Emmanuel asked me if everything was okay. I told him that the meat was to tough and I could not chew and swallow it. He stated he will be more than happy to take the London Broil off our check.WOW, it instantly made me ;)Thanks to Emmanuel for his super customer service and putting his customers first. I will def come back to NOPA and give this place another shot. This time I will have the burger that everyone has been talking about on YELP!Also, when I got up to use the restroom and put my towel down. One of the staff member picked up the towel, folded and propped it back on my seat. My friend stated,. "that only happens at Gary Danko"! _________________________________________________________My friend and I ordered the giblet cocktail w/ grey goose. We also had the fried mini fishes, which were delicious. I was expecting small korean sardines, but these were the size of my fingers, perfect fried fishes dipped in a yellow type sauce. It was good ;)We also ordered the fries with the special sauce. They were just regular fries dipped in a orangy thick salsa tasting dip. Will not order this again unless I am with a big group. These fries were to filling on top of our entrees and would probably go better with drinks only. We also had the pork chop. It tasted like chinese roast pork. This dish didn't stand out to me as much, but def way better than my London Broil. If you like pork, you would love this dish. LONDON BROIL - NO WAY! Do not order this dish unless you like chewing on tough ol meat and having to force the meat down your throat!!Next time I come back, I will have to try the burger and also the flat bread appetizer!!
I went here for one main reason the Pork Chop. And I must say, given the thickness of the cut and the tenderness/moistness of the meat, I am definitely a fan. It's been about a month since I've went tho and I can specifically remember the flavor of the chop tho so I can't give it 5 stars. I was also able to try some of the other dishes at Nopa and I would def recommend the fresh pasta that they serve.Overall I'd say Nopa is a great casual place to eat with friends. Make reservations ahead of time for sure. The portions are solid and prices are fair given that it's so popular. Definitely at least share a pork chop if you go. Enjoy!
I still think about their soft scrambled eggs. I came here after Color Run (and a shower) and decided to eat here alone while my friend ran off to Japan. So it was me + luggage. I arrived a few minutes after they opened and it was already busy. Off my backpack went to coat check and I was seated by the kitchen. If you like watching beautiful people doing their beautiful thing, get a seat here. You don't even need a brunch partner. I had an americano (g'damn it was strong), soft scrambled eggs and a half serving of the french toast/custard mouth bomb. Poor server dude tried to warn me that it was way too much food and he was right, but the leftovers were just as good.The french toast shouldn't be called french toast, it's more like a cake/custard with a light crispy top. It's really good. I was really happy with this meal, it lived up to all my expectations. The staff are so smiley and helpful and the food is hearty (but somehow also light?) and delicious.
Service could have been warmer and more welcoming but the food was pretty darn impressive. You could actually taste the grass in the grass fed burger which sounds a little weird but it was good. Plus, nopa makes the best thick-cut fries that I've ever had. The pasta in the pappardelle was super fresh but I thought the 9hr bolognese could have been more spectacular. As for dessert, get the milk and cookies. Each cookie is very special in its own way. This place is great for a romantic but cool and casual date. I'm a big proponent of making reservations as it seems every time I do, I get great seats. This time, I was seated upstairs in a cozy but spacious corner which gave me an open view of the kitchen. Not only was it a great spot for people watching but also for kitchen watching. I saw every kind of dish being made so by watching the cooking process, it was a great way to eat with my eyes first, and then with my mouth. But of course, I didn't eat everything from the kitchen.
We went here as a group of 4 at 5 for a shot at the communal table. We were fortunate enough to come in at 4:55 and be immediately seated. They don't take names for the waitlist till 5 and dinner orders aren't taken until 6. Thankfully they have a good selection of beers and offer a small snack menu so you don't get too drunk in the hour wait.We had pappardelle pasta and it was amazing. I've had a similar dish in LA and the seasoning and homemade noodles/sausage blew that one out of the water. Truly recommend.The porkchop is everything its said to be. It is cooked to perfection being slightly pink in the middle and a great crust/sear on the outside. I wish they offered some kind of carb to go with the dish but it is served with some greens and blood oranges. I believe the menu is seasonal and changes frequently.Hopefully I can get a reservation for a table but I have to recommend the communal table for great food with strangers.
Had a HORRIFIC experience. Please read on. Made reservations to come here at night on a weekend. We ordered their famous pork chop. Waiter brings it out and it's RAW. And by RAW, I don't mean pink, red, rare, or even bloody. No, the center of it is PURPLE and cold to the touch. We politely notify our waiter and ask him to have a look. He comments, "Oh, yea it looks a little underdone, I'll send it back." A little underdone?!?! You got to be kidding me, bro. No one eats PURPLE pork chop! Fast forward 10 minutes. Waiter comes back with the SAME pork chop we just sent back. Nopa is a nice, upscale restaurant. Don't reheat the same meat you just served us RAW! Bring us out a new slab!Okay, so we cut into the meat, and guess what?! It's still PURPLE! So not only do you try to cut corners and save a couple dollars by not giving us a new order, you're incapable of serving meat safely. This is a HEALTH AND SAFETY issue. People can get PARASITES from raw pork. To top off our terrible experience at Nopa, when we tell the waiter they screwed up again, he didn't offer us anything. No offer of a complimentary dessert, no offer of a complimentary meal, and NO APOLOGY. Received our check and saw that we weren't charged for the pork--the bare minimum they could do. I also did the bare minimum and left them a tip of $0.
I've been here twice for brunch only. I haven't been able to get a decent reservation time for dinner yet. Still waiting for a table to open up at some point on Opentable. I think it is easier to come here for brunch or late night meal versus dinner at a reasonable hour. My two brunch experiences here were great. The custard french toast is amazing and their egg dishes are great - I had the oven baked eggs one time and the soft scrambled eggs the other time.They serve Blue Bottle Coffee in the impeccable Heath ceramic mugs. The space is also great. There are some seats on a second floor balcony area but most of the restaurant has this amazing loft ceiling.
Over the years I think I must have tried makinga rezo here about, oh 20 times. It's out of the way and usually out of mind too, so I always think of it 1-2 weeks ahead of the time I'd like to stop in. Every single time I try, I am shot down.Finally I wised up and made reservations for Father's Day in plenty of time and got in!We all enjoyed our meals, the servers and the drinks.I will definitely be back!
I only wish I could come back, again and again. Nopa gets an A for a great selection of drinks, excellent service, and delicious food.We came on a Saturday night and the place was packed. We managed to grab a few seats at the bar. Warning: the cocchi cup was not good at all, much too sweet for my tastes. I ended up ordering the Magnolia Brewery blue bell bitter. The bartender was really nice and let me try a few different beers before committing to this one. We ordered the warm goat cheese, pickled beets, and crostini. The warm goat cheese was fantastic! I usually hate goat cheese because it tastes too... er, goat-ish, but this one did not have the usual tangy, disgusting aftertaste. I also tried the malted milk dessert, which was so good! Unfortunately, it came with two small chocolate cookies, which were dry and boring.
Awhile ago; we came into Nopa and probably had the BEST pork chop I've ever had.... I dreamt it.... drooled about the memory of that experience. It was a beautiful thick cut porky slap of meat, with the delicious bone, topped with some arugula and shaved kumquats with a side of roasted brussel sprouts.I was in love. The service was probably a tad bit less than adequate since we had to wave down servers to get our water bottle refilled but the pork chop made up for it. We also got an awesome side of the grilled broccoli. MMMmmmm..... Pork chops.......Recently we went here with my FIL and came in Tuesday night with reservations.Our server promptly greeted us and disappeared. I looked at the menu. And frowned. Where was my beloved porky chop that I wanted to cuddle with?! It was replaced with Porchetta.... and I was sad. I asked our server if they had any spare porkchops that had fallen behind the freezer unit that they can cook up for me. No dice. Apparently the story he spun was that they had no porkchops whatsoever.Still stuck with the porchetta. We sadly ordered two porchettas and a burger... with some sides and appys and waited.....The porchetta came out.... in all its fatty glory. Unfortunately my portion was 70% fat.... where as my FIL had minimal fat on his... My edible portion was probably equivalent to 5 bites. Not a happy camper... I tasted a bit of the meat and the fat... Porchetta was excellent. Portioning... was not. I asked the server for a diff cut. It was like eating a uber fatty bad cut of prime rib. He came back and told me they were out of the porchetta and were now serving porkchops. !??! About 20 minutes ago he just went on and on about how they didn't have any porkchops!!! WTF!? Okay.... whatever... I just went and requested the porkchop. 5 minutes later he came back and advertised the porkchop as not a "real porkchop" but a portion cut from the shoulder area and just as fatty as the porchetta and I should really order the steak or the salmon. Um... damn it. I want my porkchop!! I argued with him for a bit and told him I'd eat the damn porkchop. And if i didn't like it; I wouldn't send it back since it was now nearing 11PM and I wanted to get home and sleep.5 minutes later. What do you know... it was the thick cut bone in porkchop. Please don't lie to me about pig anatomy. I know a porkchop when I see one. It had a fat rib sticking out and minimal fattyness on it.Hmph.Was it delicious? Yes. But the service and the kitchen giving him orders to convince me NOT to order the porkchops made me VERY VERY upset. Especially after he gave me a big long spiel about how those very porkchops were not in the building to begin with!
This is my second time dining at NOPA, and I had an eerily similar experience - food was very good, but service was bad. My boyfriend and I ordered quite a lot - 4 apps and 2 entrees and drink between us, not sure what the reason was for the bad service/attitude. The server was inattentive, curt, and had an attitude. It was once of the worse service experiences, which is all the more surprising given the caliber of the restaurant.Food-wise - the pork was solid, we enjoyed the duck better though. The brussels sprouts were good but we've had similar before (also, the pork dish essentially has the brusselssprouts on the side!) Fries were a little soggy/cold for some reason. Baked beans were interesting. Flatbread was delicious!So food was a 5, service was a 0. On the balance, was it worth it? Not sure I would go again - plenty of other options in SF.
3 star for the food, 2 star for the service, a 2.5 star experience overall.Based on all the hype, we were really looking forward to our first dining experience at NOPA and especially wanting to try the much raved about pork chops.Much to our chagrin, we looked at our menu and.....no pork chop! What?That's like going to Crustacean and having no crab or Sang Tung and no fried chicken! You know what I mean. That's the one dish that everyone talks about and for whatever reason (our waitress said she had no idea) it was not being offered this evening. My little brother was visiting from SD and was pretty bummed he didn't get a chance to try this much talked about dish.Thoughts on what we ordered from best to worst:*Burger and fries-solid burger, perfect medium, pickled onions and a large heaping of fries with aoili dipping sauce. *Rotisserie chicken-a good serving of house made rotisserie chicken (you can see the rotisserie in the restaurant)*Bean casserole-tasted like chili with melted feta*Pork shoulder-we thought since we couldn't order the pork chop to go this route. The pork shoulder was actually a very heavy dish. Although there was a distinct rosemary flavor overall the dish was lacking in flavor.honey cheesecake-ick, i'm not sure what this was suppose to be but cheesecake it definitely was not. a very big disappointment Probably the most disappointing thing about the meal was the lackluster service. Our waitress never even greeted us or welcomed us to the restaurant. She did not inquire if we wanted any drinks but instead, her first statement to us was "Do you know what you want?". It was so weird to have to ask for water and then to ask for bread. Aren't these just the basic ABC's of service? She never cracked a smile, and never made a recommendation. Come time for desserts, she brought the dessert menu and walked away before coming back to ask us if we wanted anything. Although she did her job and brought us plates to share, water refills, etc. her service without a smile was a little off putting.NOPA didn't meet or exceed my expectations. Will I be willing to try it again? Possibly. Is this one of my favorite restaurants in SF? definitely not. Tips:*make a reservation, even on a Sunday night the place was pretty packed*don't order the cheesecake!
VIBE I came here as a solo diner and still had to wait quite a while to get a table.I didn't realize it was that popular! The hostesses here are profesh. As in they're wearing a blazer and there's no time for chit-chat. Mind you, they are friendly. So I go over to the bar. It's not exactly a scene where I can weasel my way into the crowd. Why? Because it was so crowded! So I felt a wee bit alone. I did manage to see an opening at the big table (which would have been nice if the hostess told me that I could try to get a table there). I love this table and I love how it's spaced out in the restaurant. Not so cool? The guy hovering with his back against me. Don't worry child, I'll be done soon. My server Emmanuel was super friendly, knowledgeable, funny and honest. REFRESHING. I wish I could have said goodbye to him. He was replaced by another waitress with the same no nonsense attitude as the hostess. I ATE I started with the corn. The couple across the table were salivating over it. I did the same thing with the Bloody Mary, which I got because it looked so good. It was the best Bloody Mary I've ever had (I'm dying that I'm not calling it a "Caesar."). How rare of me to have a Bloody Mary at dinner. They even had a RAMEKEN FOR THE PIT. Cray. Moving along...So then it was onto the Rotisserie Chicken. OMG. What I love about NOPA is that they do simple food well. They are BANG ON with the basics. The skin on the chicken was perfect. It was moist. It was paired with this salad, a cornucopia of roasted cauliflower, marinated Peppers, capers and hazelnuts in a light dill sauce. I couldn't finish the chicken but it was still good, the morning after from the fridge. Yum. OBLIGATORY CATCHY REMARK One reason the Divisadero is hot hot hot. Wish I lived in the Haight just to be here on the regular. Bravo. Bravo.
Excellent spot for those late night hunger pains.Ambiance is very relaxing with neutral tones and a beautiful mural on the second floor, but can get pretty noisy because of the popularity for late night.Lots of food options for good prices. Anything from a simple, juicy burger to a filling pork chop or rabbit roast. The rabbit is super tender and juicy - haven't had such good rabbit in a long time!Drinks are all unique and creative! Just one thing disappointed me. I ordered the fried little fish....and, a worm crawled out of it. I kid you not. I thought it was a maggot. I pushed it off the dish and put it on the table....as it was crawling around, I called the waiter. All I got was a replacement, and that's it (supposedly it was a replacement. For all I know, maybe they just took out the worm and gave me the same dish...). I was pretty disappointed they didn't put any strong effort in apologizing... I questioned why there was a worm, and they claimed that their stuff is all organic and that may sometimes happen..... Will I return? Probably if my friends want to try it, but based on that experience, I will be careful with what I would order...
#cocktailheaven#OMGChicken*food worth paying for, hands down*I went to this place as a recommendation and with no expectations. High ceilings, open chatter, and an early dinner crowd was beginning to rise. Completely blown away after our appetizers came. Started out with some cocktails that were strong, unique, and to the point. As we were seated upstairs, we could see the kitchen and watch the hardworking chefs put together fantastic meals. We ordered a salad, some greens, some dressing, whatever just a salad right? NO, this salad kicked ass. Full of flavor, fresh ingredients veggies and peaches, and the cheese was just lovely to melt in your mouth. My salmon with the corn chowder was delightful and I would've licked the plate clean if I wasn't in good company. However, my friend's meal took the cake (or chicken). Stuffed with herbs under the skin, cooked rotisserie style, I don't know if I've ever had chicken like that. It was so moist, so tender, full of flavor, I can't even describe that chicken and my mouth is watering. Great portions as well. An easy 5 stars for me and I'd like to think I don't give them out easily.
Another great seasonal restaurant. They keep a basic standard menu with various changing ingredients.Beat espresso martini in the city. The espresso liquor is the key.
My wife and I ate here a couple of weeks ago. I had never been so given all the fanfare I was really looking up to it. The staff were great and the atmosphere and drinks at the bar fabulous. I had the Moroccan Tangine and have to say I was really disappointed. It made me ill later that night. My biggest issue with it was that when served it was really just a little over room temperature and looked like it had been prepared long ago. I should have known better given that it was not hot when served. Ultimately, it made me sick within a couple hours of eating it.
Welcome to Nopa. Home of the best pork chops you will ever encounter!!!! Believe me. I was in pork chop heaven!The ambiance @Nopa was hip & trendy- high ceilings, two floor levels, cool bathroom, & even the front door was sleek and cool. For some reason, the cute, contemporary door set the tone for our experience. It was crowded @930pm on a random Thursday night. It wasn't jam packed w/ a line out the door or too crowded that you had to uncomfortably shove & bump your way to the bathroom. It wasn't a lounge or a club. The dinner area, however, was full and the bar was pretty packed. Great clue that this spot is awesome. As crowded as it was, luckily there was no wait & we were seated immediately. Lucky!! As for service, our hostest was pretty friendly & personable. Our waiter, the same, but damn was he tall. He looked like a lean 6'footer Jon Bon Jovi w/ the hair. As for food, we started off w/ the flatbread. It was topped w/ spiced fennel sausage, sliced cherry grape tomatoes, broccoli raab, garlic confit, & crescenza. All the flavors meshed together perfectly and the yogurt sauce ended each bite quite delicately. It was light, but barked back a subtle crispity crunch. Yummy!The pork chop was absolutely divine. It was served w/ slices of grilled summer peach, sauteed chard, & sweet corn. The meat was tender and perfect. Slow and steady bites were required to take in all that juicy flavorful meat. It paired PERFECTLY w/ the peach & veggies. Bottom line: Say goodbye to my (old) favorite pork chop entree @Limon. You have been bumped. Nopa is the new contender. This is, by far, the best pork chop I've ever had in my life. Sigh. I slept quite happy that night. Happy tummy. Thank you, Nopa.
We went to NOPA already stuffed on all the buzz for this neighbourhood restaurant; it had, and continues to have, a reputation that precedes it--which is saying something in a city cluttered with so many talented chefs and tasty plates. We sat in the back of the first floor, at a row of seats facing into NOPA's busy and well-oiled machine of a kitchen. Staring the flatbread chef and his wood oven face on helped make our first course decision easier. We had the fennel sausage flatbread; a simple tasty concoction of a pizza. Sausage, spring greens, juicy grape tomatoes, olive oil, and a healthy amount of garlic and pesto for good measure. It is a very tasty starter, (how could it not be?!), but diners would be wise to save room for their entrees.The pork chop has been mentioned on Yelp, what--750 times?! With good reason. This is not the dry, stringy, pork chop my mother used to make and pair with apple sauce. This is a rich, well seasoned, perfectly seared, pork chop, that oozes with flavour and juice. It's soft and buttery--each and every bite. A friend tells me you should get the burger--and seeing the kitchen work those on the grill, I could understand why; but if you don't get the pork chop you must be trying to deny yourself unrestrained pleasure. We also ordered the rotisserie chicken and we did so fully aware that rotisserie chicken is not typically our craving our dish of choice when eating out. Leave that to Costco, ya know? But NOPA again delivers and this is a tasty, well-seasoned rendition of your favourite bird. A particular stand-out of the dish was the herbed yoghurt sauce--light with a hint of cucumber and dill, it paired well with the crispy skin of the chicken.Despite an impressively stocked bar, the cocktail menu itself leaves much to be desired. Meals of this caliber deserve more thoughtful libations, but a thoughful server conjured up good recommendations--a Moscow Mule and Frisco--both nice accompaniments to a delicious, satisfying, and enjoyable dinner.Amazingly, we skipped desert--the scant menu didn't offer a proper finish for the dinner we had just devoured. Still, NOPA is the kind of restaurant I could keep coming back to; there was plenty here to try and my taste buds remain curious for what else that kitchen has in store.
Wow, one of the best restaurants I have ever been to. I've been hearing whispers about Nopa for months. My husband and I are huge foodies and our friends are very aware of that, one of them gifted us a very generous wedding gift certificate to Nopa. If you have foodies friends getting married, this is one of the best gifts a newlyweds could receive. A casual restaurant, people do come dressed up, but you don't feel out of place in your jeans. The service was fantastic, the waitress was juggling our side of the restaurant and was still attentive. We had reservations for 7:45 and were seated promptly at 7:45. We went on Friday night. And loved everything we had. - Little Gems, Roasted nectarines, Hazelnuts and bacon - The nectarines were a tad too hard, but overall the flavor was delicious.- Warm Goat Cheese, Strawberries, peppercress, and Crostini - Probably my favorite. It was a simple merry of flavors that worked so well. The crostini was amazing, soaked in oliver oil and baked with a sweet burst of strawberry flavor very well complimented by the goat cheese and peppercress. - Flatbread of Spicy Fennel Sausage, Potatoes, Basil and Crescenza - All I can say to this is: YUM- Roasted Duck Breast, English Pea Risotto, Basil, Upland Cress and Parmesan - I usually don't like duck. This was an incredibly tender delicious dish that I will eat again any time. - Paolo Sea red Italian wine - They decanted this Italian red for us, it was delicious. It went onto your palette sweet and had a spicy finish and complimented the food perfectly.I highly recommend Nopa and I will definitely be going back again soon.
I sincerely apologize to Nopa for giving anyone else a 5 star review. Food: absolutely stellarDrinks: inventive throwback cocktails done right (and a great wine selection)Staff: amazing service that reflects a genuine enjoyment for what they doJust get off your damn phone and go...nowish
Burger Bar, you just got bitch slapped by NOPA.There is some seriously stiff competition for the best burger in San Francisco. Absinthe and Bix both make a heavenly sweet burger, but NOPA makes my favorite.On a cold and dreary San Francisco, I met up with Gill C, Markus and my wife for a night of story telling and feasting on tasty bites to help fill our hungry stomachs. My wife and I were NOPA virgins and Gill being the regular and having inside knowledge of the menu, we let her guide us through what we needed to order. I had already been told months ago that there was no better burger than the NOPA burger so I knew going in that this exactly what I would be ordering. We were seated upstairs in a corner table which was the perfect place for us to sit and chat. Markus however did have issues with the heat and as it was a bit warm. We started off with three starters to share. First up was the warm goat cheese served alongside baby roma tomatoes and baked crostini. This dish was perfectly crafted and mouth watering. The tomatoes were lightly drizzled in olive oil and resting on a bed greens. Each bite was succulent.Second up were the white Tuscan beans. Sounds boring right? Well these were terrific! Served in a light red sauce and more cheese. A very hearty dish and perfect on a cold night. This would make a nice side for many of the entrees on the menu.Our third and final starter was the flatbread. This was my favorite of the starters! Crispy yet flavorful and topped with a spicy sausage, onions arugula and drizzled with yogurt. Yes, I said yogurt. No, it was not gross, it was amazing. I would come back just for this dish alone! I did all I could to keep eating every last bite, but knowing that I still had a burger and dessert later I was able to hold back and limited myself to one slice.There was a bit of a lag between the starters and our mains, but this gave us time to catch our breath and finish up our cocktails. Tequila gimlet for me, cava for Gill, some fancy manly drink for Markus and a glass of zin for my wife. My reward for waiting patiently was yet to come. And what a reward it was! A perfectly cooked rare, grass fed burger topped with cheddar, bacon, pickled onions and served on a house made brioche bun. I could tell from my first bite that this one special burger. I savored each and every bite. My burger came served along with a side of fries and a pesto aioli. The fries were delicious and had continually keep swatting my wife's hands away as she kept trying to steal them off my plate.Dessert? Would we have room for dessert? Hell Yes! Gill again was our guide and just about jumped out of her chair when she found out they had their honey creme brulee available. And once again, this dish was a home run. Nice caramelized burnt crust leading to a perfect and not too eggy texture center. I loved it!Our wine for the evening was a little something I picked up earlier in the day from Bi Rite Market. A bottle of Unti petit frere. Our server brought out four nice Reidel glasses, which I thought was very nice considering it was something we brought from the street. $20 for corkage which is in line with other restaurants in San Francisco.NOPA definitely lived to it's hype. Excellent service, amazing and creative food and a great location. NOPA is now one of my favorite restaurants in San Francisco.
Thank you for being such a great late spot!I'm not in the neighborhood, so it's been about 5 years since my last visit. The ambiance is still kicking and the food excellent. We went for a friend's birthday and the place is packed thursday night at midnight. I had the pork chops, thank yelpers for pointing me to that yummy dish.
Great drinks, great food and great service. Pro tip - show up early for your reservation (since you probably only managed to get a late one if you booked the day before or day of) and ask if you can be seated early. They're usually very accommodating.
Flat Bread as usual was amazing, the goat cheese starter was also excellent. Really enjoyed the chicken and pork chop! really temped to try the burger next time as well.
I came here for the burger. I'm extremely picky about burgers, and having seen positive reviews, I came over here as soon as I could get a reservation -- which is no picnic if you're used to getting a reservation in SF. With a restaurant burger, you expect their burger to be executed well, even if you might have done it differently if you had a choice. Instead, it's the opposite. All the elements to the burger are there, but the bun was plain, the toppings pretty sparse, and the worst part -- unmelted cheese -- for shame, NOPA, for shame. The one redeeming quality was a nice healthy chunk of beef.I finally made it out to NOPA for my birthday, no less. The place was surprisingly not TOO busy considering how difficult the reservation was, but still noisy and crowded like most of the trendy hot spots around town. We were shown upstairs to a table, where it was a little less noisy and a little less crowded, so yay for that.We ordered two burgers, a pork chop, and a plate of pasta. I tried a bit of each, the pork chop by far the best tasting. But I came for the burger.The bun is nothing special. Lightly toasted, fresh bread. Not sweet or buttery, but good enough. The toppings consisted of a single piece of lettuce and two little circles of pickled red onions. They were fresh. There was also a little creamy sauce that was put on the side. I slopped it on, but I honestly don't remember anything special about it. I ordered some additional gruyere cheese because that sounded yummy, but sadly, the cheese, despite looking nice and melted was lukewarm and definitely not melted. I might as well have ordered a cheese plate on the side of the burger. That being said, the meat is a nice portion and cooked perfectly to medium as I asked -- I was just really bummed that the cheese was cold. It did come with some crisp, french fries -- a lot of them -- so there's that.Ultimately, this is a nice place. If everyone wants to eat some place fancy, and you're really craving any burger, then this is a good place to get "any burger".
We were visiting from out of town and were lucky to get a reservation with this gem of a restaurant. They start taking reservations one month out. The food was wonderful we had the avocado bread, pork chop and amazing fries...California comfort food! All of the staff were friendly and attentive over all just a great experience.
Just amazing! Great great food ...Warm olives, roasted squash with ricotta, chicken, dessert...Everything was SPECTACULAR !!!
Sold four stars. The bartender (Caleb) whipped up a spicy cocktail for my boyfriend based on just a vague description of what he wanted - props to creating something fantastic on the fly!Loved the bean appetizer. It was light and hearty at the same time, if that's possible. Also liked the salad we got but it was nothing special.For the main course, I ordered the burger (quite tasty but not the best I've had in the city). My boyfriend had the pork chop and loved it. I prefer the pork chop at Marlowe but that's because I didn't love how sweet the sauce was on this one. However, still really good!!Got a pint of ice cream to take home from Bi-Rite next year, which was a nice end to the meal! Definitely want to come back (maybe for brunch to try something new!).
Ok...this place is really good! Went for hot chocolate...got yummy snacks. Here's what we had: Little fish, smoked trout salad, warm olives, burger and fries....all were yum!Tried one of the "spiritual" drinks and it smelled like paint and tasted like paint...although I am not so sure I have tasted paint. The waiter comped me and didn't make a big deal about it (first time I ever complained about a drink), which I thought was super good service. The hot chocolate tastes like liquid dark love!
My friends always talk about this place and how good it is. YUP its REALLY GOOD. I was surprised how much I loved everything that was put in front of me. YOU HAVE TO GET THE PORK CHOPS and YOU HAVE TO GET THE BRUSSEL SPROUTS APPETIZER. I'm drooling still... I've never had a pork chop sooo good, sooo tender, sooo juicy... YUM!
I came to NOPA a few Fridays ago with my sister and two of our friends. We grabbed 3 pegu clubs before the 4th member of the party arrived, and were promptly seated up in the loft. Best seat in the house, if you ask me!We opted to get a few dishes to share. The menu:Warm marinated olives- Olives. You honestly can't go wrong... especially when they're accompanied by Hendrick's gin. Just saying.Warm goat cheese- This was my personal favorite. I am a huge fan of goat cheese in general, and the pickled beets that came with it added the perfect touch.Flatbread of spicy fennel sausage- Excellent. We enjoyed the flatbread so much, we got a second order to share.Burger- I'd say it was one of the better burgers I have consumed inside the city limits of San Francisco. I wish I would have written this earlier... but alas, take my word for it.I could go into more detail and go on and on about NOPA... the service was excellent, the drinks weren't ridiculously sweet (yuck), and our table was perfect. I couldn't have asked for better company, either!I can even make a reservation right here on Yelp. That brought this review to a solid five stars. *****
Excellent food, but probably not worth the 6 week wait to get in. Also for veggies the food was great, but not necessarily the best options.
Awesome. Everything. The butterscotch pudding is sex. Trust me on this. Order everything. The avocado salad is delicious. Burger is good, pork chop good, but that damn butterscotch pudding is the top notch
YIKES, I can't believe I forgot to review this place. Ok, this place is seriously a sizzling hot spot in the city so don't expect to walk right in and get a table. Once you get in and settle in the delightful spacious restaurant, you will have a selection of fresh and local items on their menu changed daily, of course. Their food execution and simplicity is a clean and perfect plate of California cuisine. Service is exquisite. I recommend the hell out of this place and hit up Candybar after especially with a date or double date. Quick tip: Parking after 8pm is easier to catch, reservations is a highly must, you may strike lucky and walk-in but don't hold your breath. Last call is at 1AM
Moroccan vegetables, grilled pork chop with artichokes and spring onions, giant white beans in tomato sauce with feta, and baked goat cheese with pickled cherries and crostini. That was our dinner last night. Oh, and more wine and cocktails than you could shake a stick at (tipsy? me? not at allllllll....)The Moroccan vegetables came highly recommended, and given it was the only vegetarian friendly meal on the menu, I ordered it for myself. Large chunks of veggies, whole olives, a tomato based sauce and topped with yogurt, it was essentially a very flavourful and tasty stew. The spices had a bit of a kick, but it was actually really good and I enjoyed it a lot.Honestly though, I'd have to say the appetizers were the winners. The giant white bean dish doesn't sound that interesting, but I was very impressed with it. It reminded me of an exceptionally good chili, except it wasn't. The goat cheese appetizer though blew me away. As a fan of goat cheese in general, this excellent, creamy, warm cheese spread beautifully on these amazing tiny crostini and my only complaint about the cherries was there weren't enough! They all go amazingly well together. I would highly recommend trying this.The cocktails menu was a bit confusing as I couldn't really figure out any of the spirits that were in them. I skimmed over many drinks, trying to find something remotely recognizable, and finally asked the waitress to point out any drinks that had a fruit based flavour, or ones that she would recommend. My friend had the Manzanita while I had the Dutchie and the Choke Hold. All three were quite tasty, although I did find them a bit strong. The Dutchie reminded me of a strong lemonade, while the Choke Hold had a faint tequila flavour (fortunately not overpowering).The waitress was extremely nice and helpful and sweet, and she checked up on us often. She had some good recommendations for drinks and dinner as well.The restroom set up is a bit weird... there's no sinks in any of the bathrooms, instead there's a large communal sink outside of them. I felt a bit awkward washing my hands within eyesight of diners, but what the hey... something a bit different from other restaurants I guess?Sadly we didn't try any desserts... there were a few that looked interesting, but nothing that jumped out and yelled "EAT MEEEEE" and given our rather full and inebriated state by this time, we chose to skip it and instead find a taxi cab and head out.Definitely a place to check out for a good rounded out meal. Prices are decent, the atmosphere is great, although I found NOPA really quite busy and packed (we had reservations for 10:30 and dear god, it was *FULL* when we got there).
Fantastic. One of my favorite restaurants in SF.Flatbread, pork chop and burger are my favorites on the menu. Cookie plate with almond milk was also surprisingly satisfying. Can't wait to go back and try more items on the menu!
Good but nothing spectacular. I ordered the grass fed burger which a few people had recommended. The meat was definitely good quality...so good I guess that they didn't bother putting anything in the burger. No lettuce, no tomatoes, nothing. They did give you some grilled onions on the side and a side of aioli. Purists would love it. The fries were decent. Others at my table ordered the duck, the pork chop and the chicken. Everybody was happy with their choices but not blown away.The only thing I don't recommend getting is the chocolate souffle. It was very sad looking and was only about 1 bite..seriously. I'd go with the icebox tart if you want dessert. My friend got it and I was definitely jealous.Nopa is a pretty good neighborhood joint but I don't think I'd make any special trips to come back. The atmosphere is cool and trendy but if you want an intimate dinner and good conversation it's a bid loud.
Come here for brunch with my friends. The ambiance of the restaurant is hip. We ordered:- French toast for sharing- Burger- Fresh baked farm egg- Pull porkThe food was ok. the fries that come with the burger was good. They even have their won home made sauce. The portion was quite big. I will give 3.5 stars , for me the food was too rich ( too much butter).
The hunt for the best burger in San Francisco ends at NOPA. Their burger has all of the main 3 criteria working in perfect harmony. 1) Great bun. 2) Fantastic meat, perfectly seasoned and cooked to perfection. 3) Great choice of cheeses.I'd also like to say that NOPA's fries are incredible. Even the ketchup is better than average...I think they may even make it themselves...don't quote me on that but there's something special is going on there. The biggest drag to getting your hands on one of these suckers is the area and the popularity of the restaurant itself. It's really hard to park around there and NOPA is nearly always parked. If you don't make a reservation you will wait a while.
Gave Nopa a shot this past weekend. Not gonna hate, because I live in the neighborhood and after all it's great to have a restaurant open until 1 am given SF's embarrassing late night food scene. However, unless it's my only option I wouldn't be so inclined to come back here for dinner. Starters: We ordered three salads: the albacore, gem lettuce, and the tomato salad. All fresh, and very tasty. Main: for main courses: the chicken and the pork chop. These are both "staple" items which the restaurant keeps on their menu, I guess due to popularity. They were both very average tasting. I was simply not excited to keep on eating, basically ate it because it was there, it was expensive and my mother always taught me never to waste food. They should perhaps consider giving these two the boot to give room for more innovative menu items to keep people coming back. Dessert: apple bread pudding - apparently a new dessert. Wasn't bad but I would wait it out a bit for them to perfect it. To be honest the most memorable flavor I got from the whole meal was the macchiato I ordered for dessert. The atmosphere was good and the service was average. Our server knew the menu well and painted great descriptions of the menu. Bar Crudo right across the street is by far a better option (of course, that's if you like fish).
Book reservations way ahead of time like a month in advance.The Pork Chops are so delish. I've never had pork chops that were so tender, melt in your mouth flavorful. For dessert the sopaipillas are a must.Parking sucks. Theres no valet parking or lot. It's self park in a high traffic area.
BUYER BE WARE! My coworker got food poisoning from NOPA. She called the restaurant during the work week and was all but threatened by the manager. He told her that it was impossible that NOPA made her sick and was very aggressive about the whole thing. She said it was the only place she had eaten that was not from home that day, and her symptoms occurred 2.5hrs after eating meat from NOPA.Very poor restaurant & customer service.
Just a quick note about NOPA, where I go all the time and really do love...I stand firm in my dislike for their wine list...am I the only one that can't find a good, non mineral-y white or glass of sparkling wine? My friends were in the same boat with me the other night, none liked their wines AT ALL and all chose to go for a cocktail. Maybe it's a ploy to sell their great selection of whiskeys etc. Maybe? I also think there are a couple of not so nice servers, one woman in particular, who just can't be nice if their job depended on it. Oh wait, it does. Hmm, I"m not here for your approval, I'm here to eat and drink and have it served to me politely. Unlock your bitchy attitude dear.
I heard rave reviews about the hamburger and they were correct. The four star rating would be a five, if it weren't for the service. The service starting nicely. My friends and I, a party of five, were sat down immediately. The server gave us menus and water. Things were looking great. After our order were taken things went south. We waited for our food for 40 minutes! 40 minutes! Our order was not large at all and we had no substitutions. The host and the server didn't acknowledge our lengthy wait. Even after WE mentioned our lengthy wait, they were still not sympathetic. Once the food arrived I was very satisfied with my meal. Still, I questioned the table, my friends, "was this worth a 40 minute wait?" We're still deciding. Good luck!
Excellent service. Good food. Cocktails could use some work. All in all, definitely worth going to. The line can be long so get there an hour before your actually hungry.the dish that I would recommend is Tagine. It's a Moroccan dish that's just brilliant.
Only coming here for pre-dinner drinks, I can't really talk about the food (though everything I saw coming out of the kitchen looked so good it made me want to stay for dinner). The wine I had was good (one red and one white), but the lack of good beer on the drinks menu and lack of space to stand around the bar took away from the experience. How can you enjoy your drink when you constantly have to move out of people's way?
I came here for dinner and loved the food here! Pork chop and green beans were very good! Dessert was interesting, it was a hard ice cream/cookie of some sort with coffee and it was hard to eat and service can be better.
My sister and I were in town for a couple nights and were staying in the neighborhood near by. We were told by a local bartender that if we wanted good food late night, this was the spot to go. They serve food until 1am! We sat at the bar in front of the kitchen. It was awesome to see the food prepared and we were able to meet the chef. The entire staff was friendly from the host right to the table servers and cooks. The atmosphere is inviting and the food is devine. I would definitely return. The fried asparagus and kidney beans are a must have!
I love trying out new restaurants. We just finished watching the Dave Koz concert and a friends friend recommended NOPA. We were very lucky to get a table. When we got there, it was already 10pm and they were packed. We were seated upstairs. Our waiter came and recommended the best wine. Appetizer: - Flatbread of house bacon, arrowhead cabbage, thyme, cruyere (I took out the bacon and it was very good)- Sardines in saor, currants, mizuna (YUM!)Dinner: - Rotisserie Herbed chicken, radicchio, courtons, tangelo and mezzo secco- Wood grilled pok shopc, crescent potatoes, broccoli di ccico and mustard- Oven roasted Black cod, green garlic cream, maitake mmushrooms and spinach (this is what I had and it was delish!)Dessert:- Sopaipillas - burnt orange caramel (I ate like a pig and didn't want to share)- Warm cookies with almond milk (the hazelnute-espresso macaroon did it for me!)Service: Staff were friendly and accommodatingPrice: Well worth itCon: Parking was crazy. Good thing a friend lived about 4 blocks so we parked our car there and walked.Definitely will go again!
the burger is good, not amazing. cocktails are awesome. had the little fried fish too and it was pretty good. overall it's a good place to try but i wouldnt go again because of the crazy reservation waits.
How can I visit SF and not go to NOPA? I made a reservation for a monday night right when dinner started around 6 pm. This was a perfect time since I heard it can get pretty crowded. The restaurant has high ceilings, an open kitchen and an upper level dining area. My auntie and I got seated on the upper level right above the kitchen. This was the perfect view. We witnessed every step in the creation of each dish :) The waiter was very friendly and quick. He first served us with a crostini topped with a creamy veggie topping, there was salt on the side that I figure we sprinkle on before the bite :) it was complementary and lovely. I had a glass of sweet white wine that the waiter suggested and it was perfect. For starters we got the flat bread. This was the best part of the meal :) It was baked with cheese, tomatoes, squash, and lettuce. This is a must order! My auntie ordered the famous pork chops and I had the braised beef. The beef was accompanied by stir fried veggies and potatoes. I would recommend this but it is one of their seasonal dishes. I HAD to taste the pork chop and it was not absolutely tender which I expect from a good pork chop but still had great flavor :) Overall the restaurant can get quite loud and is great for groups celebrating a birthday or a fun date night with your lover!
Food here is actually very awesome!First off, I would like to say the staff here is really really friendly and great service! Love their smiles! Got here at 6:06pm on a Tues night and asked for a table for 2 without reservations. Only 15min wait to be seated. The look and feel of the place was very natural and modern at the same time. Now for the Awesome Food:- Pork Chop (yelp.com/biz_photos/ttar) - $24 I didnt believe it when I read on Yelp that this is the best pork chop they ever ate. BUT it WAS!!! My boy friend did not believe me when I told him that the pork chop was very tender and juicy. Two qualities that a pork chop never have. YES, it was indeed the BEST pork chop I ever tasted in my whole short life. - Grass Feed Burger (yelp.com/biz_photos/ttar) - $13 burger was also very juicy and tender. The pickled onions were awesome. Fries were ok.- Honey Creme Brulee (yelp.com/biz_photos/ttar) - $8 Honey and Creme Brulee does go together! I love the honey taste on the top crust. Awesome! Price:Well worth it.Yay or Nah?Definitely YAY!
Duck gizzard confit and beet crostini are to die for. Entrees are less impressive, so stick with appetizers. Top notch place. Highly recommend!
Trendy comfort food with fresh ingredients. We came here for breakfast and had some interesting, tasty dishes. The French Toast was awesome. Very thick homemade bread oozing with flavor. We also liked the smoked trout and bratwurst breakfast items. All very tasty. It is hard to get in. Make a reservation a week or two in advance.
What can I say besides delicious Pork chop rocks, cocktails are brilliant and the place is always busy.
Already 3.4k reviews? What more can I say? Everything about this place is great! Burger is the best you can find in the Bay Area.
NOPA. It's the kind of place where foodie dreams come to fruition. I had the custard french toast and ... paradigm-shifting. When you bite into it, you ascend into an intergalactic world of happiness. It has moments of custard and moments of citrus (is that orange peel I taste?). Next time I'm trying the grassfed hamburger -- I saw a lot of those ordered. Five stars. Oh. And Blue Bottle Coffee. Watch your consumption though, pots are pricey.
Been here drunk for dinner. Been here sober with family for brunch.Both times AMAAAAZING!!!Brief synopsis for dinner:- Wonderful assortment of delicious wines. The waitress was excellent at looking at our order and suggesting a great wine. We loved it.- The flat bread with goat cheese was out of this world- The pasta dishes (tagliatelle and parpadelle) were delicate, smooth and lightBrunch (this is where we went crazy):- The spiced donut. Out of this world, crazy-good. And this was just the starter!- Cappuccinos - perfect wake-me up to get us ready for what was about to come- Scone with lemon curd - ZOMG, these pastries are killing me with awesomeness. the lemon curd was incredible - not too sour, not too sweet, and oh so creamy- Goat Cheese Bread Pudding - our absolute favorite. Our mind was boggled, how did they do this?! Layers and layers of awesomeness- Custard French Toast - what they are known for. I rest my case. simply amazing- Eggs with fennel sausage - PERFECT savory dish to balance it all. It also had the most delectable quinoa bed at the bottom.If my excitement and passion makes you dubious, I just challenge you to go check it out. It's worth every praise.
Went here for my Birthday dinner last night. My man treated me. He got reservations about 3 weeks before he said the only times were 6:00 or 9:00 so he picked the 6:00 for us. We sat above which I loved because it had tall ceilings and we could see down on everyone and the kitchen. Started with the warm goat cheese which was to die for. Small little toasted bread and a side of apples and kiwi. The goat cheese though was kinda fluffy which I just loved.Oh I forgot to add, they have an amazing list of cocktails. I didnt no what to choose because the ingredients were so different. Our server recommended one with basically an orange tangerine flavor it was SO GOOD and refreshing!!!Then for dinner I got the chicken which was great however for me it had too much of a smokey flavor. The sides (cabbage, etc) I didnt like. It was literally like a BBQ in my mouth.My boyfriend got the pork chop and Brussels sprouts. HE LOVED IT! Dessert we got the sopapillas the carmel orange sauce MAKES THIS!!!Oh and we got 1 hot chocolate :)
GREAT food. Great vibe. Cute waiters! Woot! Woot! What more can you ask for? I LOVE this place and would go here again and again and again!
I came here and had a feast! We started with some awesome cocktails and I ordered the Bloody Mary with mezcal. It was amazing! We ordered a ton of food and I can't even pinpoint the highlight of the night because it was all yummy! I'd probably say the food was a solid 4.5, but our server had such an awesome personality so I'm bumping it up to a 5 star review. Definitely get the lavender creme caramel. It's so different and delicious.
They gave us the best table in the house. Right over looking the kitchen. It was so much fun like watching a real live cooking show. I had the black cod and the butternut soup. So delicious and so many different flavors going on. Will be coming back.
Believe the hype - this place is good. No not good, wonderfully, amazingly delicious! I have been for both brunch and dinner - both equally as good. A great place to take out of town guests or just for a nice meal. They also make some mean cocktails, so if there is a wait for a table head over to the bar and order a few. The blue bottle dessert cocktail was SO DAMN GOOD! (per our waiters recommendation we swapped the vodka for burbon - yum!)
Yes this place is trendy, yes this place is immensely popular, but make no mistake, NOPA is a friendly neighborhood restaurant. Service is always great and welcoming, and the bar and the common table in front help give that community vibe.The design of the restaurant is simple and organic and matches the food perfectly. The hamburger is top-notch, but the best dish I had there was the duck. Sadly, I haven't seen it on the menu since I've been back, so NOPA, if you're reading this, bring it back, and let me know when you do, thanks. And let's not forget the pork chop. If not for the pork chop at The House, this would be numero uno in my book.Oh, and it's open until 1am. Enough said.
A tribute to the failure of contemporary American food culture.They opened with the classic ruse of being unable to seat us until a half-hour after our reservation time, but thoughtfully pointed us to the bar so we could spend money there while we waited out their 'mistake.' I wonder if restauranteurs think customers are too dumb to have figured this scam out, or they just don't care (I'm going with they just don't care, because they keep doing it).The appetizers were mostly pretty good. The goat cheese and head cheese were delicious, but the olives were so bitter we sent them back; I think somebody thought it would be cool to cure their own olives (I admit, it would be totally awesome...), but didn't figure out how to do it correctly or bother to taste the results.Entrees took over an hour and a half. They also created some awkwardness because they initially seated our party in two groups due to the reservation 'screw up,' then merged us later. This resulted in half of our party getting their food a good 20 minutes before the rest.I had the burger. It was better than McDonald's but not as good as the one I had at 4505's stand at the Ferry building that morning. It came with fries, and that's about all there is to say about the fries. Nobody in my party seemed particularly impressed with their entree.I find places like this all too common and frankly insulting to eat at. They have mediocre service and mediocre food and treat you like it is a privilege to eat there because for some incomprehensible reason they have a good reputation. This was my first time in San Francisco as an adult and I was looking forward to eating while I was there. I'm from The OC and it is full of places like this, our crappy 'gastropubs' like Haven and The Crow Bar and Kitchen, but figured with SF's higher density of specialty shops, better availability of quality agricultural products, and money from Silicon Valley, standards would be higher. Sadly, no.
Pretty much as good as it gets for American food. Start off with the flat bread bacon topped with thin slices of potatoes, blue cheese and red mustard greens. Absolutely scrumptious! Rich in flavor and makes you want more. Order the rotisserie herbed chicken with wild rice, beans, capers and tomatoes. It's half a roasted chicken and the plate is huge. My husband was only able to finish half. The skin was very flavorful and meat was cooked enough for the juices to ooze out with every bit. Grass fed hamburger was delicious! One of the best I've had in awhile. Cooked to perfection and juicy all the way through. Their picked onions are a nice touch and their fries were perfectly fried and a decent serving. You must also get the country pork chops. Holy macaroni it was thick! I was only able to finish about a quarter of it. It was cooked perfectly as well and was tender and juicy with every bite. Seasoned perfectly. Add a glass of Malbec and call it good. Unfortunately we were too stuffed to order dessert. Maybe next time since I'm sure this is by far one of our favorite restaurants in the bay.
smoked trout was delicious and so were vegetable tagine and pork chop
Nova is ome of those neighborhood restaurants that generally lives up to it's reputation which is a good one. Pork chop = what they are known for and yeah it was well seasoned and had a really nice glaze.Broccoli = I know it sounds easy but they make some awesome broccoli  And the lemon makes you want more.Sardines = this dish really disappointed me it was sold as a grilled sardine and yet it comes in a ramekin with a broth garbonzo beans and cabbage. It was a soggy fishy dish that we basically sent back. Artichoke = This dish was good but a little waterySopapillas = These warm pillows of joy came and put a smile on my face. Delicious.Parfait = AThe service was great and the drinks too.
Lively, exciting environment- clientele encompasses everything from families to young singles. Food is great, although not exceptional. An above average experience overall.
Amazing food and service! Can't wait to go back when I'm in San Francisco again.
Make reservations(we got same day reservation on a Saturday). Ask for the table upstairs to view the entire restaurant including the chefs prepare some amazing dishes. We asked our server Ryan, to select our dishes for the evening and it proved to be a success. The pork chop atop celery root pure was a piece of art. Finished our dinner with the cheesecake which was especially light and airy. This is a must stop when in San Francisco. For a restaurant to become top notch not only does the food have to be noteworthy but the staff must prove to be excellent and Nopa is fortunate to have both. This begins with the kind hostess who took our reservations, to the hostess that sat us and carried our drink upstairs to the wait staff that made sure our waters were full and our table repeatedly cleared. Ryan was attentive and knowledgable about the dishes he was presenting. Bookmark worthy:)
Literally, best burger in the world. I always get this darn thing! Juicy goodness!! I always get it done medium with blue cheese. They also have this Wood Baked Butter Beans appetizer that is to die for!!! Their fries could use some work though. I love the staff and ambiance too!
Yelp is like a timesheet. You have to enter your time or else you'll forget. Shame on me for not entering my review the first time I came here. I guess the many times I've been here will refresh my memory. And I also thought the 2000+ reviews for NOPA were enough. But then again, they haven't had my experience and since I'm playing catch-up on Yelp, I'm including my opinion (which really doesn't matter) too. First time, my gfriend spotted some classy escorts with an older man (not good looking). I seriously thought that wasn't the case. But she pointed out the obvious. So while enjoying our food, we played mystery science theatre. It made the experience enjoyable and the night fun. Since then, I've been back to eat at the communal table and upstairs. Seriously, you need to make reservations. Expect a wait if you decide to drop by without reservations.The food never disappoints. I love their rotisserie chicken, pork chop and even their vegetable tangine, which is cooked to perfection. Though I didn't get to meet the chef in SF, I met him in NYC and he rocked at the Le Grand Fooding 2010 NYC vs SF event. Best.Pork.Ever!!!
Great space and vibe. And just about the only place open after midnight in SF to get a bite to eat. But not just a bite- a pretty damn good bite. The flat bread starter was awesome and the pork chop was stellar. Perfectly seasoned and perfectly cooked. The only miss was the bratwurst, but what do you expect so far from Wisconsin?
My trip to NOPA was mouth-watering. Make sure to get there early and have a drink while you wait for your table or you could get stuck eating dinner at 9pm. While we wait for our table the bartender suggested several drinks that weren't even on the menu. We had 2 snacks while we waited that I can't say were the best (ground turkey & potatoes & the salmon and capers).Once we got seated we ordered a bottle of wine, the green beans with cheese, and french fries. The green beans appetizer only had 3 green beans! I guess that's the sign of a fancy restaurant. The fries were perfectly crunch and golden. I ordered the pork chops and they were delicious!! Juicy and perfectly cooked. The chops were so huge I couldn't even finish my plate. I also tried the rotisserie chicken which was also tasty and came with a delicious salad.I cant remember the name of our dessert but they were lil' dough puffs with honey. I wouldn't recommend them, but the dessert with berries and ice cream was definitely worth ordering again. Overall my dining experience at NOPA was great.
Sunday Brunch. Custard French Toast. All's Im sayin...
Versatile and ReliableI've been to NOPA for so many different occasions: dinner dates, meeting-the-parents, brunches, late night drinks, or for a burger flying solo at the bar. The bustling activity, great service, and toothsome fare bring me back each time.The warm goat cheese is my wife's go-to appetizer, and the french fries have been my rescuer late into the night.
Completely lived up to the hype. Get it medium rare as they recommend!
We ended up here after searching for a place that was serving dinner menu really late. Full menu at midnight???? Awesome.To my surprise, the place was packed for a Thursday, being it was midnight. We walked in an I was getting stares from really dressy looking people left and right. Another pretentious hip crowd? Damn it. lol Good thing we were seated upstairs!We had a great, friendly waiter, and ordered:1. Albacore Confit: WOW. This dish is amazing.  I would come back here jsut for this dish alone. Albacore, avocado, salmon roe....What else do you need?? The dish was yummy and perfectly balanced. The capers gave it a good kick. Totally love it.2. Grass Fed Burger: This was really good. The meat juicy, perfectly cooked medium. The pickled onions was perfect with the cheese and bacon. i could eat the pickled onions on its own. It gave the burger a acidic balance that cut through all the richness. The fire roasted pepper aoili that came with the fries was yummy. Reminded me of a jalapeno cream cheese dip from another place. almost every table I saw had a burger, so that must mean something.3. Duck leg with brussel sprouts and pomegranate: This was decent. Nothing earth shattering. I've had duck better at many places. But it wasn't bad. Would I order it again, maybe no. A little on the bland side. The brussel sprouts were perfectly cooked though.We had some great wine with our meal and came out satisfied. Overall, a great place with great food. I would def. come back if I need a nice meal late at night and if I were in the area. The rest of the menu also looks promising.I would prefer seating upstairs though to avoid the crowd.
Late one night, I was craving for a burger and my friend brought me to NOPA. Okay, fine!...I was ready for McDonald's or In and Out.We didn't make any reservations and got sitted right away. We even got parking right in front of the door. Now, that is super lucky.This place is definitely good for dates! Nice romantic ambiance. We ordered the poached albacore and the grass fed burger. Since my friend is a nutritionist, I wasn't allowed to eat the fries and we substituted that for a salad instead. And oh, the friend is also into a low carb, high protein diet, so I wasn't allowed to eat the bread, only the patty. And no dessert! Imagine that!I really like this place and I enjoyed the dishes we got. That albacore was just heaven. The burger (minus the bread) wasn't dry at all. There's so much on the menu that I want to try. And I wanna kick myself for not trying the dessert.So who will take me to NOPA now? I wanna go back soon and update this review.
One of the best dinner venue in the city, food and drinks are great but get ready to get seated after 9.30pm- it's always packed and too busy. At least divis offers a ton of great spots to kill the time during the wait. Only warning is stay away from duck and the rest of the food that I tried was pretty good.
Wow, what excellent food and service. On my latest visit to this very popular restaurant I was once again totally impressed with the food and staff. We went for brunch and our party had almost all of the items on the brunch menu. The highlights where the custard French toast, kale salad country ham with poached eggs and vegetables. The only complaint I have about Nopa is that it can be a bit noisy but other than that I can't recommend it enough.
I seldomly say a place is worth the hype but NOPA does the trick. This has been on my SF bucket list for quite some time so I was relieved to finally grab a resi last weekend. Love the high ceilings and dim lighting. This place is crackin' pretty much to the wee hours of the night so def try to lock down a resi. The cocktails are delicious and prepared with TLC. Here's what my boo and I had:-Little fried fish - wow, little fried bites of heaven. It reminded me of Pringles - once you pop, you can't stop. -Goat cheese / strawberries / crostini - They hook up a generous portion of crostini and a good way to start off the meal.-Pork chop - This is pretty much NOPA's bread & butter. One of the juiciest pieces of pork chops I've ever eaten.-Pappardelle w/ ragu - I'm a sucker for pappardelle so my review is a little tainted, but the noodles were cooked al dente and the ragu was slow cooked and packed a ton of flavor.-Nectarine frangipane tart w/ amaretto ice cream - Just do it. The tart is flaky and sweet / tart and the amaretto ice cream is literally the cherry on top of this bomb dessert. Would definitely come back here again and an awesome place to bring a date, especially if you want to earn some serious brownie points.
First time here for dinner, but have enjoyed brunch on several occasions since it is nearby my apartment. Consistently fails to disappoint. Service is executed with skill and teamwork, food is fresh, delicious, and perfectly prepared. They manage to do this without an iota of pretentiousness. I came here for my law school graduation and all of my guests loved it (even my brother's friend who had been raving about KFC's double down all morning). Their cocktails are amazing, as is their wine selection. We ordered a bottle of Matthiasson Sauvignon Blanc (one of my Dad's friends), which was delivered by a friendly server who chatted with us about the vineyard. Then, in true Jehle style - we all ordered individual drinks on top of it. He laughed it off, saying "this wine is better when it warms up a bit." It was still delicious after we thirstily consumed our pre-game drinks. I got a cocktail, the boys got beer, and my mother got the first sip of the vino. It was not a cheap evening, but well worth it. And - the numerous reviews raving about the pork chop are valid, and it did not fail to live up to it's reputation. It was huge, which my dining partners enjoyed since I am not a huge portion performer (and when my Dad is paying - it is kind of rude to order the most expensive thing on the menu as one of my brother's tag-along friends, but they appropriately got the burger, which they claimed was "the best burger and fries they had had in their entire lives"). However, they thoroughly enjoyed chewing the pig remains off the bone after I put in my greatest effort with the chop. I didn't even have to feel guilty, I was reassured that this was indeed a "happy pig" (aka, humanely raised, free of hormones, and free to roam).
Spontaneity is the spice of my life. Especially when it means finally hitting up NOPA after almost 2 years of keeping it on my to-do list.Killer cocktails. I love a place where the bartender just has to ask what my poison is (whiskey) and how I like it (juicy, but a little boozy) and he can whip something up that suits my taste perfectly. The food didn't disappoint either. I can't not order warm goat cheese when it's on the menu, and it was even better than it sounds. We also got the avocado/cucumber/crouton/yogurt salad and the housemade pappardelle. Both were fantastic, but next time I want to come back for a more meaty meal.
I organized a birthday dinner here, so I was lucky enough to try a good portion (excuse the pun) of the menu. We sat on the second floor, and it was cool to get a top view of the kitchen and the other diners. The place is pretty big, and has a communal table on the first level. The appetizers are pretty small, probably meant to be shared between 2 - 4 people, but we had more. We ordered a lot, though, so it worked out. My favorite was the warm goat cheese served with buttery crostinis. The little fried fish with romesco sauce was really good too. The shaved asparagus salad with poached egg is yummy as well. It's funny, the appetizer portions are small, but the entree portions are huge. I ordered the pork chop, which was juicy and flavorful. Others ordered the grass fed burgers with Gorgonzola and grilled onions, which was really good. The Moroccan tagine was just okay. Everyone left happy and full that night, including me. I'd recommend taking a cab, since parking is difficult.
Stop what you're doing and make a reservation here.
TIP: Make reservations because this place gets PACKED on weekends!I'm sure if I wasn't stupid hung over the morning I tried this place out, it would have tasted a little better to me. lol....My friend and I showed up about 30 minutes before they opened. We had made reservations a week prior. I was surprised at how many people started walking through the door before opening. My friend also noticed that the staff was in the back speaking with the chef...? I guess they were getting ready and tasting some dishes before opening.I was pretty impressed with the appearance and interior decor of this place. Very... modern.. and loft-ish with the bare wooden beam ceilings. hahaServer was attentive, but seemed a little shy. We think that they may have had some interns working that morning.Started off with their famous Blue Bottle Coffee. I'm not that big of a coffee person, but I was able to taste that this was some good quality French-pressed coffee!I must say that the Baked Egg was... DERICIOUS.Bacon was on the fatty side (plus for me!), perfectly cooked, but too salty for me. I guess I'm becoming more sensitive to salt these days.I ordered the Smoke Andouille Sausage. The sausage was a bit salty. It was my first time having poached eggs and it wasn't so bad. Sauce that it was cooked in was good. Lots of beans lol. cornbread squares were sweet!I'll come back again when I'm not hung over to try it out and try out their popular cocktails :)
Love the atmosphere here and the food is incredible!!!!
This place is a classic treat. All of our friends and family coming into town absolutely love dinner here, even if our reservations are at 11pm!The warm goat cheese appetizer is a huge hit, it salivates the juices in the back of your tongue with every bite. Very unique, and a dish we crave. The french fries are an often overlooked appetizer, but are cooked to perfection in crispiness and thickness. The key is to order the "normal" garlic aioli in addition to whatever aioli/feta dip they have - your table will love the change up in dipping sauces. When it's in season we cannot resist ordering the shaved asparagus salad - we've had it twice in 3 years and ask for it on nearly every visit to see if we can't encourage them to carry it on the menu for longer stretches.The pork chop is unlike any pork chop you've ever had. It's large, it's chared and seasoned just right, juicy and tender. It cuts like a filet mignon. The fish dishes are usually superb, but our favorites have been the ocean trout and salmon. The grass fed burger is out of this world, so simple and delicious, thick and juicy, with a bun toasted to perfection. Rabbit, duck, ribs, and more frequent rotation on the main entree menu and have all been hits with our family and friends.The ambience of NOPA is lively, energetic, simple, with an understated elegance (hardwood tables buffed to a shine), but is quite inviting and welcoming - especially on those cold damp nights. We love the vibe, the wine, and the food. It's local, organic, and sustainable in almost everything that is served or offered. One of my absolute favorites!
Well, Nopa certainly lives up to the hype. Currently ranked number one on Eater SF's hottest brunch spots, Nopa's brunch is definitely the isht. My brother swears the French toast with practically molten custard center and bloody mary with mezcal is the best brunch combo in the city. I for one can't wait to go back and get the wonderful housemade bagel with smoked salmon, chive farmer's cheese, mche and slices of radish artfully deconstructed on the plate and ready to be savored. The date-walnut muffin with crme frache was lovely. Seriously Nopa can do no wrong.
The only downside: the price.Their alcohol selection is amazing. Includes Sherry and Grappa! Definitely recommend these two to start and end an amazing dinner at Nopa.Our server was very knowledgeable about the drinks and took the time to explain the various kinds. Actually learned something during dinner here! Their brussel sprouts/beat plate was my favorite. So rich and tasty.Will go again... But because of the pricy tab, may just save it for special occasion.
NOPA sets the standard of what a delicious pork chop should be. I would order if every time I go there, but there are so many other interesting dishes on the menu. That's where going to NOPA with a diverse eating group comes in handy. Someone usually ends up ordering the chop and I get a bite. There is peace in the world for that moment. (smile).Love sitting at the bar to wait for our table or eat at the bar. They have a wide range of liquors and wine. Great conversation can usually be had with the busy bartenders. This place is hopping and it is understandable why. I've met many repeat customers while I've been there and have recommended it to many friends. It looks like I need to start planning an evening in the city again. NOPA will definitely be on the agenda.
Dropped down a notch. Drinks unimpressive - kumquat caipirinha did not live up to its name. While the portions were big and fresh (pork chop/halibut/rotisserie chicken + broccoli rabe + olives/grapefruit slices), the food was like what I've eaten at countless other restaurants. No real wows in terms of taste.
When the renowned burger aficionado, Rene C., writes that a place makes his favorite burger, you take note. Literally: you bookmark it with the memo "Rene says get the burger."Then you wait patiently until you can actually get a reservation other than at 10pm on a Tuesday, and you come to NOPA. NOPA boasts a warm, high-ceilinged busy space. Staff are courteous and professional. (Although, I do wish our server would have told us that the beet & goat cheese appetizer was more goat cheese, less beets - something to share for sure, but not to order as a personal appetizer unless you want to have a heart attack before you even take a bite of the burger!) The spinach soup and mussels appetizers were quite nice. The show-stopper, however, was indeed the burger - cooked exactly how I asked for it, and made of very tasty, grass-fed beef. I added gruyere cheese and bacon and It. Was. Good.Get the burger.All your Renes are doing it . . .It's the cool thing to do.
Ok. Here it is. I heard so many many good things about this place and I just gotta try it. Let just say it isn't all that. Disappointed with service and food. We went on a busy Friday nite. Thank goodness we made reservation. Parking is horrible and we knew that so we all carpool in one single car.The place is as you know packed! Once seated, it took forever or felt like forever with our waitress to come to our table. I think I saw little of her that I didn't even know who it is at the time. We started out with a few appetizers. The clams were ok but they were so little in size and flavors. The flat breads were actually pretty good. That was probably our last taste of carbohydrates for the nite. Thank goodness I ate because I probably would of starve after that. I ordered the rotisserie roasted chicken. Very moist but very salty. What I couldn't believe is that they gave me a bed of greens to go with that. I am not on a zone diet. Where is my potato or rice?? My friend had the fish and they said it was dry. Remember, don't order the fish or chicken dishes. On the otherhand, the pork chops were good but their side dishes are awful as well. Did the chef forget what our mom always tell us to do when we were growing up, "to finish everything on our plate and leave nothing to waste because there are people out there that are starving." I guess these chefs forgot about that.I can't see myself coming back here again because parking was bad, service was bad and the food wasn't all that. I must give it to the dessert. We had donut-like with a maple sauce to dip it or I should say pour into it. I can honestly say that was the highlight of the night....dessert and red wine.
First off, I was a visitor from southern california and have only been to NOPA. So with that point of view this is my review. Upon entry, the vibe was off the hook, people hanging out, eating and drinking. The ambiance was very nice with the noise level of this place on a saturday night being a 3.5 out of 5. I ordered the grilled calamari with the squid ink, broccolini, etc, their flatbread pizza, a an old fashioned to go with that. The food overall was 3 out of 5 for me. the grilled calamari came out cold and with out any bold flavors working around it. The flatbread was decent with nothing too impressive about the pizza that i couldn't get at a typical flatbread pizza shop. My drink was spot on, a little stiff imo, however it tasted great. Overall the food was decent, but it was the vibe of the place that did it for me.
In sum, Nopa was good, but didn't live up to the hype. I tried a total of 3 items: the burger, the braised pork shoulder, and the custard French toast. I'd heard that the burger was on a whole 'nother level, which is why I wanted to try Nopa in the first place. It was good, don't get me wrong, but I'd name Umami burger, Prospect, and possibly Roam as better in that category. The custard French toast was pretty good, too. The toast was fluffy, the butter decadent, and the syrup rich and maple-y. There was a bit of an egg flavor from the custard, though, which I could have done without. Unfortunately, the braised pork could have been much better. While the flavor wasn't bad, the pork itself was half gristle and there wasn't much of it. I'd expect much more quality from an establishment with Nopa's reputation. As far as atmosphere goes, the decor was very friendly. However, we were seated upstairs in what felt like 90 degree heat with nothing but a few desk fans to cool us off. Despite some disappointment, the staff was very nice. All in all, I'm 50-50 on whether I'd recommend Nopa to my friends.
Excuse my French but GOD DAMN this place is good! Every single thing I've gotten here has been nostril flexing, eyebrow raising, butt clenching good. My favorite item on the menu is the burger served medium rare. This burger opened my eyes to what a real burger is supposed to be. When you bite into the burger you can taste the provenance of the ingredients. You can tell that the cow who sacrificed it's life did it with verbal consent. You know without a doubt that that cow wrote down "burger" when the teacher asked him (in this example) what he wanted to be when he grew up. The same goes for all of the other ingredients They all knew and wanted to be a burger, and you can taste it.
Always crowded, always great food with prompt friendly service! A great place for brunch, dinner or a late night hamburger. Park on the street walk in and enjoy yourself!
Love this place! Some people say it's a fancy park chow. I can see that but the food is more sophisticated and creative. I don't want to be repetitive because I'm sure most people have great things to say about this place. First of all, the wait service is great! They are extremely attentive. Our waiter came by to introduce himself and asked if we wanted drinks and we told him we needed a few more minutes. He came back in 5 minutes but we were still chatting and we told him we needed more time again. Most waiters would be annoyed by now with our indecisiveness. But this guy wasn't! He came back a little later and we were finally ready! He was still very courteous and made very good recommendations on what's good and what he thought was just ok. He was honest, I like that! We ordered a few appetizersFried sardines from the bay with a lime guacamole dip (so yummy)Piggy platter is a must order: delicious headcheese, sausages and other pig parts! Seared albacore poached in olive oil was amazingly deliciousEntrees:Special for a tuesday was a new york steak and pork shoulder wrapped with pork belly. Both were very good. The pork dish was a bit heavy since it had the pork belly in it. We shared that dish with the table. The pasta and roasted chicken were pretty spot on too. The chicken was a bit dry as you got closer to the bone but it's expected. We skipped on dessert! Overall a great place with great food. Parking does suck though!
We were here on a Wednesday. Diffucult to make reservation. But kind and professional service and great food (we eat veggie). One dish was small and we told the waiter, still no extra food.80$ for to main dishes and two glasses of wine. Heard a lot about it but find it a bit overrated.
I keep hearing about how good NOPA's pork chop was but never had a chance to try it. Everybody I've talked to say theirs is the best they've ever had. I finally got the chance to try it. My friend asked me to go on a Wed and reservations were for Sat. I was so anxious to finally have the opportunity to see what everybody was talking about. We started with a couple of appetizers, the flat bread and grilled calamari. The calamari was ok. I just wanted my pork chop. The flat bread was surprisingly good but my stomach was waiting for the pork chop. We waited a while and finally, the pork chop arrived. It was one HUGE slab. If I didn't know better, I would've thought it was steak. It was HUGE! See the picture for yourself. Now that I finally tried it I can honestly say "it's the best pork chop I've ever had". I've been waiting to say that since my friends asked me to NOPA. Then it was off to Candybar for dessert. Now that's another review...
Went here for brunch with the hubby while we were staying in the city for the weekend. I was afraid we wouldn't get a table right away since this place is really popular, but we got the last 2 spots in the communal table (Score!)I heard their burger was one of the best in the city and it did not disappoint. The beef was cooked perfectly and the bun was soft but did not get soggy or fall apart. The fries were nice and crispy, and came with ketchup and some great aioli. The highlight of the plate was the pickled onions though. I wasn't even going to eat it at first since I'm not the biggest fan of pickled things, but dammit those onions were awesome. They were so good we actually tried pickling our own onions the next day (which turned out not quite as good but still great). Got a couple bites of my hubby's French toast, which was also very good. I probably would have ordered this one but I really wanted to try the burger. Their portions here are ginormous, and we both could not finish our dishes. They had a good assortment of brunch-y cocktails, I got the "sparky wallbanger" 'cause of the cool name, and it was quite tasty.I definitely wouldn't mind coming back here for brunch, and would like to try their dinner someday too.
3 quick things worth noting.Highlight of my brunch: the homemade granola with yogurt and fruit. Sounds simple, but man oh man. A sublime fusion of crunchy, creamy, fresh.   Little gem lettuces: This little salad is unpretentious perfection. Lemon buttermilk vinaigrette, hazelnuts, cara cara oranges. Winning.French toast was a huge disappointment. Flavors were good but the custard was the killer. Made the toast too sweet and wet. That crispy/soft balance was totally compromised. (We were a table full of texture picky diners though) Sigh, sadness.Nopa is loud, hip, fun. No denying that.  If i had a choice, would give 3. 5 stars for their brunch. I'll be happy to go back to Nopa, but I won't swear by it.
Probably one of my current favorite San Francisco restaurants. The staff is super friendly, humble and hard working. The atmosphere is vibrant, and it's one of those places which has a chemistry to it that is very warm, active, and draws you in. The bar scene is nice and the food and service is excellent. It's a fairly loud restaurant, but that's part of the ambiance, which I love about this place.Food:The pork chop is my favorite, and I almost always either get one for myself, or split it. Hamburger - excellent and I would put it right up there with my other two favorites, Balboa Cafe and Absinthe.Their flat breads are to die for, we always get one or two to split amongst us. Sardines: I'm not a big Sardine fan, but you gotta try them at NOPA. They're awesome.I can't say enough about this place and although it's pricey, it's worth it due to the ambiance and food quality.
If I could rate dinner and brunch separately, I would give brunch a full 5 stars and dinner 2.5. The brunch food was unique and delicious. We started with the muffin appetizer which I was very skeptical about but turned out to be amazing. The soft scramble-also amazing. The bloody Marys were how I like them - spicy and not overly horse radish heavy. Dinner. I really wanted this dinner to be great and the appetizers we ordered were good. Unfortunately i felt the chicken entree lacked creativity and I could have made it at home. I would give the chicken 2 stars and the apps 3 stars. Overall I feel this place is overrated for dinner. Go for brunch though!!
One of the best restaurants in the city. Great for special occasions.Must have: grilled pork chop, hamburger
Ok, i love Nopa. I've been coming here since it first opened; several times a year. The food here is simple, but very well done.So no, the 1-star isn't because some waitress was rude, wasn't because the bartender was a dick, wasn't because they lost my reservation, wasn't because i had to wait a billion hours for a table.In a word: Diarrhea.Those of you with more refined tastes might want to stop reading *now*.If this had just happened once, eh, i wouldn't bother. But it's happened the last *two* times that i've been here! Just this week, and a couple of months ago as well.And we're not talking some "oopsies squirt"; you know, where you gotta bust out a fart, you raise one butt cheek a bit and.....oops, time to change the underwear!No, it's about an hour after the meal, i'm sitting on the couch watching some dumb-ass show, and my lower colon starts snapping like a circus whip. Seriously. I literally run to the bathroom and kaboom! My bunghole explodes as if somebody shoved a firecracker up there. I mean, we're talking chocolate-encrusted toilet bowl, it's all over the place, and i'm doubled-over in pain.Thankfully it doesn't last very long. It's over in a few minutes, and the next morning i can eat normally.But goddang, if i eat in your restaurant and i leave with an M80 shoved up my ass; sorry, but it's one-star for you!
I love this place! They have my favorite drink the Pisco Sour a traditional peruvian/chilean drink. I have not been able to find it in many places.The food is great. They cook a lot of what is in season. We always order some type of flatbeard and fried bussels spourts!For dinner I end up sharing with another friend because I love the country pork chop. The taglaitelie is good as  with the duck. The desserts are great as well. If they ever have the olive oil ice cream again, i definitely recommend it. With a drinks, dinner, appetizers and dessert for 4 it came out to around $50 a person.
We were seated upstairs overlooking the crowd below. The waiter knew the drinks menu inside and out and also went into great detail of food items. Food:Calamari - grilled not fried and really goodPork chops - pretty good Swordfish stew - pretty good but a little saltyRhubarb shortcake (rhubarb is in season right now) - sooo delish
First time here. Went for Sunday Brunch. Had the Brussels Sprouts, Poached Egg, Tasso Spiced Ham and Horseradish Cream. Very hearty and filling. Opened up with Goat Cheese Bread Pudding - Grapes and Upland Cress and Gem Salad. Shared with my two other guests. Ended with Chocolate Pot de Crme - Lavender Crme Anglaise and Buckwheat Cacao Nib Cookies and Trio of Ice Cream, Sherbet and Sorbet - Snickerdoodles. My guest had the Custard French Toast - Caramelized Apples and Maple Butter and Soft Scrambled Eggs -Bulgur, Spiced Chickpeas, Jasmine Rice and Parsley. All very good. Staff very friendly and knowledgeable. Next time, dinner it is.
Went here for the second time & it still WOW's me. The menu is updated everyday so you can eat things you've never had before. The garlic flatbread pizza is so good & the polenta side dish amazingly grows on you. Portions are bigger than you think they are, so I recommend under ordering family style & ordering more later if you're still hungry. This time around I had the poached albacore, little gem salad, & grassfed burger again which never goes wrong! Love it!
If God made a pork chop this is what it would taste like. I call it the Jesus Chop. I have been to NOPA many times and have given it a solid 4 stars every time but its about time I upgrade it to 5 stars. Their pork chop is the tastiest thing I've had in a long time. It's about $25 (I don't remember exactly). The staff is also incredibly friendly and helpful. Despite always being completely slammed they are calm and friendly. I also had the lavender pot de creme which was very tasty. All around - NOPA is easily in my top ten restaurants in SF.
We FINALLY made it to NOPA for brunch and the amazing custard French toast (on the BIg Eat SF list). NOPA lived up to its billing.The custard French toast was awesome, even as leftovers, and the coffee cake was delicious. Make a reservation a month ahead and then enjoy!
Hell yea! This place was AMAZING! I highly recommend getting a few appetizers to start, I really liked the tomato and cucumber salad. Also, get the Pork Chop (it comes out pink in the middle, but don't be scared). It's SO freaking good. Then for dessert get the sopapillas...to die for.The service is excellent as well.  I have a bit of a garlic intolerance and the server recommended dishes that didn't have garlic. He even made sure the cooks knew not to let garlic touch my plate. If you live in SF or are just visiting, go check out NOPA. You'll love it!
This is a good restaurant- I came here with a party of 12 after a concert and the service was great. One of the major pros is that NOPA is open until 1 am, which is a positive for people who are looking for something to eat late at night (ie after a concert/opera, etc).It is pretty pricey, though, but the food is very good and worth it. The large dining hall is also pretty busy and gives a nice feel to the restaurant as a whole. Recommended!
Ah, Nopa. What's there to say, really? On nights, your bar is a revelation, whipping up nice and boozy pre-prohibition, vaguely French concoctions at a pace brisk enough to get me where I need to go. Those nights, your smoked trout and your veggie sides are whetting the palate and hitting all the rights notes like that James Hetfield solo in Orion, priming me for a burger and fries reminiscent of One: indulgent, a little different, cheesy as hell, but goddamn if I don't want to eat it all up like a ravaged teenager, face flecked with fry salt and errant ketchup. On other nights, you are Reload. Crowded, phoned in, a soulless paint-by-numbers exercise in near self-parody. You've set the trend throughout the city, but it feels more like a race to the bottom than anything else. Lifeless, washed out, yet somehow entirely unrepentant. Still, when it's 12:45 and you just want to be comforted...Your options are pretty limited.
I went to nopa on a Friday date night. I love walking into any restaurant in San Francisco where u don't feel like you are sitting on top of the person next to you! This is a huge restaurant with tall ceilings that has a partial second level with a few tables. We scored a 2nd floor seat which was nice to give us a great perspective of the restaurant while not feeling like we were being constantly surrounded. To be fair I went with a vegetarian so I didnt quite order what I normally would have as I thought it would be nice to split an app and a couple entrees. The selection is fairly limited for the non meat eaters but we found some good choices that didn't disappoint but didnt exactly blow me away either. I do have to say that the service was great as well as the beer/wine selection. I'll definitely give this place a few more chances to wow me, though I suspect NOPA might be a better choice for a small group to sit at the bar or community table while enjoying some small bites and drinks.
The food is varied and every dish is amazing. I would highly recommend going family-style and sharing everything; there is simply too much to try. Our table of 3 tried the squash, mushroom + poached egg, chicken + cauliflower, pork chop, risotto, papperdelle, hamburger, and one other main course. There is too much to say for each of these, so this is more a list to myself. but you cannot go wrong with any of them.Dessert was decent but unspectacular; I liked the chocolate pot de creme most, while the pear and persimmon tartlet and trio of ice cream/sorbets were average.The service staff is pretty awkward, especially for a restaurant with this level of restaurant, but I'll forgive them on the basis of their excellence in food.
Fantastic brunch!Our party of 6 had a reservation at 11am on Sunday morning, right when they open. We arrived a bit early, and, to my surprise, we were allowed to come in and wait at the bar.When 11am rolled around, we were sat at a comfortably sized table in the middle of the dining area and handed short brunch menus. I LOVE WHEN RESTAURANTS HAVE SHORT MENUS! It's so much easier to get a sense for the food and to make a decision.I ordered the soft scrambled eggs, which I learned is typically served with different accompaniments each weekend. This time they were scrambled with summer herbs and served with a divine salad of arugula, tomatoes, and corn. A perfect match.My husband ordered the French toast with strawberries and lemon butter. This took a bit longer to come out, but before we even noticed, he was given a bowl of granola with yogurt and pluots, as well as an apology. His granola was the most delicious granola anyone at the table had ever tasted, and I later learned that the yogurt was homemade.When the French toast arrived, it was amazingly huge and beautiful. The way French toast rarely is these days, but the way it ought to be: so moist inside, flavorful throughout, and crispy on the edges. The lemon butter and the strawberries brought it to another level. He shared it with the group and we all were amazed at its perfection.We ordered tea with our breakfast and they had a great selection on their menu. They serve loose leaf tea (yeah tea cred!) and were happy to refill our pots when we were low.Service was phenominal. In such a busy restaurant and with a big party like ours, you'd expect it to at least be a little terse, but our servers were incredible.Prices are pretty reasonable, too!
Order the Blue Bottle Martini with Bourbon instead. You're welcome.
When this place first opened, I was "greeted" at the door by a pucker-faced girl who was absolutely Shocked that I would try to get a table there without a reservation. I knew that they were still getting their feet wet, so I waited to review this place. Waited a few years as it turns out. Went there for Liz's bday in August (drafted this review) and had: Herbed Chicken with California Melon Salad - 4 stars. They really do chicken well unlike a lot of places. Roasted Salmon - cooked medium rare - table next to us sent two back (said they were undercooked, which our server had warned us about). 4 starsAlso had Flatbread of Bacon (4 stars), Bronx Grapes, Caramelized Onions and Gruyre (4 stars)Tomato & Fruit Salad (5 stars)2 glasses of wine eachCost about $200 with tipVery few tables for reservation, but we were going early anyway, so that wasn't a barrier.I'm fine with rating a place that you've never been to if you at least tried to go there and were seriously offended at the door. I only felt like the girl was being rude, and pretentious but not offending me. Didn't want to rate the place without trying what I heard was amazing food. And it was.
Oh Nopa...We arrived late one Friday night and even though we were told it would be 30 to 45 minutes they had us seated in 15.The trip to the upstairs seating area was also made much easier thanks to the hostess taking our drinks up for us on a carrying tray.Although good, the drink I had gotten at the bar was too strong for my taste buds. "What's wrong, don't like your drink?" the waiter asked. "Pick another one, on us." The flat bread, pork chop and rack of lamb, AMAZING! Nothing else to say about that.And the lavender pot de creme desert, a little funny at first but absolutely delicious when mixed up. Basically, I have ZERO complaints about this place. ZERO. It was such a great and delicious experience that I would go back to San Francisco only for this restaurant. With that said, please, please, please bring one to Los Angeles!
Saw this on eater 38 and decided to try it during a recent trip to SF. Reservations were very difficult to get and I had to settle for a 10:45 PM reservation that felt like 12:45 AM to our bodies, so take this review with. Grain of salt. Food was just ok. Not bad but nothing blew me away. We weren't super hungry so we ordered fries and a steak to split. The steak definitely had an odd flavor to it that I couldn't quite place. I could see why some would like it, I just didn't. Atmosphere was great though. We had a table overlooking the bottom floor. Very nice interior. Would not be at the top of my list next time but if someone else booked it I wouldn't complain. Hopefully I'll be able to go back at a decent time.
I loved this restaurant, the burger was delicious. The service was good just remember to call ahead because reservations become filled quickly.
farro grits, housemade sausage, poached egg....clean flavors, great dish
I love this place. I used to eat here all the time, however I live far away now. I do eat here every time I come to sf to visit, just because the food is always so great with amazing cocktails as well.
Calamari Appetizer- yummy, but not life changing.Pappadelle with Lamb-yummy, but not life changing.Burger- yummy, but not life changing.Seared Duck- yummy, but not life changing.Overall- yummy, but not life changing.(GET IT?)
Make reservations as this place is booked on the weekends & parking is a pain so give yourself some time. On to the food!Blackberry coffee cafe - came out warm and deliciousCustard french toast (half serving) - Filling and was really good. It had butter and apples on it. (Glad I got only a half order!) Soft scrambled Eggs - Good but a bit saltySide of bacon - A bit overdone and saltyOverall service was great and the company was even better!
Finally scored a table after weeks of trying to walk in after 11pm in the middle of the week (Nopa is one of the few good restaurants serving food after 10:30.) It's loud but we were upstairs which was a little more intimate, our friend brought his own wines and we shared some with the bar servers who were very friendly. The smoked trout on flatbread with yogurt and mint was one of the best dishes I ever ate. The veggie tagine was ok, the nuts, olives and yogurt made it more interesting. We order the Mexican hot chocolate (thick sipping chocolate) with hot fried sopapillas (heaven) and the flan-like creme carmel with crunchy thin thing next to it me of a creme brulee. A great experience and worth the wait.
Came here upon the suggestion of a fellow Yelper and friend from college. I was not disappointed! The menu had some interesting items, without being too weird or extravagant. Among the three of us, we had the fried fish salad, baked pasta, duck, grass fed hamburger, pecan tart, and smokey creme brulee. I recomend the salad, hamburger, and duck. I personally thought the desserts were just okay, but my friend really liked his creme burlee. We were also bugging the waitress with so many questions because we were all pretty indecisive that night, and she was such a doll about it.  All in all, I left with my tummy satisfied and with a smile on my face from the atmosphere, service, and good company. Pictures uploaded.Edit: I lied, guess he didn't like the creme brulee after all. Haha! "It was a cool concept and process to make the dish. But I can't dig creme brulee that tastes like beef jerky!"
Warning - Burger review only! So fellow burger lovers, you may have heard that 7x7 Magazine said that NOPA's burger was the #3 burger in the city and in our travails we were excited to finally get to try it tonight.Melanie N, Andrei Z and I hit up a mostly empty NOPA at 6pm on a Friday and the wait was said to be until 8:15 or so for us to get sat - doh!Luckily, we enjoyed a drink first and waited it out only to be sat just as we were finishing that first round so we eagerly sat down and ordered the same thing we did at #4 burger spot, Mission Beach Cafe: flatbread and the burger.The flatbread was pretty good, but it wasn't outstanding like the one at MBC. Of course the real deal was the burger so when our meat arrived, we eagerly prepared our burgers with the appropriate accouterments. The pickled onions and thick mayo were my faves and the burger was perfectly medium rare and incredibly juicy.The bun was toasted with a nice little pattern on top and held up well throughout the meal. I'm not sure what farm the meat came from but it was delicious. The bacon we all chose to add was good, but I definitely like the thick slabs at Mission Beach better. Overall though, the burger was a solid one and definitely worth the price. The fries that accompanied the burger were good but nothing to write home about. Overall though this burger did live up to its reputation.
I love the energy of this place. Seriously. The two-floored restaurant filled with vibrant murals and amazing full-bar service greeted us with a big smile. Very Prompt.We had a rsvp at 8pm, arrived at 7.55pm and got seated right away. (+1 *)Excellent Service. Emmanuel, our waiter was super attentive, and even offered my friend an exchange for a better drink when hers wasn't satisfying.(+1 *)Gratifying Meal.(+1 *)Make sure to order the chicory salad with poached egg. Break that yolk, mix it around and enjoy the superb gooeyness. It's far from gross and really tasty. The flatbread with sausage is really good too. Simple, and fresh, it's pretty much resembling a pizza with generous chunks of sausage and grated gruyere. Very finely prepared. The portions in here is quite generous I should say. (+1 *)Price is really reasonable and the drinks are great. Since they have a full bar, you can always get your own drinks that's not on the menu.(Well, we kinda waited after 2 appetizers to arrive before receiving our drinks, perhaps coz the bar was busy...)Breads aren't served, so don't be cheap and order some sides (like the polenta, which is awesome).I got the wood baked cod. Baked perfectly, nice char on the outside, moist flesh inside, but I do wish that the dish wasn't so overly dressed with the super creamy sauce thats drenching my fish and got my brussel sprouts swimming. uhmm. My friends got the pork chops and burger. They all seem quite satisfied. Again, watch out for that portion. Nice and generous!Desserts oh desserts. Get the warm souffle chocolate. (accompanied with smoked chocolate mousse). We also tried their blood orange upside down cake. Not too bad, but a little on the overly-sweet side.
I'd been wanting to go for a long time but never really had the right occasion until my uncle came into town. It was worth the wait - I loved everything we ate.But first we had to wait for our reservation (we were early) at the bar. To be honest, I was less excited about the cocktails than I expected. I had the manzanita, which was overly smoky, and I tried the lock, which was too strong for me. But the fresh-squeezed orange juice was fantastic!The fried brussel sprouts were excellent, as they should be - fried, with a Parmesan sprinkling and fried clementine slices. Like many of the dishes, this had a lot of (well applied and used) fat. I also really liked some small fish on toast with carrot hummus - man, that was tasty. I had smoked duck leg with lentils and sausage. Wonderful, although there was only one little tiny sausage link, which seemed kind of silly. We ended up having so much food that I took most of it home anyway. The burger was delicious, and I appreciated that they did make it well done when it was requested. The black cod seemed a little lighter than the other entrees but I really loved the crispy edges. The only miss, food-wise, for me was the broccoli side dish. THAT was smoky too, and otherwise kind of plain.
Very good food, and very good service.I had the burger, and it's one of the best I've ever had!downside is the noise factor.
I ate here last night and really enjoyed it. To start off, we ordered the "little fried fish with Romesco sauce" and the "warm goat cheese, pickled beets, frisee and crostini." The fish was great. I'm not sure what kind of fish it was, but it was very, well, fishy. The deep frying that covers up the fishy taste of a traditional fish & chips did not do so here. The romesco sauce was a nice complement. As for the goat cheese crostini, I'm pretty easy to please since I've never met goat cheese I didn't like.For my entree, I ordered the baked pasta with house-made ricotta. The house-made ricotta was what lured me; it was fine, but not noticeably better to me than less fresh versions you can buy at the store. The rest of the pasta dish was interesting; it was sort of like a lasagna that someone slammed their fist on: not as thick as lasagna and drowning in spinach and sauce. Maybe not the most appetizing description, but trust me, it's good.For dessert I ordered the burnt honey creme brulee, served with a butter cookie. It was very rich creamy and had a great crust.To drink, we ordered a bizarre wine. It was a Gamay from France called "La Guillaume." We had plenty of fair warning that the wine was an acquired taste - in fact, we wished the sommelier would pipe down and let us try it already - and it delivered as promised. As the sommelier explained, it was a very sour wine that tasted strongly of apple cider. I wouldn't order it again, but I'm glad I tried something new. I also tried an interesting cocktail made with cocchi, a spiced dry white wine that NOPA's sommelier would be happy to elaborate on. That was more up my alley.
Tight space but very chic. Bring your significant other (or potential one) here for some ambiance. Couldn't snag a reservation, and table waits were pushing an hour and a half, so luckily we were able to grab some bar seats after eagle-eyeing a couple leaving after signing their check. I had the King Collins which was a little sweet for my tastes, and my girlfriend got the Liquid Sword, which she enjoyed (and I appreciated the GZA/Wu-Tang name). And only $10? What? NYC would charge you your first born and social security # on top of $15. I was a little annoyed it took awhile to come out, but I realized it was just busy and the bartender wasn't ignoring me--in fact, he was very attentive in always asking if we were ok or needed anything later on. The flatbread with bacon was tasty and the goat cheese was also solid. Just come early or make a reservation or be prepared to need a "backiotomy" (watch Chappelle's Show for the reference). I'd like to try the grass-fed burger next time.
On my Top Ten Favorites.Nopa just does everything I need in a restaurant. Top notch bar bites that change daily. Open every day of the week. Perfectly made cocktails. Friendliest of staff. Extremely accommodating. Best salads with the freshest ingredients. Delicious desserts. And reallly cool menus, btw...
Ok. Food good. Even very good.  But being at this restaurant was annoying. We showed up for our reservation, but the table wasn't ready. So we took a seat at the long communal high table in the entry to rest my braced knee ( having given up the crutches at the door.) It wasn't long before we were asked to move so that other guests who didn't have reservations could sit there. Yea. I was a bit annoyed at that. It was kind of rude and unaccommodating. When we were finally seated, Dinner was quite good, as were the special cocktails. Pasta with with the 9 hr bolognese followed a tasty appetizer. For me the pork chop was a delicious dinner. Come here and you are going to get tasty food and good drinks. But brace yourself for the loud and crowded dining room and the push around of a too popular bistro.
Oh NOPA, you stepped out of a dream.My brother was in town for Labor Day weekend, so we made a 10:30 PM reservation for dinner at NOPA. I thought that it would be ridiculously late. Walking out of the apartment at 10, I felt like I should have been winding down for the night, as it was Sunday. Boy was I wrong. Walking into NOPA, we were transported to 8 PM on a Saturday night. The place was packed from top to bottom, with drinks everywhere at the bar. I started with a glass of rose and then had the sunshine fix after seeing several people ordering it. The sunshine fix was delicious, I want one right now in fact!While the main entrees were not as great as the appetizers, the food overall was great! We shared the flat bread and albacore to start, and then had a medium-rare burger (tasted more like a medium, we wanted it to be juicier) and the pork chop--which was god-sent. Dessert was taken elsewhere, but now I find that chocolate pot-de-creme lingering in my mind. Wonderful atmosphere, PERFECT for a date or a fun dinner out with your sib or bestie. I'll have to come back again and again.
One of my favorite restaurants in SF.Food: Changes daily. Flavorful, fresh and never disappoints. The flatbread appetizer is a standard order.Drink: Order the espresso martini (not on the menu, made with Blue Bottle Coffee).Atmosphere: The chef's counter is always a delight.Make reservations unless you like long waits or elbowing your way to a bar seat.
5 stars is for their AMAZING $13 burger (which btw is house ground so when they ask you how you'd like the meat to be cooked - say MEDIUM!). When they ask if you would like bacon and cheese, say YES! :) (+ $3 extra) Don't underestimate the size of this burger. It may look small, but the patty is thick and will fill you up. It was so juicy and tender that I caught myself almost eating it all at once without putting it down. Just thinking about that burger just got me hungry.We sat at the bar because the wait was something ridiculous like an hour and a half. I actually called in that afternoon to see if we can make a reservation and their earliest was 930pm? Hmm no. We stood by the bar and to our surprise, even with a few couples ahead of us, we managed to sit down in 20 min. Not bad. The service was INCREDIBLE. I regret not asking the bartender who served us for his name because he was just off the wall. He was attentive, knew when our cups were empty, got us everything we wanted, asked how our meals were, gave fantastic advice, was friendly and funny - ABOVE AND BEYOND.I'll definitely be back, many many times (.. and will make reservations days ahead :))
Very good brunch place. Made it here around noon on a Sunday for brunch and got on the hour long wait list, but that wasn't a problem at all since it's in the neighborhood of the Painted Ladies and a local farmers' market! Lots of fun little things to check around the area in the down time.The service and food were both great. I had the whiskey stewed pork with poached eggs and it hit the spot; the waiter was spot on on the egg recommendation!My friends and I also shared the custard french toast with poached pears and loved it.It did seem a bit pricey for the portion size, but we left satisfied and not bloated!Not bad and a definite recommendation to any friends stopping by SF.
Decided to try NOPA with my bf for my bday. We made reservations, but the earliest reservation was 8:45pm. As I walked into the restaurant, I can hear the buzzing from all the people socializing around the bar. We arrived early, but we were seated within 10mins.Our dinner consisted of the following-Little Fried Fish (like a fresh fish stick)-Flat Bread..yummmmm! a must try minus all the onions =(-Pork Chop...delicious even though I barely finished half...meat was tender and juicy-Half chicken...skin was crisp and crunchy while the meat was moist and tenderOur waiter was very UNattentive. -1 star for horrible service.
NOPA is my favorite bookend to an evening that often starts with Happy Hour but somehow becomes a game where I try to touch my elbow to as many different bar surfaces as possible. I will often arrive at this wunder-diner on those spontaneous nights, ready to perform some preventative therapy on the dreaded morning after. Excellent service, very good food, pretty folks.
Just visiting San Francisco and my brother told me we had to go here. We went on a Saturday about 10pm. The place was busy so we waited at the bar until a couple seats opened up. Really cool place. The kitchen is open so you can watch everything they do. We shared the pork chop entree, the smoked trout with toasted quinoa and Manila clams with fennel sausage. The pork chop was thick and EXTREMELY tender and juicy. Best ever. The smoked trout was also spectacular. The toasted quinoa added an amazing crunch to the dish. Very well balanced. The Manila clams came in tomato broth that was light but packed with flavor. One of the better dining experiences I've ever had. The bartender will keep the drinks flowing and they have exceptional whiskey cocktails.
To save me from writing a super long review and from you having to read one, lets keep it simple and say this:Food: A+Drinks: A+Service: A+Ambiance: A+
It was alright. I had a pork belly/pouch egg salad ...very nice! And, the 'PIggy Platter" ....AMAZING!But, my wife had an over-done hamburger; nothing special. Fries; nothing special.And, our guest had a New York strip, that was tough, flavorless, and not very pretty. (the same old boring sear marks.)[and yes, I'm being brutal here]Tables too close, noisy, blah, blah, blah.Suggestions to the GM: maybe some Creekstone Beef, french fries in duck fat, loose 15% of the tables, and what about the street bum(s) opening the doors ...get some heavy shoes out there! Will I go back? No!
NOPA is a good place to go for a nice dinner out...I think I would have been more enthusiastic about the place if I was commonly in the practice of spending $80+ on dinner, but since I'm not, I expect more when I spend that much. My boyfriend and I came on a Friday night with reservations. The place was absolutely packed. The space is fairly trendy, with an upstairs loft that looked like it might be fun to sit at. Of course, all the hardwood and the high ceilings means that NOPA is LOUD. I guess that, and the dim lighting, contributes to the feel that the restaurant is going for. One thing I noticed immediately was how few couples alone there were. Most people there were large groups of friends, couples on double dates, etc. I wish I had realized this prior to making the reservation. In addition, our waitress gave us a very strange vibe, perhaps because we were a bit younger than most people there. Anyway, on to the food...to start, we had the goat cheese with crostini. The crostini were soaked in olive oil and baked to a crispy and tasted very good with the hot goat cheese. We even got more crostini when we finished the ones on our plate. For my entree, I had the signature pork chop, which was absolutely the most enormous pork chop I had ever seen. It was indeed delicious, but just so much meat. There were brussels sprouts and some sort of puree on the side, but very little of it. I wish the sides were just a little big bigger. I ended up taking half the pork chop home. My boyfriend had some sort of fish that was seriously 1/4 of the size of my pork chop. I think he had polished it off before I had even made real progress on my dish. Kinda strange portions. For dessert, we had the sopaipillas, which I no longer remember that much about, so suffice to say they were fine.
I kind of had no idea Nopa was so popular, but yes, it's a great restaurant! no unmet expectations here.
I had lunch here today with friends around noon. The place was packed when we arrived. I had been forewarned that it can be difficult to drop in and get a table on the weekend, so luckily I made reservations a month out. We started by ordering cocktails from the bar. We ordered the orange cocktail, ramos gin fizz, and bloody Mary, which had quite the kick. We ordered:-Cream biscuit with pumpkin butter-Custard French toast (one piece is plenty)-Wood grilled Chorizo-Grass fed hamburger
I'm feeling torn between four and five stars. I had fantastic appetizers, a fantastic cocktail, the service was beyond impeccable, but my dinner wasn't all that faboosh. I saw down with a large group of friends and immediately was asked about what I'd like to drink. I can't stress enough how great the service was. Everyone was friendly and attentive. The table settings were great, the decor was great, the view, the lighting, etc. I was just really impressed.However, I ordered the mussels for an entree and was less than impressed. Perhaps it was because everything up until that point was perfect. Some of them were cooked and a small percentage of them were raw and runny. Really only 2 or 3 out of the entire bowl. The broth was good though and the croutons at the bottom of the bowl were my favorite!I would absolutely recommend this restaurant for a date, a place to take a boss to dinner, a party or just a place to pop in and enjoy a great meal. People in my group were saying that the pork chop and the lamb were amazing. I'll be sure to try one of those dishes next time!
Simply put the food is outstanding. From the flatbreads to the burger, everything is fresh and delicious! They are always busy and that's the mark of a restaurant with good food
I'm a fan of NOPA.My first time here was one late Sunday night and I had the halibut, holy deliciousness! I also had a cake like dessert, although the name slipped my tired but satisfying food coma brain, it was tasty. I also ended dinner with persimmon leaf tea, and since then I have been on the hunt to get some for my own personal consumption. Sat at the bar on that visit, the bartender Caleb was awesome, service was really good.Now onto our latest visit, hubby and I ordered the manila clams, it was flavorful and good but the clams themselves weren't great (I prefer plumper clams).However, the sopapillas were beyond delicious, with the blood orange carmel drizzle and ice cream, ohhhhh heaven on earth! The service at the bar that night was excellent as well.So 1 less star for the oh-not-so-plump-clams with over smoked tomatoes.....
Everything about NOPA screams 5 stars! So, why not 5 stars? The desserts...Ahhh, I've been wanting to come here for almost 1.5 years now after seeing it on Check, Please! Bay Area. I finally had the pleasure of coming here on Friday night with the ladies.FOOD/DRINK:*Pisco Sour: Rum w/ lime and egg white froth. It was quite good and tasted like a lime meringue pie. Strong lime flavor. *Little Fried Fish (Sardines) w/ Lemon Aioli: YUM! The sardines were lightly battered and fried. The sardines were fresh; no smelly fish smell. The meat was tender and flaky. The lemon aioli added creaminess and a nice citrus flavor to counterbalance the slight oiliness from the batter.*Flatbread w/ Pink Lady Apples, Brussels Sprouts, and Blue Cream Cheese: I knew we had to order the flat bread based on the rave reviews and I'm glad we did. The flat bread was perfectly cooked, it was thin enough to give you a good crunch and hearty enough to hold up to the toppings. The apples and the cheese was a perfect combination of salty, sweet, and savory. The blue cream cheese had a zing but isn't as strong as what you would expect from the pungency of blue cheese. This is a MUST order for apps.*Country Pork Chop w/ Fingerling Potatoes and Broccolini: Pork chop is normally not my first choice in meat as it tends to be dry. But, after having NOPA's porkchop, I was BLOWN AWAY. The double-cut chop was cooked medium and was topped with a vinaigrette compote. The vinaigrette added a zip to the pork and balanced out the richness of the meat. I've never ever had pork so tender and moist. It was even more tender than some filet mignons I've had in the past. Didn't really care for the potatoes and broccolini as the star of the plate was the MEAT!*Sopaippilas (Beignets) w/ Honey Butter Sauce: Eck! This was NOT good! The sopaippilas were dry, dense, and tasteless. The honey butter sauce was an orange infused maple syrup which was awful. One bite and it was game over. *Warm Double Chocolate Cookies w/ Almond Milk: The cookies were good; but aren't all warm freshly baked cookies good? It was chocolately, rich, and not too sweet. But, nothing to write home to mom about. The "almond" milk didn't do much for the cookie as there was no almond flavor in the milk at all. SERVICE: Our waitress was quirky and didn't seem all to happy to be there. We asked for her recommendation and she basically said everything was good (that was no help). What was odd, is that every time we tried to look for her, she was no where to be found. And, we would noticed that plates and other items was missing from out table. It was as if she was the phantom waitress and removed things when we weren't looking. Weird!CROWD: Young professionals and hipsters. AMBIANCE/DCOR: I love the openness of the restaurant from the high wooden ceilings and 12-foot windows which is stunning but homey at the same time. Upon walking in, there's a communal table and bar area to your left which is PACKED! There's a glass wall the separates the bar from the dining area which is great, so you don't get spillage from the bar and have people overlooking your table. I love the open kitchen, so you can have a view of the chefs in action. This place is PACKED which means it can get very loud. PARKING: Horrendous street parking. If you live in the city, take the cab instead. I would definitely come back to NOPA and recommend it to friends esp for the flat bread and pork chop! Thank you NOPA for NOW making me a Pork Chop FAN!
Had dinner for 6 last night. We were sat at 6:00 (first seating), and left around 9:00 -- a 3-hour dinner? Yes, we enjoyed each other's company, and the place was crowded, but there were SEVERAL times we had a hard time getting the attention of a waiter, and were left wondering if we had been forgotten about. Servers were friendly and helpful, but the overall service was excrutiatingly slow.As to the food, it was excellent, and for that reason, I would return. We had numerous starters to try, including tomatoes, green salad, sardines, goat cheese/crostini, french fries/dip, etc. The only one that was generally considered to be not the best was the sardines.Entrees we tried included the pork chop, hamburger, halibut and lamb -- everyone was happy with the entrees. I had the pork chop, served with roasted brussels sprouts and potatoes. The chop was juicy and tasty -- one of the best I've had. For dessert, we shared the sopapillas (with a spiced chocolate drizzle) and a flan (or creme brulee?) with poached pears (these are my descriptions -- I don't remember how they were described on the menu!). Both were very good.Anyway -- go for the food, and be prepared for a long night.Also, it's a bit noisy, but not overwhelmingly so.
The braised rabbit was amazing! Also the pork chop and that bolognese small plate, so delicious. This place is highly recommended! (Not that you already didn't know that)Also, the $10 parking available around the corner was extremely convenient.
I had to make a reservation here 3 weeks in advance but when I finally got there with my group of 4 and we sat upstairs. Man oh man, it was well worth the planning. The menu was varied but lots of attractive options. We ordered the calamari, flatbread, and the asparagus salad as our first wave. The calamari was pan fried and not deep fried so I wasn't expecting that. The flatbread was by far the star. It was crispy and light. Asparagus salad...the asparagus was still crispy even though there's a lot of juice and oil in the dish.Later, we got the halibut, pork chop, the pasta, and the lemon broccoli as part of the second wave. The pork is definitely as advertised. Soft, with a little fat, but full of flavor. It was a little more "pinK" than I liked. As we got closer to the middle, the meat was not cooked thoroughly. But considering how good it was, I ate the rest hoping that I won't get sick from eating medium rare pork. The halibut and pasta were nice dishes but the lemon broccoli was a nice surprise. It was literally like eating lemon flavor with broccoli as the side dish. I was taken aback but that was certainly something that I will order again.No desserts this time but there will be a next time that's for sure. $45 per person after tax and tip so it wasn't a wallet/purse buster that it could be. The place was packed past 8:30pm on a weeknight so this place must know what they are doing.
I've stopped in to NOPA a few times throughout the years (since opening) and each time it never ceases to amaze me. From the space itself to the service to the food, everything is top notch. This is one of the few places I go to where I can pay in the mid-$20's for a plate of food and really feel like I am getting great value in both quantity and quality. My NOPA faves include the pork chop, which is so large that finishing it is a challenge in itself. While gargantuan, the flavor is fantastic and it's always cooked to perfection. The giant white beans appetizer is great every time I get it, and the brussels cooked with sherry and pork belly are so delicious. Their use of bread crumbs on the salad in lieu of croutons is both creative and tasty. The lamb is fall-off-the-bone delicious, and I give extra points for serving me some very aggressive and edgy cuts of lamb last night. Even the desserts are carefully done, a recent standout being a pumpkin souffle cake with sage caramel and buttermilk ice cream. Yum. On top of the amazing food, NOPA's bar serves up some pretty fantastic cocktails. Many carefully-crafted pre-prohibition style cocktails grace the menu, but alongside site creative new drinks like a rum sidecar. Overall, there be some quality craft-cocktails going on here. Add in extra points for carrying Clear Creek grappa. Portland represent! Finally, the service and staff are all fantastic. They don't miss a beat. That's all I have to say. Brilliance. Each and every time I come to NOPA I am seriously impressed, and the consistency with which they have blown me away over the years simply strengthens my belief in their skills. I wish we had one in Portland.
Sure of course. Everyone speaks of the wonderful pork chops, the fabulous cocktails or to die for french toast for brunch.But have you tried their hot chocolate? I mean... Holly mollly. Their Hot Chocolate is what sets them apart. Yes, that's highly unorthodox, sure. But do yourself a favor. Order it. Just as you are ordering your butter basted eggs and the french toast to share (hey, maybe you're splurging and you even order the biscuits !) , order that hot chocolate. It is just that good.
The food is great, the drinks are even better, but the truth is that getting a table is a real P.I.T.A. Would go more often if I could do it without feeling like I'm in a cattle car.
My buddy raved about the burger here among other things so we had to try it on our trip up. Fun atmosphere. We arrived at 10:30 for our resi and they were still seating people later at 11:30.Apps: Flatbread - Great caramelized onions and ham topped with some gruyere. Great flavors.Goat Cheese - Decent goat cheese, nothing spectacular but tasty.I got the burger, medium rare, with cheddar and bacon. It was cooked to perfection and one of the better quality burgers I have had in a long time. Really nice brioche bun and good pickled onions.What put this place over the top was the pork chop that my wife ordered. Hands down the best pork chop I have ever eaten. Perfectly cooked and tender with great seasonings. Next time I come back here I will be getting that for sure.
It's not difficult to see why NOPA is one of San Francisco's hottest dining destinations. The high-ceilings and long bar room setup just oozes cool, and the food and drink menus are smart as hell. It strikes the perfect balance between classy and casual, pretty much the epitome of what I prefer in a restaurant; you can walk in here in just jeans and a t-shirt, while still expect excellent service and exceptional food.The bf and I came in for a late dinner on a weeknight, around 10:30pm. We were quoted an hour wait for a table without a reservation, but fortunately found two seats on the high top communal table in the bar area within 10 minutes. I was surprised to see how packed the place was on a Wednesday evening, looks like NOPA really fills the niche in a city where really good food and drinks late at night are hard to find. The crowd is pretty eclectic and varied as well, everyone from bankers and suits, to the intellectual Silicon Valley type. We ordered a few plates to share as it was pretty late and we were technically having a second dinner. First to come was the piggy plate, consisting of headcheese, liver mousse and smoked tenderloin all prepared in-house. I was pleasantly surprised by how delicate the headcheese was, with just a little bit of gelatin strewn throughout as well as some carrots and other baby vegetables. It may be a little intimidating in appearance, but it was certainly welcoming in flavor. By contrast, the liver mousse was totally robust and livery, a little strong for me at first, but I warmed up to it after the first few bites - especially after I packed some whole grain mustard on top. The smoked loin was my favorite component on the plate, very lean yet nicely smokey in flavor. Next to come was the flatbread of the day, with fennel sausage, tomato, mozz, pickled onions and arugula. I really liked the thin crust on the flatbread, and how they chop it up just a little bit for easy handling. Pizza purists may think that the plethora of toppings is overkill for the thin crust, but I really loved the marriage of all the components, especially the fennel sausage and pickled onions. The flatbread was hands down my favorite dish of the evening. Although the bf and I were both pretty satisfied by this point (the portions are much larger than we had anticipated), we still had the house-made pappardelle. The handcut pasta was cooked a little softer than what I'd normally prefer, but I enjoyed the ragu enough to finish my portion. For a pasta dish, the pappardelle is actually pretty light. Good thing too, leaving us room for dessert - the espresso and date rum ice cream terrine to be exact. While every dessert option sounded fantastic and interesting, the bf let me make the final decision even though he isn't a fan of espresso or coffee. The terrine turned out to be quite amazing, a ice cream parfait like concoction with a nice balance of sweetness from the dates and bitterness from the espresso and cacao nib cookies. NOPA is a beautiful and fun place to visit, good for any occasion. I could totally see myself coming here all the time if I lived in SF (which I probably never will - sorry, SF), but it's just a chill restaurant that I wish existed in NYC. Their drink menu is amazing as well, with plenty of interesting cocktails and a smart wine list. I'd highly recommend the off-dry and very acidic Riesling Kabinett 2011. Which reminds me, I gotta track down a bottle of that for myself...
Tip: we came on a Monday night and there was no line, but they say you should book in advance on weekends.NOPA has an excellent reputation, so our expectations were high. On seeing the appetizers we realized that the dishes represent a complete harmony of rich flavor and beautiful presentation. Elegantly designed, successfully harmonized, well crafted, mouthwatering meals - not small bites, but real meals - and service to match this high standard. The trophy of the evening would have to be a tie between the smoked trout, roe, and toasted quinoa salad, where the flavors harmonized perfectly, and the heavenly duck leg with butternut squash, which was simply delectable. We also had a delightful side of warm goat cheese and crostini. The whole meal was just perfect. Thank you, Chef, you are a pro!
Nopa is one of my favorite restaurants in SF! The food is a little pricey, but well worth your dollar! Also, Nopa has THEE best burger in SF! For about 13 bucks you get a huge, grass-fed burger with some delicious french fries! When I say "best", I mean it! Everything on the menu is divine! If you haven't eaten there yet, go! Trust me, you will not be disappointed!
I feel dirty being the loner on this post, but I have to be honest--my experience wasn't great. To be fair, I know there's potential so I'll be back.I had the seared ahi, though nowhere on the menu did it say the fish would be served cold. At least if it were named nicoise seared ahi, I would have had different expectations.I tried my friend's pappardelle pasta and I've had better. Perhaps, they were in a rush to serve it because my friend was late and we were almost finished with our meal, but the sauce was runny and think could have been cooked longer.Overall, service was friendly, atmosphere was very well designed, but food was sub-par. I do plan to return to give it another try, though, but before that---next stop is Nopalito!
Unfortunately, I have to say.."NO" to NOPA!After all the hype and talk about the good food, especially pork chop..we made a late night reservation last week for tonight. After 30 minutes of just trying to find parking we finally made our way through the front door.Though we arrived early we managed to get seated right away in the upstairs dining area. The place itself is crowded and VERY loud, we could barely hear ourselves over the noise.Our server came over and recommended the pork chop and Alaskan sole after asking her what she liked best. We also decided on two appetizers, the calamari with chirizo and the fries with roasted garlic aioli.The appetizers were both forgettable. The calamari was surprisingly small for the price and would have had no flavor without the spicy bites of chirizo. The fries were soggy streak fries and although the aioli itself was good, it wasn't worth the 6 bucks.Out come our dishes:My pork chop was tender at first but then the more I cut into it, i realized it consisted mainly of pure FATTY parts. Most of it was inedible. Whoever said this place had "hands down" the best porchop, probably never ventured over to the east bay and tried a TRULY great pork chop at the Peasant and the Pair, where they used a boneless cut of double thick pork and absolutely not a single bite of fat. Truly dissapointing..and who serves a pork chop with tiny little lentils? I would have preferred garlic mash or cheesy polenta. On the plus side, the vegetable side of kale was seasoned well and the only thing I enjoyed.Hubby's Sole:Although quite tender and flaky, it was rather flavorless without the broth on the bottom..only they never gave him a spoon to eat it with. The mushrooms in the dish actually had more flavor than did the main course itself.Afterward, the waitress comes back and removes all our plates..I was very stunned that she did not even ask if we wanted to take nearly half of my uneaten pork chop home or the nearly half full bowl of fries. For the price you pay here, you would think they would show more courtesy and show more common sense. For dessert I went with the geranium pound cake with yuzu and ice cream. The dessert itself was actually pretty decent. I loved the rose infused ice cream, which the waitress said came from the garden up on the restaurants roof. I totally support local and sustainable, though, I'm afraid even the dessert in itself could not save this entire uneventful evening.Oh and FYI- when I had made reservations I had them make a note that it was for a belated anniversary. However, we were treated no differently, the waitress did not even comment on the reason we were there and although I wasn't necessarily expecting a complimentary dessert or item, it's usually been my experience at other dining places that they at least write happy anniversary on your dessert plate and stick a candle into the thing. Especially when our entire bill was over $80 before tip!Nopa..I had such high hopes for you but alas, you have disappointed the mister and I greatly tonight and it would be a tough sell to get us to come back for another round.
What's a "shrub"? Oh, a very girly drink, but pretty good. What about "rocky bramble"? "Rocky" just sounds manlier.. oh wait, it's pink. Damn. Well they were some good drinks, and I'm man enough to hold a pink drink in my hand! At least I've knocked another one off of the 7x7 list...On to the food. The little fried fish were good-- very soft on the inside, and the batter tasted very light for something that's deep-fried. The flatbread was also good. By the way, what the heck is the difference between flatbread, pizetta, and pizza???My entree was the pork chop. Two friends immediately said "GET THE PORK CHOP!" as soon as I mentioned that I'm going. Done, and not regretting it. Very tender, perfectly cooked pork. My friend had a bite and commented, "It tastes like Christmas ham." I guess that's true -- it's VERY ham-like. Damn now I just think of ham (ooh rhymes) with every bite. The pork chop at Bistro Jeanty and Boulevard were probably a little bit better, but this one was damn good nonetheless. I also had a bite of the chicken, which was pretty good as well.For dessert, we had a pound cake topped with lemon ice cream and some berry sauce, along with a rhubarb and strawberry crumble. The pound cake was good; the cake was light and not dense like most pound-cakes, and the lemon ice cream went very well with it. The rhubarb crumble was VERY tasty, and was easily the highlight of the meal. Nopa is very representative of Californian cuisine, and every dish is good. However, nothing there really blew my mind, except maybe the rubarb crumble. I'll have to make a return trip when the menu changes, to see if there's anything that will completely amaze me.
I really love that this place was a grocery store when I was a kid and has been transformed to a spectacular space.I split an appetizer, entree (pork chop) and dessert and was well fortified. I enjoyed the smokiness of the pork chop and was glad we split it. I am looking forward to going back to try more of the menu
Best meal I've had in years!!! A little pricey, but so worth it. No snobby vibe, either. Great customer service, and again, amazingly delicious food! Yum!!
I've been wanting to try NOPA for so long and finally made it out to the city after almost a year! First on my list was for sure NOPA. I called in for a reservation, brought my own bottle of vino which had a corkage of $20, no biggie. The wines on the menu were quite pricey anyways. The pork chop was beyond amazing. It's seasoned so well and had this delicious golden crust wrapped around the outside, while sealing in all the porky juice inside. The meat was pretty pink, but I trusted NOPA and they didn't fail me. I highly recommend ordering this dish. the brussel sprouts that came with it were quite tasty. I ordered of the duck confit which i was thought was pretty mediocre. I was hoping for a nice crispy crust on the outside of my duck, but instead it was all soft and wet. The meat did fall off the bone, but it definitely wasn't as tasty as the pork. You salivate by just looking at the big hunk of pork, and when you bite into a slice.. you salivate some more... THAT'S when you know its good.We also ordered the roasted succotash dumpling, except there was no dumpling. Did i miss something? I was definitely very confused with this one, but it was tasty with hints of curry. the shell of the succotash was a bit hard though.. I wouldn't order this again... just go for the pork. :) W h a t  i  d i g ambiance is sexy cool and everyone is super friendly. I just love SF!
One of my favorite places to eat in the city by far. Never fails to impress visitors or friends and is my go to for last minute dinner plans with friends. Call ahead for a table reservation or groups larger that 2/3 but if the option is there to sit at the bar take it! The bartenders are amazing and have introduced me to so many new, delicious drinks. Always get the flatbread at dinner and always get the french toast at brunch. The goat cheese appetizer is delicious and the roasted chicken may be better than Limon's. The burger never disappoints as well. Add on whatever seasonal variations of dishes that they have and enjoy :) Family style sharing is a must!
people in san francisco act like this is the only restaurant that matters because i guess it is the only restaurant that matters... IF YOURE IN SAN FRANCISCO. but for someone from LA, I think Nopa is comparable to our most solidly average restaurants.
A couple weeks ago I went to Thomas Keller's Ad Hoc in Yountville. While you can't beat how Ad Hoc's waiters fawn over you, the food here at NoPa is just as good: ultra fresh ingredients, simple and flavorful, and perfectly cooked. And the dessert is better here! At Ad Hoc they only had a cupcake (though a fantastic one). Here I got the chocolate ganache. Wow!
The food was excellent. Definitely worth the hype. And also, one of the few restaurants in SF where you can get such amazing food at a pretty late hour.
Was looking for a place open late after the Giant's game. It was already 11:30PM, and my GF and I didn't feel like Denny's, Mels, or anything "fast". So after a look at Yelp, Nopa seemed to fit everything we were looking for.We get there almost 1230AM, and the place was still popping. We still even had to wait a few minutes. Although the vibe of the restaurant feels fancy, the crowd was mixed. Not just suites and well dressed. You can go in there dressed casually and not feel awkward. We were in our SF Giants gear and we didn't feel awkward.The have a nice open kitchen, and very high ceilings. There is a small upstairs area that has more seating. We sat upstairs, and had a great view of all that was going on below. We didn't mind, nor did it give us any sense of feeling left out.So on to the food. The menu is simple and straight forward. Not overwhelming. It won't take long to make your selection. I ordered the hamburger, cooked medium, with brier cheese. My GF ordered he rotisserie chicken with an eggplant salad and garlic bread with ricotta cheese.It took a good long while to get our food. I seriously think when it was up on the pass, it was given to other patrons. It took about/more than 30 MINUTES to get a burger and chicken from the time we ordered, and there weren't much new diners since it was already getting time to close.  I believe the manager/owner, knew what we had just had to go through, and personally brought the food to us and apologizing. That was acceptable. He even offered to have dessert on him (I will get back to this later).So how was the food? Again I really think our food was on the pass a long time ago and given to someone else, because the food that just came to us was nice and hot, like it just finished being cooked. My hamburger was delicious! I enjoyed every bite. It was cooked to my preferred medium. It is served with a good portion of fries that reminds me of In & Out Burger fries, but just a bit thicker--and I love In & Out fries! It comes with some type of aioli dipping sauce? Burger comes with lettuce and these tasty red onions. As far as my GF's chicken. She didn't like it. I tried it and I must agree. It was forgettable. The egg plant salad was a shot of being bold, but again didn't work for me. The chicken although tender, you just get bored after a few bites. The bread with the ricotta was actually what we seem to enjoy the most. Upon observing the rest of the place, we knew we were not the only ones that felt this way. People who ordered the chicken also seemed to feel the same, as their plates lingered with the chicken and salad untouched. I think the right choice was to get the pork chop that everyone speaks of. But the burger I highly recommended.However, despite the mentioned short comings, the biggest reason of my deducted star was our server. She just seemed very cold and unenthusiastic. She wasn't really friendly and felt unapproachable. I would definitely come back for late night dinner, just pass on the chicken.
This place lived up to the hype and existing reviews. Solid choice for portion, price, and selections. We had the pork chops, grass fed burger, pappardelle, rabbit, and various appetizers and everything was delicious. Reservation is a must otherwise expect a wait of 3 hours even for 2 people.
This restaurant lives up to the hype. The food was incredibly delicious and fresh, the staff were hiply clad and well versed on the menu, the selection of spirits and wine are artisanally fitting, and the atmosphere held it together.
Who would've thought you'd be able to make reservations at restaurant for 12AM, get impeccable service, and fantastic food. Well, looks like Nopa is the place to go for some fine late night dining. Really late night dinning. I had made reservations with a date who just had to come here for the pork chops. Apparently, it was to die for. And I aim to please. =P Reservations for 12AM after a evening in the city. I really didn't know what to expect out of this place. I mean, what kind of restaurant takes reservations at 12AM right? Well, I was pretty much blown away. We were seated on time, the decor was kinda on the fancy side, but you'll see people dining out t-shirt and jeans, and also folks who are looking sharp! Kinda of a mixed bag of beans, but I digress.My date had her pork chop, and I had the pasta bolognese. The bolognese was good, but I've had better. The sauce could have definitely been a little heartier, but not too shabby. The pork chops was about 1-1/2" to 2" thick, and was pretty friggin' amazing. Although, it might not have gotten properly braised 'cause towards the center it was a little bland according to my date, but it was still pretty awesome IMO. Can't wait to come back again!
There's a reason why when we left NOPA at 11 pm on a Monday, it was still packed. This place is certainly NOT style over substance like a lot of nicer places. The prices are quite reasonable, particularly for San Francisco and the food is delicious and perfectly portioned. I recommend the pork chop and the goat cheese starter! Our server was wonderful, but it is ALWAYS busy so expect to take about an hour and half to two hours for dinner.
Everything was amazing!! Great scene & best service I've had in yrs.
If the tale of 'The Emperor's New Clothes' centered around a restaurant NOPA would be it. If you enjoy portions the size of a postage stamp at overinflated prices, then this is the restaurant for you. Be prepared to leave hungry.
Came here with a friend around 8 and got seated around 8:30-8:40... wasn't bad since we weren't starving or anything. Got seated upstairs and it's a pretty nice view of the place. Our waiter was a bit odd from beginning till near the end. He seemed fine with the other tables. He also never checked on us after he took our order, usually I get annoyed when waiters constantly ask me how the food is... but I didn't even get asked that once here. Kind of expected better service since it was Nopa.Anyway, onto the food. Shared the warm Goat Cheese, Frise, Kumquats and Crostini... it was good. I'm usually not a goat cheese fan but the flavor wasn't too strong so it was enjoyable. They even give you more of the crostini bread if you run out of that and still have a good amount of goat cheese... even though the bread is probably like a few cents to them. hahaWe both ordered the pork chop since... it seems like the thing to order here. I didn't notice it until my friend said so... but eating it reminded me of eating ham during thanksgiving dinner, not the ones you buy at safeway. I think it was cause of the sauce since it was sweet, since I tried it without the sauce and it tasted less like ham. But the pork chop was decent, I don't think its worth sounding the church bells over. Overall the meal was good, minus our odd and barely there waiter.
Some places just seem like they gotta' be cool. Some places try to force it. I kind of got that vibe from here but that's nothing big.I had a tasty fresh cool burger here and I would have it again as it was cooked to order and filling.My beer was good and that was all I can say. I mean, I ate at the bar so I don't know what kind of waitering they produce. It was busy and it was loud and it was late, how about that? NOPA's a good joint but not cheap.
They didn't have a huge selection of vegetarian choices, but the Tagines ended up being a very very good choice. Excellently cooked and tasty. There is also communal seating, which is kind of nice because you end up in conversation with the people on either side of you. So even with our group of three, we ended up chatting with a lot of other people at the table.I also had a Belhaven Scottish Ale which was delicious.
Best place on our whole holiday! Brilliant vibe, casual and trendy. The food was so flavourful and imaginative. I had goats cheese to start, which was a light mousse and delicious with the juicy pear and crostini. My boyfriend had the chorizo, a huge portion that was tasty, and would have been perfect for snacking on at the bar. For main, I decided to go for two more starters, some amazing tomatoes with mozzarella and a baked butter bean dish - each super yummy. My boyfriend had the New York steak, it was HUGE, but he's a trooper and ate the lot! As it was my birthday, we went for dessert also, I had a spiced date cake. (Perfection) and Himself had bourbon choc torte. He had choc dessert in two other places in San Francisco and was disappointed, but three times is a charm and he was a happy bunny.All in all, a fabulous night :)
This review is on the bar only as I've yet to make a reservation for dinner but I shall. Some of the best drinks in San Francisco. The bartenders are very attentive fast paced and always on point. I've never waited more than a few moments even when the bar is six deep to request my order. I prefer a Sazerac to anything else and have yet to be disappointed with the half dozen other drinks I've tried.Go here order any drink and I promise it will be great
Had brunch here with a friend that was visiting the city. Everything was so yummy. Then again, how bad can things be when it's a hot San Francisco day and you have a glass of champagne? Table had the custard french toast, wood grilled sausage and eggs, cream biscuit with peach butter, and pork shoulder (I think it was the special of the day). Everything was amazing and the service was great. Will be back again soon!
The pork chops were indeed pretty good, just like everyone has said in their reviews. But, I wouldn't say it's the tastiest ever. I do like the atmosphere of this place though - just laid back enough and cool enough.
We went for my husband's birthday dinner and had such a wonderful experience! The staff was friendly and attentive; the drinks and food - delicious! It lived up to all of our expectations. I would not hesitate to recommend this place.
There food is solid. Fresh, organic, local, seasonal, rustic fare. Sometimes they can be heavy handed with the salt. Pastas are homemade and tasty combos. I always love their tomato salads in the summer. Can't go wrong with brunch egg foods or the goat cheese bread pudding or oven baked tomato or burger and fries. I think I had the pork chops once and that was good. French toast is always amazing. Bacon cured in house (still?) and sometimes amazing and sometimes meh.I love coming here for brunch though the waits and rsvps are getting to be out of hand. Sometimes you can grab a seat at the community table or at the bar though I've seen people get nasty arguing over seats. Hangry or maybe hungover and haven't had their coffee. Still, it's a neighborhood spot and their bloody marys are killer. I especially love that pickled beet with maldon salt and endive curls. Mmmm. Their other cocktails are well crafted and sitting at the bar is a treat as many of the bartenders there are chill and fun to chat to.Staff are very nice. Atmosphere is lovely with lots of light, high ceilings, tasteful decor. Price is ok for SF but on the higher end. One of my faves!
Best service if anywhere in the city! Amazing food and great wine menu! You get what you pay for in this amazing restaurant! This was my first time and I will be going many many more times!Tip: Get a bunch of appetizers and then splits the main meal.
I'm a bit conflicted in my star-rating with Nopa. I had gone to Nopa with a friend of mine for weekend brunch. We had both heard really great things about Nopa and were really excited to try it out. Parking was easy to find and the restaurant looked really nice.For our food, I got the Grilled Spicy Chorizo and my friend got the Butter Basted Farm Eggs. I also ordered a side of house made bacon to try as well.The portions at Nopa were small. I'm more used to eating a larger breakfast and lunch and a smaller dinner so I was a little disappointed with the portions. My food was good, the eggs were pouched to perfection, the potato wedges were crispy, and sausage and sauce was okay, I just felt a bit unhappy with the size and price of the food. Especially since I knew that in another two hours, I was going to be hungry again (which I was). The bacon was okay as well, though one of the pieces was just a slice of fat so we left that behind...I'm thinking that dinner would most likely be better, but I'm in no actual rush to try it like I used to be. Which is why I can say that the food rating might be a 4 but since it doesn't really entice me to come back, I feel like it deserves a 3.
A week later, and I am still having withdrawals from my trip to SF...sigh...Nopa being one of the highlights.Had a very memorable dinner with my boo. Wanted to take him somewhere special to celebrate his promotion and our anniversary. Decided to check out Nopa, as recommended by multiple friends.In short:- We arrived about 15 minutes before they reopened for dinner, which was great because we beat the rush and didn't need a reservation. Although a party of 4 before us got denied, while 2 parties of 2 immediately after were able to put a name down. Probably ideal to arrive in 2s.- Requested upper level seating, but they said this was not guaranteed. Hung out at the community table, and as fate would have it, there was a cancellation for an upper level table.- Wine was perfection. We had the Syrah and Pinot Gris.- Everything was amazing, minus the salmon. I felt bad because I asked them to take it back. The server was more than attentive and didn't seem annoyed at all (which I expected). He admittedly advised that the salmon seemed a bit fishy that day. I ended up just sharing the delicious pork chop with my bf, which I was not mad about.All in all, great experience. Based on other reviews, I think we lucked out with the whole no wait, non-reservation, upper level situation :)
Burger and braised lamb.Sit at the bar because the bar tenders are genius. Great wine recommendations with samples.
Today I was there with a few friends to celebrate my birthday. The whole staff was uber friendly and we did have a good time. The choped pork was delicious. Thx for a great time in San Francisco! You have deserved 5 Stars!
Good all around food - never had a dish I didn't like. The broccoli side dish is d-lish, and I definitely recommend the pork chop.  The fight to get a table (almost impossible to get a resi on OpenTable within 3 weeks) is super annoying though. It's good, but not blow your mind good.
I've had NOPA bookmarked forever, and finally got a chance to come for late lunch for my bf's parent's anniversary. We made reservations, so there was a table ready for us when we arrived. It was almost 2pm and the place was packed, so make reservations because this place is not huge and very popular. I ordered the grass fed hamburger with no cheese and no aioli, and added bacon. I asked for medium well and it was perfect - not too red, but still so juicy and super flavorful. We also shared the meyer lemon custard French toast. This was really good, but so sweet. Get this to share! There were two dessert options, so we ordered both. I didn't care for the sherbet trio, but I loved the chocolate mousse with candied orange peel. That the perfect ending to a great lunch!
During my recent trip to SF, we made a stop for dinner at Nopa which turned out to be a GREAT idea... BUUTT there's a little catch. We tried to make reservations days in advance and apparently they are booked MONTHS ahead of time. No biggie, we figured we'd get there early and eat at the bar (same menu). We arrived by 530 or a little before and were able to snag two out of the 4 remaining seats at the community table- bar had 1 stool open.  Smoked trout on toasted quinoa was SO GOOD and same with the pork chop (and Im usually not a fan)!! Good sized portions too! COuldn't have asked for better food, and service was great. Bar remained packed w/ multiple parties gathering around waiting to jump on any stool available. We were lucky lucky, but if we would have arrived 15 mins later, would have been a whole different review as we would have never sat, never ate, and would have had to fight for seats.Bottom line:-WONDERFUL food, good portions-Make reservation like a MONTH in advance OR get there by 5/515 if you want any sort of chair/stool; after that, plan on a crowded small bar area for the duration of the night-Being open to community table helps-Plan ahead and visit this spot!
Made quick reservations for 10:45pm which is needed even for a wed this place had people waiting, this place opens until 1pm and stays packed late. I must say the space is great with high ceilings and great lighting . I have to mention their dormitory style bathrooms it brought me back to my college days at FSU. I had the hamburger and added bleu cheese to it. It may be a bold statement but this was the best cheeseburger I have ever had(way better than the over hyped Umami). I had it cooked to a perfect med rare with juices dripping everywhere. The ground beef was like butter it was so soft and the bun that soaked up most of the juice could have been more perfect. The fries were ok nothing great the burger was the star of the show and it was only $13.I also had the chocolate bourbon torte, it was just ok and the scoop of ice cream was miniature, but that won't stop me from giving them 5 stars because the cheeseburger really was that good!
The service is much better than it had been in the past. The community table is now policing itself somewhat, so getting a seat isn't much a wait, nor a problem. Apologies regarding any previous commentary on management or staff - they have a delightful cross section of talented, gregarious employees that know the finer points of service, but can be charming, friendly, and caring all at the same time. The learning curve for a restaurant to become an institution is large, but iIt seems to have settled at this point, and it's sort of a family, which is obvious. The kitchen is running smoothly, the bar has a drag time at tables, because there is somewhat of a crush *at* the bar, at times. It can get quite busy, and quite loud. The service at the community table, for example, can be obviously overwhelmed and somewhat short in their desire for expediency.Also, they are sort of a hipster elixir type of bar with small batch, indie alcohols... ordering a classic brand of liquor won't be simple, but they have some great alternatives to your standard cocktail if you open your mind a bit. It doesn't go full blown into the mixiology nonsense - it's more interpretative of classical bar-keeping.The Flatbread is HUGE, daunting, and quite delicious. The Trout, or whatever fried fish, superb. It's weird, because I end up going there quite a bit now. It's done quite well in constantly improving service, getting better employees, and becoming increasingly creative & interesting in doing the same classic comfort food style. The menu hasn't changed much in a bit, but the fennel sausage is one of my favorites. So is the chicken. Well darnit now I'm hungry.
Well, well.. what can I say that hasn't already been said?Of course, the food is amazing. Don't worry a thing about that.I had to take off two stars though, because of the way they do things here.If you don't have a reservation, you're welcome to take a seat at the bar, which is what we did. This was nice at first, but then more and more people came in, and then the bar was full.Normally, with a set up like that, they would start a wait list for the bar seating. But no, they don't do that here for some reason. They tell the people who come there after the bar is full to stand around and wait for a seat to be available and grab it.This resulted in people crowding around us aggressively, pressing their bodies to our backs to make us uncomfortable and try to get us to leave so that they could sit.This was very distracting and very way not cool..Anyways, I loved the food and I want to come back. But I will never come anywhere near this place if I don't have a reservation.
NOPA is a YESPA in my book.What they're doing here is great, and if you make reservations and get there on time, the experience will be great. If you can, try to get a bar seat by the kitchen, or a seat on the second floor overlooking the restaurant. If you're going with someone with whom you have a lot of awkward silences, this place is perfect because there's always something to look at behind the kitchen or on the floor. Service here is excellent, despite how busy they are, and the waiter's knowledge and suggestions were awesome.Dinner started with a simple amuse. It was a crostini topped with a lightly seasoned piece of octopus, accompanied by a small bowl of Maldon salt. Maldon salt is one of my favorite things in the whole world, so automatic points for that. My friend and I got the Flatbread, Rotisserie Herb Chicken, and Country Pork Chop.The Flatbread comes topped with spicy fennel sausage, broccoli raab, garlic confit, and and a generous amount of pecorino. This is probably the best bread-based appetizer I've ever had. The creaminess of the cheese mixes great with the spiciness of the sausage while the perfectly-cooked bread balances out the heaviness of the garlic confit. And all that is topped with the light bitterness of the broccoli raab. Amazing. This is what garlic bread wishes it tasted like.The Rotisserie Herb Chicken was good. It was cooked to perfection, and the meat easily fell off the bone. The dish came with a side of greens and some toasted bread topped with a tomato-based salsa. If you top the bread with a leaf of greens and the chicken, the dish comes together really well. All in all, this dish was good, but isn't what you come to NOPA for.What you do come for is the Country Pork Chop. Yes, everyone raves about it. And for good reason, too. I think we've all heard this claim before, but this was by far one of the best pieces of pork I've ever had. Don't get this pork chop cooked past medium-rare. At first slice, my mouth drooled uncontrollably. The juices trickled down the side of the pork that made me feel uncomfortably excited. I took a bite of the pork alone, and it was heavenly. I know I've said this once before, but this dish makes you entertain the idea that pigs can fly, or even soar, to great heights. The dish's title includes the word "country" for good reason, as you can taste the rustic flavors of the perfectly cooked pork with each bite. Now, add maple glazed nantes carrots and arugula to your next bite. That pig just got a Superman cape. Its kryptonite? The plate. Its destination? Your mouth.The night ended with a decent amount of leftovers. Portions here are generous and worth it.Pork-lover or not, NOPA will have you screaming YESPA on a Vespa in no time.GET: Flatbread, Country Pork Chop
Great place for dinner. Their goat cheese and pork hop hop is awesome! I had great time dining with my love one and a pair of lovely couple (brother and gf)
Now this is the real deal. The seared duck breast is nothing short of orgasmic! This is the place where you go to send someone off or celebrate a birthday. Exquisite establishment and the food is top notch. All ingredients are local and in-season. Highly recommend this treat to yourself!
Nopa wins on all fronts for me. The food is always amazing and the wine selection is insane. Last time we got a bottle of burgundy pinot, absolutely fantastic.The appetizers were very tasty and served in a timely fashion. The wait staff here is also hilarious and were great at recommending different dishes to the group.I highly recommend the sausage pasta dish and the flatbread appetizer. It's a bit on the pricey side ($380 / 4 people), unless you're paying credit card roulette which means it's VERY pricey, on average, 25% of the time. So roll the dice and hit this spot up!
I've been hearing about this place for years and only made it in tonight. It was so tasty that I had to come home and Yelp about it right away. Everything I tried was perfect: marinated olives appetizer was just oily enough and well seasoned with garlic (and some mystery item, which I think was marinated ginger -- a bit of sweetness that was unexpected); chorizon/manchego/potato flatbread was incredibly flavorful and perfectly textured/crispy. The fennel sausage/ cannelloni was perhaps the best cannelloni I've ever had... my family is Italian... I've never been that fond of meat-filled pasta dishes, but this was incredible. The fennel sausage was rich but sweet, and the large pieces of chard mixed in with the sauce were a perfect complement in both flavor and texture.  If I'd been eating this at home... I would have licked my plate clean. Ambiance was nice -- nice interior with large windows overlooking Divis, exposed beams. Lots of tables while not feeling crowded. Service was extremely friendly and did not rush us even though we arrived 30 minutes before their closing and stayed long past. Have to give them extra kudos for being open late every night. Can't believe I hadn't tried this place earlier, especially since I always complain about the lack of late night eats in San Francisco...
Pork Chop, perfectly grilled. Note: house preference "medium" Still, the medium does not take away from its moistness. Despite a fever of 102 degrees, it was so good, I crawled out of bed to make here. The pork chop is THAT good!
Went for brunch and it stands out as one of my favorites. Had italian sausage on a bed of succotash. Morning cocktails are great including sunshine fixer ( London Gin, Aperol, fresh lemon juice, a dash of Angostura Bitters).Want to try French Toast with with fruit, basted eggs with Romano beans and English pea fritters.
This place is pretty good. I came her for a pre-birthday dinner and it was the perfect spot. Not only is this place open late but the food is delicious. We had the flatbread with bacon and something else, toasted quinoa and burger. All were really tasty. I recommend this place for a tasty meal.
YAY! I finally got to eat here! My friend wanted to take me out for a late, late, late, late, late birthday dinner. I was afraid I wouldn't be able to get a reservation because I've heard this place gets packed! But I got a 6:30 reservation on a Saturday night.We got there an hour early since we knew the bar was open. We ordered the Wash House( static.px.yelp.com/bphot ) and Summer Cap( static.px.yelp.com/bphot ) to go with our Roasted Sardines with Basil Aioli( static.px.yelp.com/bphot ). I got to see my drink being made in front of me. The bartender used fresh ingredients and my drink came out very refreshing and yummy!Once we were done with our drinks, we were seated upstairs for our dinner. We got seated right by the railing, so we had an awesome birds-eye view of the whole restaurant( static.px.yelp.com/bphot ). We started off with the Early Girl Tomato Soup, Garlic Croutons and Parmesean( static.px.yelp.com/bphot ) and Braised Pork Cheeks and Cucumber-Cherry Tomato Salsa( static.px.yelp.com/bphot ). The tomato soup was excellent....wonderful flavor! The braised pork cheeks were so tender they melted in your mouth. While we were at the bar, the lady next to us was raving to us about how good the pork chop was. I was sold and we both ordered the Country Pork Chop as our main dish( static.px.yelp.com/bphot ). We also ordered the Grilled Broccoli di Cicco( static.px.yelp.com/bphot ) to accompany our pork chops. The pork chop was definitely a great choice. It was nice and juicy and very flavorful.We ended our meal with the Burnt Honey Creme Brulee, Oven Glazed Strawberries and Sugar Cookies( static.px.yelp.com/bphot ). Creme brulee is one of my favorite desserts, and this was super goooood!!! Creamy, rich and mouth watering good!As I sat watching from above, I saw order after order of their hamburger being put together in the kitchen. It looked so good! That will definitely be the next thing I order when I come back! I love NOPA for their super fresh ingredients! Awesome service, too! I'm hoping to be back very very soon!
Worst experience of my life... The food is so so, expensive and you have to wait one hour for a table. Bad service and the manager is very rude! Don't wast your money, patience and time.
My experience with NOPA last night was INCREDIBLE! My friends ordered the burgers and both thoroughly enjoyed them. I ordered an AHI dish that was simply divine!I can't wait to go back to the city and revisit NOPA.The wait staff was attentive and friendly and aided in wine pairing upon request.Much love for NOPA.
It's an ok place with ok food. But definitely way overrated by other reviewers. There are other places I've been with way better food and service, especially for the price
This is hands down one of my favorite place in the city. I have been here probably over 30 times, that's also because my wife works there, but it's always great service and amazing food. Farm to table organic and fresh just how I love it! I'll be there tonight again with my friend Evan :)
It was nice, but a very crazy place. Not low key for an oldster like me. I waited quite a while for seats, but in the end, it was worth the wait.
5 stars + 2 more. This place probably iconifies SF more than any other eating or libation institution does. My boyfriend introduced me here late one evening a couple years ago and we've been coming back on an unhealthy basis. Among other yummies, I discovered how amazing the pork chop and drinks were. Asked the chef where they source their pork... from an Ohio ranch via Niman. Fatty, juicy, medium rare. This is as good as it gets. Come soon though, they've been hiking their pork chop $ steadily. Also tried the Blue Bottle martini... really really good. Sad they took away the basil drink. I guess it was too girly. I prefer sitting at the bar or big table more than the set seats. Just love the fact that I can step in here at midnight and get a legit meal. Someone also suggested getting the Earl Gray liqueur. And I've been dying to try the little fried fish starter.
Favorite restaurant in SF! The wait staff is professional and knowledgeable about the menu. I recommend the pork chop, and pot de creme (if they brought it back!), burger for dinner and the sausage for brunch.
Nopa Happy Hour.The acclaim of Nopa as a dinner destination is well known. It's acclaim as a happy hour destination is growing . . . one Yelp post at a time.True, Nopa's bar and communal table are perpetually crowded . . . but that shouldn't dissuade you from stopping by for a drink (or 10) and some appetizers. When you get there, start with the classique - a rum based cocktail with all sorts of sh*t in it that makes no sense when you read the ingredients on the menu (well, except for the angostura bitters). As you enjoy the subtle fruit flavor of the drink (don't worry, it's not a girly drink . . . unless you want it to be) you should snack on some little fried fish with romesco and dill. The saltiness of the fish is a great compliment to Nopa's craft cocktails. After getting pleasantly buzzed off of a couple of classiques switch it up by ordering the dusk cocktail (another rum based cocktail with all sorts of crazy ingredients). By this point in time you should definitely need some more food to balance out the booze. Go with something substantial like the flatbread with sausage, cherry tomatoes, spinach and cream. The cream is a bit weird but it works . . . don't ask me how. Considering that you're still buzzing, you'll think it is a good idea to pair your flatbread with French fries . . . don't stifle that idea, run with it. The fries are thick cut and are served with a red pepper feta dip that is both good and a bit unusual.After a couple of more dusk cocktails your head should be swimming. This is when some of your best thinking will be accomplished. You'll know when you've had your "eureka" moment when you decide to skip dinner and just order dessert. You should definitely do it as you won't have a better idea the rest of the night. Get the delicious trio of sorbets and ice cream, making sure to spill some on your shirt collar to save for later. Trust me, the party is just getting started and you'll need a sweet snack for later.
A laid-back setting with attentive (though not overbearing) service. A killer AND reasonably priced wine list with some more mainstream and lesser-known regions (Lebanon!) represented. An eclectic assortment of dishes, yet each thoughtfully prepared with ingredients that make sense in each dish. This place is a gem! I'd recommend the moroccan tangine for an entree, as well as one of their killer sides. It's amazing how zesty and savory simple broccoli and brussels sprouts can be...order them, and treat yourself (trust me, they use some kind of magic at Nopa on these simple ingredients that I have yet to find when making them at home). For dessert, you can't go wrong with the pecan tort, or the sopapillas. Each is perfectly sized for sharing, though the sopapillas require a bit of assembly....Also, be sure to order something tasty off their dessert wine menu. There is a calvados from 1990 that goes for $13 a glass that is delicious, and a Barolo Chinato you must try (especially if you've not yet experienced Chinato, an Italian liquor). DO make a reservation, though. The place gets crowded! But they do serve til 1 am, so you can always sneak in for a late bite.
This is a special brunch place. The soft scrambled eggs were incredible, and were mixed with gruyere cheese and bits of ham. The full pot of french pressed blue bottle coffee was fantastic, and the french toast was rich, fluffy, and delicious. On top of that, our server was very attentive, friendly, and easygoing. With the wrong service staff, this restaurant could be a bit stuffy, but NOPA is fortunate to have the people they do because it makes the restaurant classy and upscale without being uncomfortable. I will definitely come back. PS - make reservations - they are constantly full
Amuse bouche of 2 red cherry t o m a t o e s with fleur de sel deliciously ripe but skeletal.Oven roasted c a l a m a r i was a memorable assemblage of flavored textures.Rotisserie c h i c k e n roasted carefully with crisp skin, tender flesh on a palette of colored greens.H a l i b u t methodically made but lacked flavors and zest.Should have requested the company of those precocious p o r k c h o p s.S o p a p i l l a s with chocolate sauce was weak but heavier than a powdery pillowcase.Good hospitality. A feast to the rhythms of a kinetic kitchen at the chef's counter illuminating.
Not that this place needs any more reviews... just want to highlight the experience:~ Party of 4 for dinner @ 6pm on a Thursday night. The next reservation time was 11pm. O.O~ Cab ride from Civic Center - $10/each way~ Reservations held 15 min past reservation time.. then they give up your table. We made it just in time. (Eff you Bay Bridge closure)~ Complimentary nibbler: toasted bread-chips? with celery puree... mm, not a fan.. considering the last time I ate celery.. it was bad news bears.~ Appetizer: Flatbread ($14) .. man that bacon was good.. bread was crunchy and full of flavors. Very filling for an appetizer. ~ 3 entrees: Grass-fed burger medium ($13) - the meat was juicy and THICK.. onions were dericious.. the orange side sauce was weird tasting.. wish they gave more greens/toppings... but the burger was so thick! Side of french fries were salty...Country Porkchop + braised cabbage ($23): Porkchop was salty but so unbelievably tender and juicy. Literally melted in my mouth.. with a little of that cabbage on top... yeah, it was yummy.Housemade Pappardelle ($19): REALLY yummy. Spicy fennel sausage complimented the egg noodle so well.. and there wasn't any heavy sauce on it.. just cooked all together in its natural juices and soo delicious.  ~ Dessert Bread pudding ($8): A sweet way to clean the palate and end a filling dinner. The spiced apples were warm and steaming a little! The bread was luke warm and sooo moist. The cinnamon ice cream was cold and creamy. Delicious balance.There was never a moment our water glasses weren't filled and waiters/waitresses came by frequently to clear our table and check our status. REALLY excellent service. I want to be back for the pappardelle and drinks at the bar~Our bill : $105 + tax/tip/diet cokes HAPPY BIRTHDAY SISTER!
We ended up sitting in the bar but it was well worth it. Everything was delicious... Even the side dishes! A bit pricy, but the food was fresh and well put together.
I'm adding a review here because I think this place needs more business! Only 1,500 reviews?!?Cool open space. We had a group of 7 at one of the upstairs tables overlooking the kitchen. A little loud, but cross table conversation didn't have to be shouted.We started with some apps. Little Fried Fish, Warm Goat Cheese, Sausage Flatbread, Mussels, Giant White Beans with Feta and Breadcrumbs. These were decimated within minutes. We asked for some more bread to make up for the small amount of crostini that came with the Goat Cheese. Sensing our needs the server didn't bring bread, but instead brought out a double helping of crostini! Score! I came to NOPA with a single minded purpose. The Pork Chop.I failed. I let my mind wander and there was a duck special on the menu so I thought "hey, I can get the pork chop any time." The duck was good not great. Well trimmed and not too fatty. It was a little under-done and chewy. The portion was also kinda small. (Not that it mattered with how I'd stuffed myself on apps!) I was reasonably satisfied, if not blown away by my choice.But then a friend gave me a piece of his pork chop . . . I was stunned. That was a sinfully delicious bite! Moist on the inside. Slight crusting on the outside. Perfectly seasoned! I vowed to never eat anything else on their menu again!My g/f is a recently convert to pescatarianism so decided to go for the Veggie Tangine. Watch out if you're a cilantro-phobe like we both are (tastes like soap) because it comes with a nice dousing. After working around this, the rest of the dish pretty yummy, especially the lemon yogurt.Two other folks had the chop and were similarly blown away. The burger and pasta also got two enthusiastic thumbs up.The service here was excellent. Friendly, there when you needed them, and addressed any questions/requests courteously and with a smile.Service: 4+Food: 4-
This review is for brunch. we finally made it here this weekend and were not let down. between all of us we ordered the custard french toast, the baked farm egg, the long braised pork with poached eggs on top, and the homemade bagel with cheese and trout. everything was really delicious- in fact, i would describe the french toast as out of this world.its a little bit pricey, but its a nice place with good food and service.
Four stars with over 1400 reviews speaks for itself. The quality of food here is on point. There is not a huge sign in the front that says Nopa, and it can be easily mistaken for just some other building. But the directions read, "corner of Hayes and Divisidero". By process of elimination, we knew it couldn't have been the cafe or Popeyes. Reservations are not required, but I highly recommend to make them. There are two levels of seating, which includes tables as well as numerous amount of seats at the bar. We ordered the bacon flatbread which consists of bits of bacon, goat cheese, and cherry tomatoes. This was featured on Food Network by Aida Mollenkamp on an episode of "The Best Thing I Ever Ate w/ Bacon". Aida was not playing when she said that was the best bacon meal she's had. I rank it there to my top three. I could have ate this appetizer as a meal...seriously. For entrees I ordered the burger that many other Yelpers have raved about...I can see why. Very juicy and flavorful. One of the best burgers I've had. It is accompanied with a side of fries, basil aioli, and pickled onions. My husband had the porkchop. This thing was gigantic! It was served with grilled nectarines. It was perfectly cooked and seasoned. It was not drenched in frilly sauces, so the meat really spoke for itself. Cocktails here are awesome, and they have a great wine menu. The service here was VERY good. I accidentally dropped one of my utensils during dinner, and one of the waiters had one ready for me before I even needed to ask. They are very attentive to your needs, and really bring your dining experience up another notch. I would give them five stars, but I rate this place a 4.5.  Minus 0.5 stars for the decibel this place can reach. There were times where I literally had to yell at my husband during our conversation. Also, it was way too hot in this joint. I saw other guests sweating, so I know I can't blame it on the alcohol. Great place for dinner. Highly recommended.
Porkchops have a way of making a (me) grown woman cry - their beautifully grilled exterior drenched in slippery pork fat has a way of inducing pent up saliva. The encrusted and slightly tarred seasonings make the deliciously moist meat even more seducing. The thought of the juicy flesh dribbling down my heart-shaped chin makes me wish I had an extra tongue to lap up the golden luscious liquid whilst savoring the ultimate carnivore's dream.Sadly, Nopa didn't make me cry. Not even close.To my surprise, it was their ultra succulent Rotisserie Chicken that stood out. Healthy man-sized portions glistening from the smoldering heat of the wood fire served with farro salad, roasted sweet potatoes, upland cress, tiny bits of pomegranate and salty feta made for a delightful and interesting accompaniment.Go figure.
killer food!definitely going to come back here again!Great service on top of that made it the place to be
made reservations a week prior, easy peasy. my friends arrived before me, was seated pretty fast.the server was attentive, the place was bustling and so the food didn't come out quick but hey, the server was friendly, made sure she kept us in loop (not necessary but much appreciated) when she canthe biscuit and scone? yummmmmmmthe french toast, looks deceive but it was pretty filling despite not being fluffy as i'm used to. The taste is good, but it didn't have that extra umph that i'm usually looking for (thanks to Jane nyc for spoiling me)burger and fries arite..On our way out the lady working on the table Thanked us, taking a sec out of her work (menu and such).Overall it was a good experience, the place is pretty, the service excellent but the food is decent. I'm reserving the extra star, for when the food makes me drool.
It doesn't really seem to matter where I am in the world... the call of brunch rings loud and true regardless. Bob and I were visiting friends in California this past weekend and NO ONE had made reservations for brunch (WHAT?!?!?!). So I naturally took it upon myself to handle this. After consulting Yelp, I came across the reviews for NOPA and came the realization that yes, we MUST eat here. I was lucky enough to get reservations for our large group at a somewhat reasonable brunching hour on Saturday morning. The restaurant itself was absolutely beautiful! High ceilings with a modern industrial vibe. There is a full-service bar area that was packed (which I found surprising since it was 11:00am, but hey - no judgement). Our server was above grade. Very attentive, funny and pushy in a nice way. Some people were waffling on having an alcoholic beverage with brunch (fools) and he gave them the gentle nudge to go ahead and get a drink - it is Saturday after all. And they did. We started with Bloody Mary's, where were wonderful! The house made spicy tomato juice was wonderful. And instead of the typical salad bar as an accompaniment (or practically a meal depending on where you get one in Minneapolis) we were treated with pickled golden beets that were glorious! We got an order of biscuits for the table that were wonderful! Big, fluffy and nicely seasoned. They were brought out with maple butter, which needless to say was basically licked clean by our group. Bob and I shared the butter basted eggs and the milk braised pork. Now, I am not saying that there is a competition when ordering food... but really there is. Who ordered the best meal? And I have to say that I crushed this round! The milk braised pork was absolutely one of the best things I have ever had EVER for breakfast. The onion gravy was thick and luxurious with fall-off-your-fork tender pieces of pork, potatoes, mushrooms, arugula and poached eggs. Do yourself a favor, leave wherever you are and go get this RIGHT NOW. It was incredible! The butter basted eggs were nothing to sneeze at either, they were incredible as well, but the milk braised pork really outshone everything else on the table. So much so, that I literally wouldn't share with anyone... I wish I could say that I feel bad about this, but I don't. We then ordered a large order of their custard french toast for the table and that was also incredible - everything you could could possibly want in a sweet dish at brunch - this had. It was sweet, creamy and delectable! If you are not a fan of "wetter" french toast, you probably would not like this, it almost had the consistency of flan? Incredible! I would highly recommend ordering a large size if you have a big group, it was pretty rich and I could not imagine eating an order myself (who am I kidding, of course I would!). Overall, everything at this restaurant was top notch. The service was literally nothing short of what I have received at La Belle Vie or Meritage in Minneapolis, and that is saying something. The food, absolutely outstanding and the entire experience was just wonderful! So if you are like me, and can hear the call of brunch with the same acuity as Superman - check out NOPA, you will not be disappointed!
NOPA... what can I say about NOPA? Well let me tell you... NOPA is one of my absolute favorite restaurants in San Francisco!! Their food is amazing, the atmosphere is chic (but not nearly to the extent you feel uptight and ever worry about what you're wearing), the cocktails are fantastic. As far as the food goes, I agree with the many other people that recommend the pork chop! The flatbread is also a favorite of mine! And I swear they make one of the best greyhounds in SF.Definitely try NOPA!
It was our last night in San Francisco and we were looking for a later bite on a Sun night after a late lunch. We decided on Nopa since it was open until 1 am and had received good reviews on Yelp. Our first dish was the flatbread with caramelized onions, tasso ham, tomatoes, and mozzarella. Absolutely delicious!! Tasty and crunchy! We then shared the Pork chop and salmon dish as an entree. The pork chop was an excellent choice consisting of juicy and tender lean meat. Both of us were impressed by the softness of the dish. In addition, the salmon was tasty and had real nice flavor and texture. To finish off the meal, we got a chocolate tart with grapefruit for dessert. A tasty ending to an excellent overall meal.
I had the Housemade Pappardelle, Nine Hour Bolognese, Spinach and Parmesan (when I ordered the pork chop) and the pasta was soggy, the overall dish was watery. The sauce was bland. I am sure the rest of the food is better, but this dish in particular is one to avoid.
Good but not so amazing as what I had heard. Excellent service and great wine selection. Green and Red Zin - my favorite.
I've always felt SF was sort of sleepy compared to NYC so I was ecstatic to hear that NOPA stays open late. We sat at the bar. Everything was great: the ambiance, the people watching, the food, the service ...This will definitely be my go-to spot for late night dining.
Seriously overrated. 3.5 stars. The food is good....but it's not mind blowing as the glowing yelp ratings and number of reviews would indicate.The pork chop is decent, but its far from being the best dish on the menu. I probably wouldn't even order it again.The burger is good (probably something that I would order again) but I think Marlowe or Chez Maman have a better burger.The short ribs were probably the best dish that I've had here.The flat bread looked good and I'll probably try it the next time I visit.This is a fun place to visit since they have a good drink menu and a nice ambiance. Parking can be a pain. Reservations are HIGHLY recommended.
Food tasted fine, service was good too. It's three stars because it's just "A-OK". Nothing to rave about. I wouldn't recommend it because there are other restaurants I find better. If you have reservations, I would still go because its not bad. Prices are very reasonable.
Excellent reviews on here! Excellent place to dine! Came here back in June with my husband and was very pleased with the atmosphere. The service was pleasant. The food is Ah-MaZING!! Had reservations and was seated promptly. Went back the next day as a walk in. Lucky enough to be seated at the bar. This place was packed on both days!!! First night we had the grass fed beef burger-so succulent and juicy and YUM!! Also had their housemade pappardelle with 9-hour bolognese-oOohh-eEmm-Ghee! It was melt in my mouth sensation!!It was so good, the next night we went to go have the same thing, but this time we ate a third plate-- their lamb plate. Man, NOPA does not disappoint! We also had the Honey Creme Brulee. Ohh Yeahhh! Wished my server on the first night offered the dessert menu! Highly highly recommend!
I went here for Brunch and was pleasantly surprised that this place lived up to all the hype. I came here with my friends at around 11:00 am and got seated about 45 minutes later. I personally had the grass fed burger and the custard French toast, while one of my friends ordered the pork chop. He said his pork chop was delicious so I had a bite of it and it may have been better than my burger (next time I come here I'll be ordering the Pork Chop). The only downside is it can get busy and the wait was a bit long but well worth it.
This is one of the best meals I have ever had. Not only do I give this place five stars overall, but I would give each individual dish five stars independently. Appetizers:- The first dish we got was the grilled calamari with roasted potatoes and harissa sauce. The calamari was perfectly seasoned and grilled, and the sauce and roasted potatoes were a perfect complement.- Next dish we got was the avocado salad with crispy croutons, beats and salmon roe with a zesty dressing. The flavors, ingredients and textures were so harmonious that I could not stop eating this dish. - Finally, we got the flat bread with bacon and fig. Typically, I'm not a big fan of flatbread, but this was so light and so delicious - phenomenal. Main Courses:I was so satisfied after our appetizers, that I seriously would've liked to order all three of them again before moving on to the main course. The four of us split the following:- Two burgers, one with cheddar and one with gruyere cheese. They give you a very thick patty, but once you cut the burger in half, you'll see how perfectly and evenly the meat is cooked. The cheese is melted perfectly and everything comes together wonderfully. They also have their own homemade ketchup which is awesome. - Salmon - Very fresh and light in a really tasty sauce- Broccoli - a nice side of greens to complement all the other dishes, it was prepared very well with a nice sour flavorI can't wait to come back to San Francisco and try the other dishes here. This really was one of the best dinners I've had in quite a while.
Finally got to try NOPA this week, and it did not disappoint. I couldn't quite parse the cocktail menu, but everything else was delicious. We shared Gigante Beans (a bit undersalted, but that was easily remedied at the table), and I had the Pappardelle with Fennel Sausage and Fresh Peas. It was insanely good. I even ordered a second serving to bring home to my BF. My friend had the flatbread, which I couldn't stop stealing, though I thought the ham overwhelmed the other flavors, so I picked that off.The service was stellar. We had reservations and were seated right away. People without reservations were being turned away, and it was only 6:15 on a Monday! So, yeah, go early and get a reservation.
NOPA was at the top of my list of favorite restaurants in San Francisco. Well worth the price, the hassle, no matter how many hours I have to wait for a seat, or how hectic it is to find parking. HOWEVER, I came into your restaurant on Tuesday 8/30. Ordered the usual, beer, wine, flatbread (amazing!), the burger (I always ask for burgers medium-well, or well, but it came back medium-rare this time -- oh well), and the since the pork chop was off the menu that night, we had the steak instead.That night, my friend was suffering on the floor in the bathroom complaining about how sick he felt and couldn't stop wanting to puke. I saw him on the ground shivering and in a cold sweat. He could not move. I felt fine, until the next day when I woke up wanting to puke. We then realized that we had a bad case of food poisoning from this place. Had to have been the burger, because it was the only thing we both had tried. It took us a whole week before I started to recover, and feel well enough to write this review. I am really disappointed with NOPA, when I first started eating here there were only great reviews. Now I see more and more bad reviews. I wonder who else got poisoned from this place. Also when someone orders a burger well done, COOK THAT SHIT THROUGH. No I am not one that orders steak Well Done. I get it Medium Rare, but ground beef is different its grounded and the bacteria needs to be killed. Also, I saw a worker picking their nose near the bathroom and didn't wash their hands. My mom owned her own restaurant, and because she can barely speak English, I had to take all of the managerial exams and food certification courses so I've got an eye for this stuff. I realize more than anyone just how important it is to emphasize a clean environment and to handle other's food with care.  Food poisoning is more serious than you think. Thousands of people die each year due to food poisoning, seriously, look it up. This is why I am especially disappointed with my experience with an establishment such as Nopa, and I may never want to come here again.
Make a reservation!Their menu changes every day, which is pretty cool. Good service, and can be more casual or dressed up, depending on what you want. Great ambiance, extensive wine/beer list and a full bar.Went here with high hopes, as I had wanted to try it for a while. We didn't have a reservation, so waited for a community table. Luckily, someone cancelled or was really late so we got their table! We were greeted with a small bite of something yummy. Very cool-most restaurants don't give you a small signature starter and I thought it added a very unique touch. To start, we split a small plate - Roasted Chanterelle Mushrooms, Bacon, Poached Egg and Frise - which was really yummy. Great touch of vinegar and oil. For my main course I got (by suggestion of our waitress) the Rotisserie Chicken, Orange Glazed Sweet Potatoes, Hazelnuts and Fried Rosemary. Was sadly unimpressed. The sweet orange glaze overpowered the entire dish, so much so that I had to avoid the potatoes. I am usually the kind of person who for sure takes home leftovers, but these, no thanks!! My date ordered the House-made Pappardelle, Braised Rabbit, Kale, Olives and Parmesan, which was definitely the better of the two options. He got 2 beers, and I stuck with the liter of water (their glasses were super thick -- really nice). Total bill came out to about $80. Not bad.Wish I ordered the warm goat cheese, fruit and crostini! Next time..
The food is always fresh, always delicious, and always filling. Open late and always busy, with each visit we look forward to new additions to the menu. The price you pay for NOPA's success is a ridiculously long wait for a table. Make a rezo or pay dearly.
Fact: it's much easier to score a brunch than a dinner reservation at Nopa. The couple of times I've been to NOPA before this last time, sans an Opentable reservation, I either was unlucky enough to wait north of 1 hr for a table, or was in a party small enough to be seated at the bar / communal table. The latter was an awesome experience. The former, not so much. Then I stumble across food porn on 7X7 (7x7.com/eat-drink/rise-a) featuring Nopa's french toast and mentioning the fact that they serve my favorite of the Blue Bottle brews: Three Africans. SOLD. So that very weekend, on Saturday after a 5-mi run, I randomly checked Opentable and found *WOOT* a table for 4 opening at 2PM. We scrapped our original plan and headed there instead, and with awesome results. The french toast was even tastier than it looks, and it comes in full (2) and half (1) size. I personally can't have JUST french toast for brunch so being the piglet that I am, I ordered the one and only dish I ever ordered from Nopa: their famous beef burger and fries. The burger was no doubt delicious. The fries was (please forgive me) almost like the fat version of In-N-Out fries, which makes it doubly, if not triply, awesome. Others had more traditional brunch food, including soft scramble eggs (really, they were soft and fluffy) and bacon, and sausage and poached eggs (also soft, though not fluffy cos that'd be weird).Say goodbye to long-ass lines that start at 8AM *ahem* yelp.com/biz/mamas-san-f
Nopa? OPAAAA! Came here for brunch and left tossed from DRUNCH!Weekend brunch at Nopa is fantastic! Here's why:1. Nopa takes reservations. And if you brunch often in SF like I do, you know how hard it is to find a quality brunch spot that takes reservations.2. Nopa makes delicious cocktails that entice you to order another round... or two... or three. Hence, DRUNCH! The bloody mary is particularly good as they have a special house spice concoction that adds a nice kick.3. Delicious savory breakfast entrees. Our table ordered: chile rubbed pork with black eyed peas, hominy, braised greens and a biscuit; wood grilled sage and garlic sausage with poached eggs, creamy faro; and the burger. All the dishes were rustic, homey, and hearty. The famed burger was pretty good, but not outstanding. 4. Even more delicious sweet breakfast entrees: custard french toast. A lightly battered piece of french toast impossibly stuffed with a delicately sweet, fluffy custard. Topped with maple butter and apples, this was heavenly! a MUST-TRY! I was truly impressed by Nopa and am eager to return and try the famed pork chop. And that's not just the alcohol talking!
Great food, place, and staff. I think its one of the best spots in SF.
NOPA is one of the best restaurants in SF. Period. And on top of that, it also makes one of my top 5 favorite burgers in the city.I've had the good fortune to be seated at the "bar" that overlooks the kitchen, right next to Chef Laurence Jossel expediting all the dishes. On top of having great skills, he also put up with my buddy and my attempts at witty banter, laughing and joking along with us. Laurence is awesome.he told us about Peggy Sue, the hot, smoky texan grill (yes grill) located right smack in the middle of the kitchen, with the dozens of rotisserie chickens spinning through it, and the (at the time) girl cook manning it. You could see the green leafy herbs stuffed inside the chicken skin as they spun around. As someone who does a lot of his own grililng and roasting, I have to say, that is a real pain the butt to do, and is a great sign of the level of commitment Laurence has to his art. Everything I've had from Peggy Sue has been fantastic.The burger here was simply perfect. There is no massive list of toppings: standard toppings are bacon and cheese (of choice). You may be able to ask for other things, but I really didn't need anything else. I believe the bun was a toasted brioche, and unlike most other brioche buns in the city, theirs was actually warm and soft. The burger was a good size--maybe 1/3 lb, and juicy, cooked perfectly. I believe it was grass fed beef.I almost always get the flatbread (read: pizza-like thing) which is all made by a single cook (pizzaiolo?) standing in front of the woodfired oven. with the awesome "bar" seat we had a front row view of all the action with the flatbread. While it wasn't exactly a new york pizzeria show, it was still fun to watch him work.Food aside, the cocktails here are on par with the best in the city as well. So I usually pass the long wait times with a cocktail, and I plan for it. So instead of going to a bar, and then hitting to a restaurant, I'd just go to NOPA and drink at their bar while waiting for a table.If you haven't already, you need to go to NOPA. it is a new San Francisco Institution.
This is a MUST hit SF food spot. I went there last week for my hubby's birthday dinner. We had 5 appetizers, 2 main course, and 3 cocktails. The total bill was $129 (w/o tips), which was very reasonable in my opinion.Now for appetizers, we had the Olive Oil Poached Albacore, the Goat Cheese, Sardines, Tomato/Feta salad, mixed melon salad. My favorite was the albacore and the warm goat cheese. My husband and I were never a big fan of goat cheese because of its smell, but this is EXCEPTIONAL. The way they processed the goat cheese is so good that you barely can taste the "dirty foot" smell that usually found in goat cheese. But if you only want one appetizer, then I'd suggest the albacore is a not to miss item. For main course, we had the pork chop and the lamb.Both were excellent. Pork chop was very tender and juicy with a smoke aroma to it. The lamb were marinated with a very tasty sauce. I guess you couldn't go wrong with either one. We really wanted to try the burger too, but we had no room left. So, it will be save for the next time.Overall, the food taste is well balanced and I don't have a heavy/guilty feeling after I ingest all these food. So, that's a thumbs up for me.The place is not very big, so it's not kids friendly (definitely no room for stroller). Majority of the crowd was late 20-30's. It's a good happy hour kind of place. Very good ambiance. Parking around the area can be tough, so prepare an extra 20min to look for street parking. I personally think the 2nd floor seating is more comfortable w/o the open bar crowd, but that's just my opinion. Other than that, I really like this place and would definitely come back because good food and good price don't come often that much.
This place should have ALL 5 stars and few for bonus. Disregard ALL bad reviews. I am a HUGE foodie. My husband and I PLAN our vacations around FOOD. My friend Kim lives in San Fran and took us to this place for Saturday morning brunch. A-M-A-Z-I-N-G. Nuff said. All 6 of us ordered different items and Kim and I split 4 small plates. Not a complaint to be said. Food FANTASTIC!!!! Service.....another FANTASTIC! Make sure you make reservations ahead of time.
MMMmmmmm. i....love.....this....place.........Lambshanks are my absolute favorite entree to order at any restaurant that offers it on the menu, so when a bite of NOPA's had my eyeballs rolling to the back of my head, I knew a dangerous affair had begun. I am SURE I will be back here soon, especially since the restaurant's hours stretch on until 1AM, perfect for late night dining (my guilty pleasure). OR... for a wine-and-dine date..or a late night gab session with the girls. The vibe is relaxed, but the place is still chic. Think of the image these words put in your mind: fireplace, woodsy, farmhouse-loft-ish. That's my perspective of it.Had the clams, the flatbread, the dessert sampler dish, the fries with aioli. I left on a food high ...you know when you're braindead from way too much feel-good chemicals resulting from pleasure overload.
We decided to go to NOPA for dinner on a random Monday night a few weeks ago and we got a reservation right away. We got seated right away upon arrival and there were a few empty tables. Service was good here - she was attentive.We had a few Pisco Sours and they were great. We started off with their little fried fish served with aioli and pimenton which was way greasy and didn't taste fresh. We also had the warm goat cheese, pickled beets, frisee and crostini which was nice but it didn't take much technique.For entrees, my friend and I had the pan seared halibut, roasted early girl tomatoes, grilled eggplant and arugula. Both of our fish were overcooked. It was still flaky when you forked into the fish but there was no moisture at all. The best part of this dish was the roasted tomatoes. Not worth $24!! Seb had the grass fed burger with pickled onions and fries. It was not memorable. We also had a side of baked white Tuscany beans with tomatoes, feta, onions and breadcrumbs. It did not look appetizing when it arrived on our table but it tasted good. Our friend had the pork chop and he said it was okay. We shared an order of sopapillas served with orange honey for dessert. It wasn't bad but would prefer them to be a little more puffy or lighter. The warmed orange honey was nice. It certainly didn't live up to the ridiculous hype about this place. This is just a scene rather than a foodie spot. There are so many other scene spots with great food in the bay area if ambience is important to you. We wouldn't make a trip out here since parking in the area is difficult. If we are in the area and want a drink and snack then we might come back but definitely not for dinners.
Did not have a reservation. Waited near the bar area. 5/5 for the pork chop, warm go at cheese with flat bread. Ordered some fried fish and salmon appetizers, those were just okay. Price is reasonable. Nice place with good food. Worth it.
I think this is the most overrated restaurant in San Francisco. The service was bad and the food definitely didn't live up to the hype. You can get a much better meal for a similar price at many other SF restaurants.
Never disappointed by this place but im obviously not alone. One of the clear top places in SF to dine right now for many reasons. Ambiance, ridiculous bartenders, really fresh and carefully created menus, and always an attention to detail from the staff's knowledge of wine to knowing the dairy the milk in my ice cream came from. Amazing all around. Even the pickiest and most stubborn of eaters will find something to come back for.
The atmosphere is very hip and fun. Very crowded on a Saturday morning. Space is a lot larger than I expected. Very attentive service.The lavender custard French toast is to die for. Very custardy and melt in your mouth deliciousness. Not too sweet. Lavender honey comes on the side so that was great. Definitely will go back for that.The smoked trout bagel had wonderful pickled onions. The house-made bagel was really hard and seemed day old (at least). The smoked trout was very flaky. But I think smoked salmon is way better. The house made cheese was excellent though and we smothered every bite with it.the buttered farm egg was ok. The tomato based compote that it came with tasted like canned diced tomatoes. Not big on that. The 4 fava beans on top of the veggies were great. If I go back, I will only order the french toast.
[EDIT] I bumped up the review one star because the balsamic vinegar cure totally has worked on curing my hiccups. Thank you, nice server at NOPA! [/EDIT]I came here with my friend for drinks and dinner. DRINKS: Whew, these drinks are strong since they're made of straight up liquor (no juice or soda water for them!). They are intense and tasty, but they kick a punch. I definitely recommend getting the Blue Bottle Cocktail for dessert if you are a fan of coffee since the vodka does a good job of enhancing the delicious coffee flavor.FOOD:We split the flatbread as an appetizer. It was super tasty since I am a sucker for caramelized onions. The avocado cream was also very yummy.For entrees, he got the chicken, and I got the well-regarded pork chop. My friend thought his chicken was on the dry side, which was unfortunate. I stole a drumstick from him and thought it was pretty tasty. I guess a major issue with chicken is that it's hard to get it all around juicy. The pork chop was very juicy, tender, and flavorful, but very, very fatty. I had to trim off quite a bit of fat from it. Both portions were much larger than what I was expecting. NOPA definitely doesn't skimp on food!SERVICE:While waiting for my friend, I got served by two separate bartenders at the bar. One of them was polite, but made me feel kind of awkward when I tried to start up conversation with him. The other one was very friendly. During dinner, we had a really nice server. I had the hiccups and learned from him that apparently a little bit of balsamic vinegar is the best cure for hiccups. I will have to try this cure next time!OTHER:-If you make a reservation, definitely CALL. I think they only put a few tables on OpenTable so OpenTable will show very little availability when actually, if you call for a reservation, they have quite a few available times. I called one week ahead and got a reservation very easily.-We paid $104 w/tax and tip. This included 2 cocktails, an appetizer, and two entrees.-In short, NOPA was pretty good, but I wouldn't be in a hurry to come back just because nothing amazed me too much (although maybe I'll bump their rating up a star if the balsamic vinegar cure for hiccups actually works).
Had Father's day late lunch (2:00pm). Choices were limited but good.Staff was friendly and courteous.I've been here several times for drinks and dinner and enjoyed it very much. Was not too impressed with brunch. The french toast really is that delicious but after 2 bites, I'm pretty much done with it. It's soooo rich and heavy.Will always come back for late night meal and drinks.
Everything about our brunch was absolutely on point. Shared a slice of the custard French toast to start - best French toast I've ever had. The chorizo with hominy, spinach, salsa verde and poached eggs was perfectly seasoned and provided an exciting mix of flavors. The slow-cooked pork dish with potatoes and corn bread was tender, juicy and sinfully delicious. Service was friendly, knowledgeable and professional. We'll be back for sure with friends en tow.
Upgrading review after several recent re-visits.Popular as ever. The food is good.Their burgers are the best in SF, bar none. Perfectly seasoned, thick and juicy patty made from grass-fed beef on a buttery toasted bun. Comes with flawless butter lettuce, briny pickled onions, and piping hot, crisp fries. If you want to splurge, get it with your choice of cheeses (gruyere is my fave) and the house-cured bacon.You don't need condiments like ketchup or mustard for the burger. The meat is _that_ good. One of the few places in the City where I feel safe in ordering the burger done up rare.
Great high ceiling! Very chic decor and ambiance.. Very clever dinner setting. Ordered the burger, very tasty! Meat was unlike any other from any burger joint, juicy, almost like butter and flavorful. Salad was crisp, also quite unique and clever, it had this small green bean snap was very delicious ! Honestly not your typical salad! It contained greens far from the iceberg, watercrets, spinach , and pretty much anything you can possibly buy in a store the salad dish didnt contain! Which was awesome'! I did notice one ingredient that was common, the mustard green
OUTSTANDING. I walked into NOPA with high hopes, and left not disappointed. That's generally tough for me... but everything I ate and drank was delicious.First of all, BEST SEAT IN THE HOUSE. Thank you thank you for sitting us in the mezzanine overlooking the kitchen. I was practically watching them cook our meal. Started off with the goat cheese and beets. I'm not sure what was in that goat cheese, but I'm pretty sure heaven was in it. I completely regret asking where the goat cheese was, but it was honestly the best goat cheese I've ever had.Next came the roast duck with hazelnuts and some sort of greens I can't remember right now, but it was to die for. I was regretting my small appetite, I just wanted MORE.I can't wait to go back, seriously, it was amazing.Oh and make a reservation well ahead of time, this place gets PACKED.
I wish someone had mentioned that the full order of the Custard French Toast is insane. The bread is so big and rich (delicious) that you only need a half order. To be fair, our server did ask if we wanted the full order in a way that I think in hindsight, he was trying to warn us. Anyway, it was amazing, so you could have worse problems than eating too much yummy french toast! We also ordered the Soft Scrambled Eggs. They were good, and very different, especially the avocado spread. I would say they do a great weekend brunch, but it fills up fast if you don't have reservations, so get there when they open at 10:30am. They don't start serving food until 11, so put your name down and grab a drink at the bar (preferably a Bloody Mary)! I definitely want to try this place for dinner sometime.
....it was kind of like D-Day....blood everywhere....My friend and I went to dinner here. I'm new to the area. She said it had a great reputation and wanted to try it out.I will say that the wait staff was accommodating. We were originally at the communal table, and a really loud guy was talking to another really load guy. We asked to move, and they obliged.We ordered a salad and the burger. The salad was good, but I couldn't believe the burger?? We asked for it medium well. When it came out, my friend cut it in two, and it was incredibly bloody. It was less than medium rare. We gave it back to the waiter, and he said it would be back out in two minutes.....two minutes later....They bring the same burger back. They didn't put any new cheese on the burger and pretty much completely burnt the cheese that was already on there. I bit into it assuming that it would be okay, but it was just burnt on the outside but still BLOODY in the middle.  I looked at it after I bit into it, and I could tell they replaced the top bun because it was warm and fresh and unbloodied, but they left the same bottom loaf, which was obvious because it was drenched in the blood that came out of the burger when I first ate it.I spit it out because I can't eat bloody food. I'm not talking about medium rare. I'm talking about vampire fresh. By this time I had given up, but my friend gave her 1/2 of the burger back, and they recooked (the same burger) a third time. And yes, the original cheese was now completely burnt. The waiter most likely felt bad. So, he got us some nice sorbet. We took it as a 'peace offering,' but weren't really that excited either way. By then my friend was full, and I had lost all my appetite. What would have been nice was if they just apologized and comped us the burger. We only ate 1/2 of it because I spit my part out. I guess they would have been happy to recook my spit meat out, but that just seems rude.Anyways, the only thing I can say is that this might be a good restaurant, but open your bun before you eat your burger...unless of course you're a vampire. Because you might just end up with a nice case of trichinosis.
I must say that the french toast is the greatest!!! So, so fluffy and not too sweet! And it wasn't even my dish to begin with. It was my 6 year old girl's order. My wife ordered their burger which was quite good. But the fries were just tasty!!! As for myself, I ordered the Soft Scrambled Eggs with the smoked hame and gruyer cheese. Absolutely heaven! One thing I noticed though... is that I always went back to my little girl's french toast!! Which just happens to tell you one thing... GET THE FRENCH TOAST!!!
I almost gave it 5 stars, but its not a perfect restaurant. The atmosphere is great! you walk in and see a big communal table, crowded bar and open kitchen. The menu is well put together and all the food is top quality stuff. The only things I didn't like about the place were the noise level inside, my head was ringing when I left and its a very high volume place that is always packed, so some of the food although tasty was not cooked perfectly. I had the pork chop and parts of it were RAW and the outside was well done. When trying to cook volume and speed sometimes proper cooking is not done and this was the case here. They cooked the pork chop over too much heat and the outside was well done and middle stayed raw. Overall, I like this place and will go back.
After somewhat avoiding Nopa the last couple of years (mostly due to my mild outrage that a restaurant would actually name themselves after one of those not-quite existent in-between neighborhoods, i.e NOrth of the PAn Handle), I went there Friday evening with Beth and Todd. Man, I felt like a fool. No wonder it was on the Chronicle's Top 100 list its first year.  Very similar to the energy of Beretta in the Mission, it had the boisterous feel of a neighborhood gathering place. Featuring rich "rustic urban food" and inventive specialty cocktails, Nopa offers a large communal dining table where the locals can enjoy the food and one another's company, just like Beretta. We had our own table but felt like we were still part of the party.As for the food, we started with the warm goat cheese with crostini, marinated cherry and sungold tomatoes (yum) and the flatbread of house smoked bacon, sliced zucchini, basil and cherry tomatoes (also yum). For our entrees, there was the Moroccan vegetable tagine which was mouth-wateringly good and the pan-roasted halibut and country pork chop were solid as well. But the stand-out for me was the malted chocolate ice cream & brownie, with chocolate sauce -it was so good, we ordered a second one.
Came here on a Wednesday at 7pm. We got lucky- no wait! We had to sit at the bar looking into the kitchen. And what a perfect spot- who knew?! We could see everything being prepped and cooked. It was just like watching Top Chef but with no yelling! My boyfriend and I shared everything and it was a perfect amount of food. We had the cod appetizer to start, the rabbit legs with squash for the main, and pecan pie for dessert. The presentation was perfect, and the food was beyond delicious. And for the quality and amount of food, I thought it was actually quite cheap. My new favorite restaurant, hands down.
Nopa is your chance of getting food here without a reservation. My experience was zero stars but they get two because the food smelled good and it had good ambiance.
The food, service, wine and cocktails here are pretty good here. It is a fun casual environment. My only complaints are the acoustics and the lighting. The points of light can cause those glare or sparkles on the eyes that are disorienting and the building reverberates so that it quickly gets loud. We were lucky enough to sit along the south wall under an overhang which helped dampen the sound and shade us from some of the light. The food was pretty good. My date had the veggie tangine while I had the braised duck leg. The wine that was recommended was perfect and the blue bottle cocktail was a perfect ending to the meal. I've been here a number of times. They are open late and their burgers and fries make a great late night meal to help stem your impending hangover. This is also a great place to take a date, even if you make a last minute decision to come here and your date feels she wasn't dressed for it and want to stab you in the face. ;)
woah!!!!! had a great brunch here!garlic sausage with creme fraiche, brocolli greens and crispy potatoes were mind blowing! it was really delicious!!!!friends got the scrambled eggs, and the signature burger and our table had the small portion of custard french toast to share. the french toast was ultra rich and all of us found it impossible to imagine eating a slice on our own. it was nice to have a few bites each. great, polite service even though there were many more people waiting for tables. i would highly recommend making a reservation, and i will definitely be back the next time i am in SF.
This is a lively lil hot spot. It has 2 floors, a large bar and beautiful huge windows that outline every wall. They offer beautifully crafted cocktails that are reasonably priced ($12 - $15). I shared small plates with my fellow diner that included the following:Avocado salad - YUM! tons of avocado. They do not skimp on it and I loved it.Bacon Parmesan flatbread - Gooood. not exactly the lightest flatbread but worth it especially if you dig bacon.Frites with aioli - the fries are done right but I favor a more traditional garlic aioli instead of the chipotle this is served with. There was something off with it...almost tasted like too much lime was squeezed on it.I really loved our server too and I think she loved us back. We joked around a lot and it was a fun experience. This is great for a date or for a group looking for a fun night out.
Of course this place gets high marks. It's a tasty eat for a Non San Franciscan such as myself. Also, I enjoy flying in late and grabbing a late supper with my friends when I fly in. The burger, always good. I also like how they prepare their pisco sours here.
great late night food scene.but the food was just eh.should have just gotten burgers there.sausage flatbread was blah.pork chop was just ok.baked cauliflower was best dish.excellent, excellent service.but not worth the $.
Last weekend, I had the fine pleasure of attending the Western Addition restaurant, Nopa, for a bountiful brunch.Nopa is located at Divasadero and Hayes. It's this mysterious looking building -- in fact, it barely has any signage on the outside -- so be sure to personally congratulate yourself if you've ever accidentally happened upon it. And, if you get curious like I did, you'll be in for a satisfying (and stomach-protruding) surprise.Nopa is open for weekend brunch and daily dinners. Naturally, on Sunday morning, I had a craving for butter and other artery-clogging ingredients, so I remembered that Nopa was open for brunch and invited some close friends to help me get some work done (that is, dine out and write).We entered the building, which seemed as though it were distributing herds of cattle in and out of the restaurant: either giving people a reservation and shoeing them away, or approaching them as they wandered up shyly to meagerly ask the wait (minimum: 45 minutes). Above us are gorgeous workings of wood on the beanstalk-tall ceiling, but also some funky, colorful (and geographically relevant) art on the main wall towards the back. There lies an artsy presence, but yet it's simple, direct and honest.Since we so intelligently placed our reservation ahead of time (we're all truly brilliant beings), when we did finally arrive we carelessly walked over to the host and, two seconds later, sat down to glaze over the menu.I ordered a half-plate of custard french toast, which was topped with blood orange sauce and syrup -- and I think held a week's worth of my Daily Values fat intake -- but it was so, so worth it. Be sure to definitely put an order of this down for yourself during your visit.For my main dish, I had a poached egg softly blanketing a chicken apple sausage, and that's when I fell into a food coma. Luckily, I had a fresh, modern-aged version of a mimosa (a Sparky Wallbanger) to pull me back to the ground. My friends ordered a savory pork dish (x2) and a hamburger...plus glorious, glorious fries (with dipping aioli). Coffee is served in a mini-press per individual, and sides of bacon are encouraged.The neighborhood as a whole has been through some rough times, after going through some neglect from the government when old, Victorian-style homes and businesses were seized and newer housing projects emerged. However, major gentrification has been done within the past 20 years (but not too much - after all, this still is tart San Francisco), and there remains a good balance between diversity in architecture, people, and culture. You can easily find a jazz club (up Fillmore) and still be within walking distance to Japan Town or Alamo Square. To sum up, this classy-yet-rooted restaurant (think personality plus taste, with a side of excellent service) stands on its own in solace, yet also as in oasis for whatever crowd that may be ready for a bite (or sip) after work. And lastly, it is, and has been to me, a meal to soak up any damage that Saturday night has so kindly given to me.
Great enviorment, great food, perfect for late night beer
My impromptu pre-birthday celebration with the boyfriend could not have been more splendid. My co-workers have been raving about this place and it was about time I find out what the hype is all about. Located in the North of Panhandle neighborhood, Nopa exudes a hipster vibe an a modern atmosphere. As most yelpers have already mentioned, make sure to place reservations in advance as this place gets packed everyday. One tip is to place your name down as soon as they open (I think 5?) for open seating or be the first ones to take a spot at the bar/community area. Food is outstanding. First off, I have to give it to the bartenders for being on top of their game despite the crowd. We sat at the bar to wait for a table and ordered a soft poached albacore with slow cooked egg and potatoes. Divine. Cocktails are about 9-10 bucks a pop and are wonderfully delicious as well. Halfway through our course we were asked if we want the table we waited almost an hour for. We kindly said yes and didn't mind being moved midway through eating our appetizer.Next came our main course. Rotisserie chicken was well-cooked and the bread that came with it was just off the chain. Bread had an avocado spread with tomatoes and greens. Bf had the porchetta with quinoa which was pretty tasty too. Loved the skin of the porchetta.We decided not to get dessert and save it for next time. Instead we went to bi-rite to get two scoops of their delectable ice cream and called it a night. One star gets knocked off for where we sat being too hot despite the little fan on the wall. I could've enjoyed it much better if it wasn't too darn hot in that area.Overall great place I would recommend to anyone and I would definitely come back again.
I ate at this restaurant five years ago and it's still one of the best meals I've ever had. I ordered the vegetarian tagine expecting a typical second-rate vegetarian meal and was utterly blown away! I've been meaning to go back all this time and hope it's just as wonderful as I remember, since it's still one of my top five meals of all time!
Had the tomato and egg with grilled toast for brekky, it just hit that foodgasm spot and made me make all these weird hmm noises at the table. Was waiting in line for about 20 minutes and had a conversation with the locals they said 'it's definitely worth the wait' and also said 'this place has been open for several years and it's still popular enough for you to line up at 11am in the morning' that tells ALOT about the food and service of this place!
A huge improvement over the laundromat that used to be there circa 1999.  Best pork chop I've ever had, and I've had between 30 to 50 pork chops over the last 37 years, not including the 100+ McRibs I once ate. Anyway, if you want to eat food, this is the place you should do it in.
Have gone here for years, not disappointed until my last dinner. The food was underwhelming. The burger has shrunk to the size of a White Castle Burger: three bites max for my big mouth. Seriously, it's tiny. Think burger between a dinner roll. The other appetizers were just okay. They need to get back up to their game. It's still packed and fun, but don't expect to get your socks knocked off. And, the bartender called me, "Love". He wasn't a Brit, and he was a he, as am I. Not cool.
Food: 5/5 - Food is top notch, all of the dishes were very well done - homemade fresh, including the ragu I tried awhile ago. Amuse bouche is a very nice added benefit.Service: 4/5 - Unpretentious, prompt, and friendly service. Ambiance: 4/5 - Great local SF feel, nice but not stuffy at all. It does get pretty loud here though since it's always crowded, so even though the food/ambiance is date worthy, it may be hard to carry a conversation. Value: 5/5 - Great value at ~$20-$30 for entrees, starters in the $10-15 range. Plus a free amuse bouche, which was nice.
I came here twice, and both times were able to impress and surprise me.My first visit to Nopa was for a late "double date" brunch with friends. I can't really put my finger on it, but the ambiance the restaurant just sucks you in. With great food and drinks, we ended up staying there until... Dinner... Yes, you read it right, I somehow ended up staying in Nopa for two meals and while my friends are great people and probably have a big part in why the time flew by, I give some credit to Nopa since not all restaurants makes to this comfortable.Second time was for a late snack and drinks (11pm ish). The place seems to always be crackin, I somehow miraculously was able to get there as soon as two bar places cleared up (and immediately taken by me and another couple). Again, food was great, not too loud, good drinks, good appetizers to snack on. Got to give it 5/5.
I am going back again and sticking to my guns the next time. I had to deduct a star but hoping it will be returned upon my next dining experience here.The service was fine, but our entrees were a tiny bit lacking. My gut was to order the halibut, but instead I thought, since I got it the last time, why not try the chicken? But the chicken was too big and overcooked and the skin was crispy but under-seasoned! Then my friend's pork chop was awesomely cooked, but the flavor felt a little too BBQ-y, if that makes any sense, but she loved it and ate the whole chop, which was also big. It was great.It was the flatbread app and dessert that really made it all worth it. The flatbread was a little different from the last one, but still really crispy-gooey, savory, creamy deliciousness. They splotched it with home-made ricotta, and it was awesome. And the strawberry creme brulee was creamy-smooth awesomeness! Great way to cap off the dinner. Going back to try more apps and maybe one day they'll have a lamb entree.
As a surprise, I brought my friend here who has been long anticipating to try this place. Now he can stop bugging me to bring him here. =)We sat on the "chef's" counter since I didn't make reservations. I love how restaurants call this that, but basically it's seating at the counter that nobody wants because everybody wants an actual table. Anyways, we were in a rush to catch our 8pm Wicked show, so we took what we could get. Food lived up to what was expected and I got to try the chicken this time.- Flatbread: we were watching the guy make like 10 of these before we got our order. talk about wetting the appetite! asparagus, mushrooms, panchetta, and arugula = yum!- Chicken: good, lots of herb flavors and not dry- Porkchop: juicy, tender, and good as always!
I had the opportunity to catch up with an old friend here last night for dinner and wish I had noticed their late night hours---perhaps the food would've been better suited for the post-clubbing hours.. I digress. We came in on a Saturday night without a reservation and sat at the bar for all of 8 minutes before the friendly hostess showed us to our seats. The bar was nice, and they made a pretty good Sazarac for about $9. The decor of this place is awesome---no detail was overlooked. The layout was very open and airy. The service was polite---not overly friendly, not rude.The food---it tasted like a carton of salt was dumped on to everything my friend and I ate. We ordered the woodfired calamari, the Manila Clams and Fettucine, and the Lamb Shoulder. While all the dishes were presented nicely and they lended themselves to unexpected flavor combinations, everything was so salty that it was hard to taste anything else. Overall, maybe I'll check this place out for late night some time...but it seems a bit pricey for that purpose.
After hearing so much about this place for so many years, I wasn't that impressed when I finally pulled the trigger on it. Here's what I had:- Red Mustard Greens, Nardello Peppers, Pickled Beets and Pantaleo- Olive Oil Poached Albacore, Haricot Vert, Soft Cooked Egg and Aoli - Moroccan Vegetable Tagine, Toasted Almonds and Lemon Yogurt- Also the trout, which doesn't seem to be on their online menuThe food was good, but not exceptional or memorable, and it was decidedly too little food for two people, especially with their stingy bread servings, so we had to post-eat.I was very unimpressed by the beer selection. The Castle Brewery "Gueuze Fond Tradition" Lambic was so *awful* I couldn't even drink it - it tasted like champagne gone bad. Our server took it back and I had the Schneider "Organic Edel-Weisse" Weisen instead, which was not much better.Oh, and the wine pour looked very ungenerous...I'm not a wine drinker, so take that with a grain of salt...
love this place! but make sure to make a reservation if you want to come here to eat with 2 or more people or expect a wait since its always packed. i recently came here on a friday night with my boyfriend to grab a late night dinner (thumbs up for opening late and with a full bar) with no reservations but we sat at the bar to sip on cocktails waiting to be seated which took about 30mins .. not too bad for a packed place. the food, drinks and service is always pleasant and welcoming!
One of the best foods in Napa, but they loose three of my stars for the service and the whole experience. Very rushed, unfriendly, even rude at times. They should really hire more people and spend more time on training them and emphasize on customer service. I won't be back here.
Never can get a table. Call in advance. Food is killer. Service is friendly. Go here!
The dinner at Nopa is definitely better than their brunch.I highly recommend trying any of there appetizers. Here are my favorites in order:Fried fava beansWarm Goat Cheese, Peppercress, Blueberries, Kumquats and CrostiniWarm Marinated Olives (the best part is dipping the bread in the oil + garlic)Red Butter Lettuce, Strawberries, Almonds and PantaleoThe burger and fries were super good, as was the broccolini. The only knock I have on their food is that they should use way less salt. Otherwise, to finish off the meal, try the strawberry sorbet. I am no a sorbet fan, but this is the best damn sorbet I've ever had in my life. If all sorbet tasted like there's I'd be a total fan.
I keep wanting to like this place, but they have ONE vegetarian -- I'm not even asking for vegan! -- entree, the Moroccan Tagine, and it never changes. Never.C'mon, NOPA -- I get that just about no one in town likes to cater to vegans, but having ONE veggie thing on your menu? At least change it once in a while! Rar.
We "scored" 9:30pm reservations on a Saturday evening which when we showed up, seemed like a blessing. It was PACKED, definitely a very happening place. The noise level is loud though I don't recall hearing music. First thing we noticed was that it was SUPER WARM inside. First I thought maybe it was because we speed-walked 10 blocks past skeezy parts of town but after 30 minutes of non-stop sweating down my neck after we had been seated, I realized that it was REALLY truly warm in here. Gosh, people - crack a damn window.Service was...leisurely. Which I didn't mind but the gap between our appetizers and mains was very significant. Good thing we had delicious drinks. I highly recommend the Pisco Sour (it has egg white in it but it's not gross at all) and my friend liked the Blood and Sand (great whiskey cocktail though I'm not too partial to that particular spirit). Appetizers were an order of their awesome fries served with basil aioli and the fried small fish served with romesco sauce. The texture of the fries were spectacular (think In N Out but thicker and crunchier). The fish was delicious but nothing out of the ordinary. Would have preferred an Asian interpretation of it, tossed with chopped chili peppers, green onions and garlic. We spent some time deciding on our mains. We didn't want to order the same thing but our narrowed down choices mirror one another's. In the end my companion ended up with their pork chop (gigantic) and I got their special pork shanks. It took a bit of convincing for my friend to accept her pork chop cooked less than medium well. She finally realized that perhaps well-done pork chops are attributable to why she hasn't had great luck with the ones she's ordered before. I was very glad she went with the flow because her pork chop was SCRUMPTIOUS. It took all her will power not to pick up the bone and gnaw on it.My pork shanks which were braised in chicken stock and seasonings were also fabulous. I could have eaten a whole pot full of these. Unfortunately, despite how big the pieces looked, it was 80% bone. I want to say actual consumed portions of the shank was about 20%, 10% of which was gristle and tendon. The toasted farro served beneath the shank was perfectly al dente and oh so yummolicious.At this point, we were both so full. I swore to my friend that I felt food protruding out my back with every swallow. We both agreed to skip dessert until our server recommended the sopapillas (fried dough) coated in cinnamon sugar and served with a butter honey sauce. Both the dough and sauce were laced with orange flavor. SOOOO delicious but yet such a bittersweet experience. I knew what awaited each time I swallowed a bite - chewed food I imagine is pushing against the back of my torso. I gave up after two and leaned back completely satiated. Not cheap and definitely not quick. But this was one meal to remember.
Came in on my birthday - didn't mention this to the staff though and the food was spot on. Overall, the selection is impeccable - and I can usually find a spot at the walk in friendly communal table. Each dish is cooked to perfection. Small plates are well made - and the food is delectable. The prices can be a little high as I personally spent $70 without tip or booze on dinner by myself. While I do not eat meat anymore for health reasons - the grass fed burger is highly recommended by everyone i talk to.
I was prepared to wait 2 hours (without a reservation) to celebrate a special event. The hostesses were very courteous and gave me the expected wait time. After enjoying some delicious cocktails at the bar for only an hour I was told my table was ready. Unfortunately my dining partner had not yet arrived, they planned accordingly around their expected arrival time. The hostess was waiting for me at the end of the bar (not the hostess stand... nice touch). The pork chop was as good as others say (I ate all the way down to the bone.) The tagliatelle was good with a nice bounce/elasticity to the pasta. This experience was everything I thought it would be. PS. I almost slipped down their wooden stairway.. good thing nobody saw, but perhaps they can add some floor grip strips.
I don't remember much about eating here... but I do know I was there around midnight on a Tuesday night, which is pretty cool! Our taxi driver suggested it as a place to grab a bite late-night. I shared a soup, pasta and Brussels Sprouts, which were nice. I'm going there again at a more reasonable dinner hour and will report back.
One star goes to our waiter - he was incredibly attentive and did his best to try and guide us in our menu selections. Another star goes to the fact that this place is open late. We were there at 11:30pm on a Tuesday night and the place was still packed, the kitchen still bustling. Not to mention, this place churns out a decent hamburger, and the aioli they use to accompany their french fries is absolute AMAZE. However...We ordered the carrot soup and avocado salad as our starters. 1) The soup was nothing to write home about, kind of reminded me of the boxed kind from Trader Joe's, and 2) if I knew I could've saved $9 if I cut up my own avocado and threw some lemon and walnuts on it, I would've. Also keep in mind that this place does not provide its tables with bread baskets of any kind.MINUS one star. Don't bother with the cocktail list - just stick to the wine and beer and you'll be fine. Boyfriend ordered a margarita and it was so bad, he didn't even bother finishing it, and unless you like the taste of bitters, black licorice and battery acid combined (which I know some of you do), steer clear of the Choke Hold. MINUS one star. And finally, when it came between deciding whether to go for the NY steak or the porchetta, being the adventurous foodie-opportunist that I am, I go for the porchetta. It took over 20 minutes for our entrees to get to our table, and when it finally came, I experienced immediate food plate envy over the burger my boyfriend ordered. The porchetta was everything I expected it to be, even down to the shear amount of fat encrusting the whole thing, but the meat inside lacked any definitive flavor, and I've had better pork chops/tenderloins elsewhere. I enjoyed my side of sauteed brussel sprouts and carrots more than I did the entree itself, possibly due to the fact that I make brussel sprouts at home and they tasted familiar...but I didn't come here for things I could've cooked at home. MINUS one star.So at the end of the day, and nearly $100 later, we were left filled, but with nothing extraordinary worth reporting. I will commend, however, that the ambiance is great and the staff here is very attentive to their patrons. Perhaps we'll come here for small bites and wine versus a full-on dinner course next time we're in the area.
I have been meaning to come here for a couple of years and I had the opportunity to check out this restaurant during my recent CA visit with a friend. We had reservations at 7:45 pm but they were able to accommodate us early at 7 pm. We decided to get a couple cocktails and then 3 appetizers - french fries and harissa aoli, warm goat cheese, asian pears, pickled persimmon and crostini, and roasted squash, housemade ricotta, pecans, sage and brown butter. Everything was so good and I was pretty stuffed before our main courses came in. I decided to get the rotisserie chicken with Yukon gold potatoes, brussels sprouts, sherry onions and romesco and my friend decided to get the grilled pork chop, delicata squash, chard, roasted grapes and mustard. All delicious and fresh but I couldn't finish it all. Despite being full, I still got dessert - a pecan pie tart while my friend got a lavender creme brulee type dessert. Overall, I had a great dining experience and it was really busy for a Monday night. Make sure to get reservations. Next time I come here though, I will get cocktails and share a bunch of appetizers.
My only criticism is the amount of carbs on the brunch menu. There were not many options for those who were watching their carbs, but I assume they could substitute if needed (I didn't ask but a few of my brunchmates noted this). But otherwise everything: the french toast, bread pudding, smoked trout and kale salad, were outstanding. The french toast was unlike any I have ever had; it had a dense and almost but not quite gooey center that apparently meant it was made using a lot of eggs. It was incredible. Also, they smoke their own trout! The smoked trout was unbelievably fresh, and although it lacked the intense smoky taste of a lot of smoked fish, it was still an absolute standout. I would definitely come here again. Next time, I would get one of my own plates instead of just sharing everything, as having a taste of everything left me a bit unsatisfied. The service was excellent.
i've been to NOPA twice -- and each visit was equally as good. the pork chop is juicy, tender and definitely lives up to all the reviews. i also really enjoyed the chicory salad.friendly staff and nice ambiance! will definitely be back soon!
Came for brunch on Fathers Day, which was lovely. I liked how Nopa didn't force us to order from a fixed menu to capitalize on the hallmark holiday. The vanilla bean butter that came with the brioche was one of the best things I have ever tasted. Service was adequate, unmemorable (not in a good nor a bad way). The pulled pork was not my fave, but the burger was pretty awesome.They refuse to cut your burger in half for you, uncool
It's been a year and a half now in San Francisco and still haven't been to nopa so I figured I needed to see what the hype was about. For the most part my high expectations were met, and I certainly had a great time here as it's a great date spot. The atmosphere is awesome, so lively and homey with the big vaulted ceiling. The bar area was packed when we walked in, and it seemed to be a great spot for young professionals and a casual outing both. We were seated on the second floor which was a bit quieter and also provided a great view of the bar, restaurant, and kitchen. We stuck with wine and beer so can't comment on the cocktails but they sounded great. We started with the warm goat cheese and a salad. The salad was good but forgettable but the goat cheese was amazing. So warm and creamy and the arugala and kumquats were a nice touch. For entrees we got the burger and the herbed chicken....here is where the meal fell down a bit! To my surprise as well because I've heard great things about the burger here. It was good but not one of the best I've had. And also the chicken, dark meat was great but the breast was sooooo dry, like please give me some more wine to drink with this! Fairly disappointing but maybe our expectations were too high. Nothing tempted us for dessert.The service here was fairly standard nothing to complain about. I will say the prices were pretty reasonable for SF and overall I think a great date spot. I'd like to give the food another shot because I had a great time!Came back to nopa the other day. Get the pork chop. It's one of the best I've had. It's a must if you come here.
Fantastic, simply fantastic.Thank goodness this is only a hop, skip and a jump away from my house- otherwise my local, organic and sustainable food cravings would be a little bit less convenient to satisfy.Having only eaten her twice (poor me), I can safely say the food is delish. From the moment I walk in to NOPA with its hoppin buzz, to the time I struggle to lift my overeaten self up from the table, I've had a great time.The service is awesome- with staff that knows the difference is between good service and great service. They take care of you, in other words.My recommendation, make a reservation..tonight. Right this second. Otherwise, you might be waiting a couple of weeks..for lunch.
Dinner on a Tuesday around 6:00 PM, the wait can't be that bad right? WRONG! We walked in to see the restaurant was already packed. The hostess told us that most likely the wait would be 1 hour and 15 minutes. She did offer a couple of other options for us if we weren't willing to wait that long. We can either seat ourselves at the communal table or the bar seat where the full menu was served. Those seats were all a first come first serve basis. We decided to opt for the bar seating since we were starving! I would say we weren't there for more than 15 minutes before the hostess came back to offer us a table that came free. How awesome is that? Thanks to the 1000 + reviews on YELP, I knew what I wanted. My friend and I decided to share the baked pasta dish and the pork chops. Even the server said that the pork chops had to be his favorite dish there. The server even helped us picked out a great tasting wine to pair with our food. The bottle was actually pretty decently priced which was another plus.Pork chops - Just as yummy as everyone was claiming it to be. The meat was cooked to perfection. Meat was oozing with juice and it was so tender. Each bite just melted in my mouth! Baked pasta - Now this was a surprise! I knew the pasta was going to be good but not this good! The pasta was baked just right so that it had the right crispiness and enough sauce (not to overwhelming) to keep it from tasting to dry. Wonderful flavors and loved the bread crumbs on top. Even though we finished every bite of our entrees we still decided to try the dessert since one of them caught our eye - warm apricots, black pepper and caramel ice cream with pound cake crumbs. Sounded so interesting. With the first bite I was happy we decided to go out of our norm. The black pepper complimented the caramel ice cream perfectly. I would have never thought black pepper would taste so good with ice cream but NOPA proved me wrong.From start to finish was happy with everything at this restaurant. Decor, food, wine and service were all great! These are one of the places where after you finish your meal you kick back thinking "How lucky am I to live in SF?"
Took a chance and came here on a Sunday afternoon around two and was told a table would be at least thirty minutes so we mosied on over to the bar to stake out a seat. Took all over ten minutes to find two stools!!! The bartender helping us was extremely friendly and welcoming. We ordered a spice donut to share and hamburgers with gruyere and bacon. The donut came out on a hot plate but was oddly only half warm leading me to conclude it was microwaved. The burgers took a good twenty minutes to come out which were almost worth the wait. The grass fed burger I orderes was medium although I wish I it was medium rare because it was barely pink. It was the juciest burger I've ever eaten and almost the best. It was a little too salty so I couldn't completely enjoy it. The aioli it came with was delightful especially the citrus notes. The fries look like giant in n out fries but better. I would come back again and perhaps order a half order of the fluffy french toast I spied along with a medium rare and hopefully less salty burger.
Not that NOPA needs reviewing...but still.We walked in around 8 on a Tuesday evening. There was a 30-45 minute wait for a table, but we hung out at the bar having cocktails while we waited & ended up getting two seats there in maybe 20 minutes.FANTASTIC cocktails. I can highly recommend the 9 - 5 (basically a martini made with sherry - quite subtle & dry), the manzanita (smoky & slightly sweet - mezal & apple liqueur), the cocchi cup (the tastiest grown-up lemonade ever), the choke hold (a cynar margarita, essentially; slightly bitter but well balanced), and the lowland dram (a light, slightly spicy scotch drink - perfect for after dinner). My bf also enjoyed the quintessential but the bonal in it was a touch too bitter for me. All spectacularly well-made & worth the typical $9-10 you pay for a good cocktail in this city. In addition to a reasonable list of signature cocktails (half of which are sherry cocktails), NOPA has an extensive selection of wine & spirits for pairing with your dinner.We started with the white beans appetizer -- amazingly delicious (and quite garlicky!), then had the arugula & date salad (also excellent). The menu rotates seasonally, but both the rotisserie herb chicken & the trout fettuccine were amazing (particularly the sauces that they came with). We also had the seasonal autumn vegetables in brown butter. GOD, I love brown butter. And butternut squash in brown butter...Jesus Christ. So good.We were too full for dessert, but I was intrigued by several things on the menu, like the Johnny Cake (brown butter ice cream and bacon brittle) and the spiced apple crisp with Calvados ice cream. How amazing does that sound!Yes, it can get a little loud, but I wasn't particularly bothered by it. Of course, it was a Tuesday, so I'd expect that it's more crowded on the weekend. Service from everyone involved was spectacular.
Been waiting to get a reservation at this place for months now, but I could never plan that ahead when I wanted to go. Finally got my reservation and had high expectations. Waited at the bar for the reservations and the drinks were amazing. The bartender knew what she was doing. After getting seated and ordered the pork chop and grass fed burger (the two top recommendations that I received) I thought it was overrated. They didn't have the braised rabbit legs that I wanted to try. I don't get what the big fuss is all about and sure don't get why I would have to wait so long for a reservation for this place. The fries tasted like any other fries from out of the freezer. Parking was terrible, had to circle the block at least 5 times for a parking spot. Don't think I'll be waiting that long for another visit here.
Amazing! They have the best grass fed burger EVER! Make sure you try it with guerrier cheese. I always ask for medium rare. It melts in your mouth.
After opening the heaviest door in the world (I guess they don't want anyone to come in), I was greeted by a strange woman."How may I help you?""Hi..." I'm waiting for her to ask if I made a reservation."How may I help you?""I made a reservation."She gives me attitude, "What is the name under?""Janet Siharath."Still giving attitude, "It will be a few minutes."So we got seated 10 mins later. Didn't like where they placed us... on the main floor, one of those four seater tables in the middle of the room. Let's talk about the service.I'd rather be served by the busboy (doesn't speak English). Why? Because the waitress doesn't smile. Doesn't give eye contact. She gives attitude. She obviously hates her job. Not very attentive. After I told her about the steak, "it was okay." She gives me an attitude, "it's JUST okay?" Then I said, "yes, but everything else on the plate is delicious." And she walks away. I hope she gets fired. Anyways, she did refill our water, asked if the food was okay, and boxed my fries. And the manager was very friendly.Now, let's talk about the food.Bad:Steak, hard as a rock. Overly decorated. I guess I'm not the only one because I saw a few other tables with their steaks untouched.Sea Bass, dry. Flavor killed by the sauce.The dip (that comes with the fries) is gross and thick. I should've asked for ketchup.Good:Flatbread. Very light and crispy. Super delicious.Everything else was "meh, ok". I will not come back. Next time I'll go to Popeyes that's across the street.Sum it up:Bad over-priced food.Service that doesn't deserve the tip.A restaurant not worth fighting for parking over.The employees need training on how to talk to humans.Oh yeah, I was celebrating my birthday. lol
The cocktails and desserts are even better than the food. Fabulous service and ambiance. Highly highly recommended!
NOPA has a really cool, easy vibe. I love the open floor space and the tall ceilings. When you walk in, you get this feeling that you're gonna get really good food without a fussy atmosphere.I've been at NOPA for both dinner and brunch. At dinner - I was the only one who didn't order the pork chops... and I regret it. There's so much on the menu that I wanted to try - so my suggestion is to go with 4 peeps, that way you can try more of the menu. Although I guess this didn't work for me since all my friends got the pork chop.Brunch is also a must at NOPA. I got the butter basted farm eggs over crispy polenta. Goat cheese bread pudding is also good to share. NOPA is also well known for their bar. I recommend the ramos gin fizz (brunch) or the dark and stormy.
Ok for it's price
Very chic spot and extremely busy when my friends and I went. My friend was hyping this place up but I never let that cloud my judgement. We had been drinking before so I had a healthy buzz walking in.This place had its own rotisserie ! Once I saw that I had to order a chicken. I dont care how boring that may seem to a snotty and pretentious gourmand. Its what I wanted and its what I ordered and I demolished it. Well, not completely. My female companion finished off the rest haha.Apparently seats are hard to come by at this eatery so we lucked out. Well, the gal pal knew someone that knew someone and got us a reservation. Very cool.I would definitely come back even though they dont carry Jamesons. They gave me a sample of another Irish whiskey and it was fine.
brunch at nopa is a definite must!while the menu may look minimal, the flavors are anything but! i ordered a brussels sprouts with eggs dish which was superb. and the bloody marys are exceptional...perfectly spicy with just enough heat to make this extra spicy lover sweat with content. i will be back and it will be soon. believe it.
My friend and I randomly just showed up at like 10pm on a Friday, knowing that they are one of the few restaurants that serves dinner late. We had to wait about an hour for a seat, but I wasn't surprised or miffed since we did not have reservations and we came so late. The host was very cool, and he was keeping an eye on the "family style" table at the front for us while we waited. I liked the idea of a communal table, especially for people who dine alone, but we did want to talk alot so the two seats at the bar that looks at the kitchen worked out very well. Plus We did request to take dessert home and the waitress balked saying they have a strict "no takeout" policy. I don't really get that since it was basically a doggie bag, but whatever I still gave her a big tip because the service was excellent. I will definitely take my hubs here next time we are in SFO.
Was planning on heading home yesterday when I received a tweet from Nopa, mentioning they would have 9 hour bolognese and homemade pappardelle on the menu. I'm a sucker for almost anything cooked long and slow. Suffice it to say, my plans changed.Arrived around 6:45pm and got a seat at the Chef's Counter immediately and started perusing the menu. A few minutes later I ordered a White Manhattan, an Early Girl tomato salad, and the pappardelle with bolognese.The cocktail was top-notch, clean and bright. My taste in cocktails tends toward stronger flavors, this was a damn tasty drink.The tomato salad consisted of Early Girl tomatoes, croutons, shaved pepato, mizuna, and olive oil. Damn good. The sweet and acid from the tomatoes with the grassy oil, the salty cheese and crunchy croutons. Every bite was a little different. Those were some fine croutons.Next up was the pappardelle with bolognese, which was worth the detour. The pasta was cooked perfectly, with just enough tooth to stand up to the thick meaty sauce. The addition of escarole added a nice bitter contrast. Top it all with grated pecorino (romano, I think). Though, really, shave some good cheese on damn near anything and I'll love. it.A bite or two into the pasta I ordered a Reutberger helles. It's a somewhat stronger beer which matched well.For desert I had the almond butter cake with roasted plums and pluot sorbet, with creme anglaise. I asked for a fortified wine recommendation and was brought the 2006 Le Rectorie Banyuls, which paired perfectly with the rich, dense cake and the sweet/tart of the plums and sorbet.The service was great, I never felt rushed or abandoned.All told it was an excellent meal. I've been before and will absolutely go again.
I doubt I could write a review that says something over 3000 others havent already said. Some friends booked reservations a few weeks in advance, I just moved to the area so had no idea what I was getting into. The Lowland Dram is without a doubt the BEST specialty cocktail I have ever tasted. If you enjoy scotch and pretentious drinks than this is a winner. Pork chop is as good as any of the pics will show and is definitely a must have. Order any appetizer, they are all top notch, warm olives, tuscan bread soup, etc. Definitely giving the burger a go next time
Even if you've been living in some secluded cave for the last five years, you probably still would've heard about NOPA. As a restaurant that has really defined and shaped an area, NOPA has been a prominent force in the City's culinary picture for years - one which everyone seems to have an opinion about. I had been hesitant to try it out for a long time, after hearing from a few people that they thought it was relatively overrated. However, as soon as that first bite hit my mouth I knew those people were just flat-out wrong: NOPA deserves all of the attention it has received. It's not reinventing New American cuisine, and it's not trying to be one of the most refined restaurants in the City. There is value in simplicity, and NOPA offers straight-forward, seasonal, well-composed dishes that taste fantastic. Bruschetta with butter beans ($11), Sun Gold tomato, and grilled calamari isn't shockingly original, but the execution and flavor is spot-on; serving up a grass-fed burger ($13) may seem commonplace, but served at a perfect medium rare with pickled onion, gruyere, house-cured bacon, on a house-made brioche bun makes something simple into something absolutely mind-blowing - arguably the best burger in the City. And, I hate to compliment the Flat Bread because it's just so easy to cover it with bacon and make it taste delicious, but damn that flat bread is good.Add in a full bar and one of the best cocktail menus in the City, and it's easy to see why it's been one of SF's most popular restaurants for so many years. The only problem with being so popular is that, even though the restaurant is sizable, there is almost always a wait. During the peak hours of almost every night of the week, expect to feel like a wolf, eyeing your prey and ready to attack as soon as someone gets up from their bar stool.If nothing else, NOPA is the definition of consistent. Dishes are never overworked, flavors are always clean, and every item is beautifully cooked and seasoned. No matter what the season, or what modifications have been made to the daily-changing menu, at NOPA you can always expect solid food and solid cocktails.
I don't understand the hype of this place.Granted, the service was great but the food was just meh.. Forgettable. I was told that they had the best burger in town but why?? I've eaten at a lot of burger joints in the city and I just don't see how this one stands out. I ordered brussel sprouts and the broccoli which were ok but again, I've had better.I wouldn't mind eating there again if a friend wanted to, but I wouldn't go there again on my own.
Nopa seems to be the quintessential type of restaurant representing SF.[stinging nettle starter]They gave us a complimentary starter of stinging nettle which they said is bad for you unless you cook it out. It is like a basil pesto, but with more character.[goat ragu]I had a goat ragu and it was rather delicious. The goat was tender, and the saucing of the dish was perfect.[overall]Given their other zillion reviews (and from looking around the pork chop looks ginormous), Nopa no doubt cooks their food very well.The only thing I would gripe about is I would wish they would charge half the price and get half of the dish. The portions are quite large, and I would like to have the opportunity to eat more through the menu.I can't really form an opinion on their entire menu until eating more dishes though.
I couldn't possibly write something that hasn't already been stated, so here are some of my top links:yelp.com/user_details_reyelp.com/user_details_reI will say this much about my first experience here:Thank goodness the bar is a nice place to wait, and the communal table is a good option if you 1) didn't make reservations and 2) can find a spot to sit.Overall, 4.5 stars rounded down because the two hour wait was insane.
I live 2.5 miles from NOPA - about a 20 minute bike ride if I fly up the Alamo Square hill - but this restaurant is closer to home for me than any other restaurant in this fine city. NOPA has served me - well - in every capacity that a restaurant possibly can. First date. Destination restaurant with grandma. Month-six date night. Late night snacks after a show. The wonderful folks running this restaurant have nailed everything right on the head.Forget reservations and saddle up to the nearest barstool or space on the community table - there is no better seat. -When I've been here solo, I've conversed with a host of characters: a wine importer and entrepreneur; a nuclear physicist exploring America; a managing partner at Goldman Sachs with a $5bn desk (and the Maserati to prove it). -When I've been here with others, it's only a matter of time before wine and cocktail glasses are clinked in celebration to a joke overheard or bar-wide announcement made.4 stars? The food's great; not perfect. The cocktails are tops. The sommelier has _never_ failed me, even within my budget. But stars are not only about the tangibles. 5 stars is a glass ceiling. Having been a patron here throughout the 3 short years I've been in San Francisco, I won't shortchange NOPA with perfection, I'll just keep going there to experience it.
Delicious Brunch!! Got their yogurt and granola -- who knew such a simple dish could be so friggin good! And the scone with creme fraiche, I actually asked for seconds of the creme, it was that good. I love the space, it has a lot of natural light and just feels nice to be in there. My friend knows one of the chefs, Anne, and she rocks! Super talented and a really sweet person, I was happy to come support a place with such young talent. Will definitely be back to try out lunch or dinner.
get the pork chop
good food, good ambience, good prices.sausage flatbread: highlight of the night. slightly crispy base. fresh veggies on top. just the right amount of cheese and sausage.pork chop: tender, cooked to perfection. my friends thought it was standard at this price point. i thought it was a notch above!baked cauliflower: bread crumb topping. right amount of cream. fries with lemon meyer aioli: standardsauteed greens (collard greens? i forget what): very standard. i couldve made this at home...service was what id expect at this kind of restaurant.
It was kind of surprising seeing the amount of people eating at this hour (9:30pm, Tuesday). The couple in front of us was told it would be an hour wait. Luckily, my brother had made reservations 2 days beforehand.We sat next to some "woo-hoo" girls and a drunk out-of-town couple who were refered over from their hotel. We ordered some bottled beer, a glass of wine ($9 ea) and a couple appetizers to start off with. The calamari was fresh and tender, grilled to perfection in a zesty vegetable mix coated with some sort of vinaigrette. This was probably my favorite dish of the night. The flat bread came out a little later. Melted goat cheese over bits of bacon, escorale and onions on a thin soft crust. I noticed the bread started to get a little soggy after being out on the table. I would suggest eating it quick. The portion size for the appetizers were good enough for our party of four.For the main course, I order the seafood stew. The cod fish was perfectly cooked. It was like butter in my mouth. The salmon and mussels were tasty as well. The two pieces of bread were a nice addition to the meal for soaking up all the extra stew. My only problem with my dish, was the amount of salt used. I usually don't cook with much salt, so I may be biased. My brother and cousin each ordered the pork chop. I was shocked at the size if it. The cut was fairly thick and took up most of the plate. I tasted a little piece of the pork. It was nice and juicy. My other brother ordered the chicken. It was moist, however, it did lack some flavor. My brother commented that it was nothing special.Even though we were pretty stuffed, we still ordered some dessert. We went for the chocolate souffle and the cheesecake. They were both delicious. I really enjoyed the shortbread crust on the cheesecake.Overall, it was a solid meal. All the ingredients were fresh, but I didn't think the food was to die for. Our bill between the four of us came out to about $170 without tip. I definitely think this restaurant is worth trying out, but I don't think I would become a regular.
Just spectacular food period!Ambiance, service (we had Ryan last night whom I would rate as the best waiter in SF), and food are all top notch. We shared fava beans, Pork roast, Burger w fries and braised veggies yesterday. I can tell you they were all spectacular. The one problem is parking in the neighborhood. I looked for a spot for 20 minutes. I wish they had valet service. But then again do they need more customers? It doesn't look like it. Yesterday we went there at 9:00pm (Thursday night), It was jam packed. They were seating people at 11:00pm when we were leaving and there was still line out the door.
We had a reservation for eight people at 9pm on a Friday. I can see a lot of ways that could have gone badly- but it was amazing.They had our table ready at 9:05, and put up with our labors of ordering for a couple hours. We asked a lot of obnoxious questions like, "what's pappardelle?" and our server patiently helped us along.We ended up getting drinks, a variety of appetizers, one of each entree (except the chicken), wine, dessert, and coffee. A bite of everything was shared and every bite was impeccable. Seriously, the most delicious things I ever introduced to my tongue happened at Nopa.Also, I know nothing about wine and I vaguely told the waiter I could go for a French red to go with my juicy spare ribs- he brought the best glass of wine I've ever sipped on. The whole meal was making love in my mouth all evening. I was sad to leave, especially since I was so full and tipsy. Nopa, I think I love you.
Burger + Fries = HAPPY.
Nothing impressive, and definitely overrated! Its a good restaurant, but nothing really impressive. There are many good restaurants in the city which arw not rated as high as this one
NOPA is buying cheap meat. You can tell by the toughness of a steak and the huge amount of gristle. NOT OK.I ordered the New York steak which I'm told is on the menu only a few times a month. I said I wanted it rare.What came to me was past medium rare, it was approaching well done. I cut into it a bit and found gristle. The flavor was horrible.I sent it back.While waiting for another one the VERY NICE MANAGER offered me their delicious avocado salad. At last, my steak came. It was still not rare, it was medium rare, but I was not going to send it back.Again, the meat was tough and was riddled with gristle. I'd say 1/4 of it was inedible. There was absolutely none of that flavor we steak lovers adore. Something that says a lot about this place is the steak knife. It's serrated. NO ONE who knows anything about meat uses a serrated knife - these knives don't cut meat, they tear it.Our waiter was a total jerk who complained that we had a lot of food allergies and demanded to be told of our needs immediately. It was very hostile.He gave us very poor service. I was ready for glass of wine #3 and he never came back until it was time for the bill. Was he friendly to other people? Sort of, but he'll win no popularity contests.We also shared an order of fries. We were not given condiments by the waiter, but others near us got theirs. I finally asked for mustard, and the little dish was filled half way. I love mustard and blew through it fast - like the wine, I never got more.The bar tender who gave me glass of wine #1 was great. As was the manager who was scurrying around making people happy. They are the one reason I'm giving 2 stars and not 1 star.Hello there NOPA - look at your recent reviews, they are very close to my experience. You guys are in trouble. I remember thinking that I should have ordered the burger . . . I saw several of them and i'll tell you, they are tiny. Well maybe not tiny like a slider but they sure did not look like a big juicy burger that you'd expect from a place like NOPA.
Trendy brunch spot with great drinks. Managed to snag a reservations for 4 at 12:30pm on a Saturday just a day in advance - but definitely make reservations if you want to eat here.Two of us arrived early so we waited at the bar for a bit and ordered a bloody mary and a homemade donut - oh my goodness! The bartender was nice enough to split our drink into two glasses, and it was oh so spicy. The donut was like a crispy, cinnamony cloud.When we sat down, we ordered the goat cheese bread pudding (wonderful, more savory than sweet) and split a burger medium rare - delicious, as were the fries with garlic aioli. Definitely the right order. You need to try this place!
This place was awesome. Came in on a Saturday afternoon to find a hefty wait - I'm glad it was raining and we didn't try and go somewhere else. We ended up finding a couple seats at the bar and decided to enjoy our lunch there. Started off with a Bloody Mary (If you have read my other reviews you know that I'm in a constant search for good ones). Well the Bloody at NOPA was awesome, just the right amount of spice, very smooth, garnished with a beautiful yellow beet and if I wouldn't have had things to do later on in the day I would have probably had a few more (that or tried one of their other cocktails that sounded absolutely wonderful). The bartenders were all awesome, definitely knew what they were doing and extremely nice. Not bad on the eyes either ;)To eat I had the Butter Basted Farm Eggs - Roasted Artichokes, Leeks, Kale, Dill, Tomato and Crispy Polenta. YUMMMMMMMMMMM. My friend and I met a guy at the bar that was in from NY, somehow they accidentally ordered him extra french toast so we got to try the Custard French Toast - Blood Orange Marmalade and Honey Lemon Butter - WOWZA. I can't wait to go back.
I just went back again to the wonderful world of NOPA and once again we were not disappointed. There were four of us including the Prince of Taiwan, and we each ordered an entree, and we all ordered the full order of the French Toast for "dessert".Our fabulous server took the order and looked us with slight disbelief and told us that we ordered too much food, and he didn't want us "hurting".I laughed because to the POT "hurting" is getting an unwanted lap dance from a 200 pound stripper, not eating too much food at this heavenly joint. everyone knows how much i love their French toast..so i will talk a bit about the new dish i got..the Braised Brisket. It just melts in your mouth like ice cream. Bear in mind this is mostly due to the fat..so this is not a dish for the super health conscious. the others in the party got the burger, the bratwurst and the trout. All good, but nothing beat the brisket and the toast.Thanks again for sucking up all my drug money NOPA..i will have to do tricks now to get my crack fix at the local crackhouse nearby.
3.5 starsThe flatbread was really good, and the pork chop was amazing! I don't like pork chops at all, but the one here is phenomenal in flavor and texture mmmmm. Wish it came with a better side than grilled apple and pecans, like fresh asparagus or mashed potatoes or something (or both!)Service was good. Have to take off a star since my friends entree of fish and fettuchini was super bland and disappointing. I would be bummed if I ordered that!
One thing to say - best burger in the city. And I know this because my LA Hollywood famo friends tell me that's the word in H-wood about Nopa. So it must be true. And I definitely think it is. Get all the extras. The fries are brilliant and I save all my fry allowance for here. All the veg and little plates are great too.  I'm not gushingly positive on it all though. Wine by the glass is not great. It's expensive and mostly uninteresting. There seems to be a bit of a negative vibe about cal wines and new world at the moment. NO WAY. There's never been a better time to drink the vibrant and sophisticated flavors of ca, Nz, argentina, aus and chile. I also find nopa bar stressful. Hovering to get a seat, the land grab and the viper looks from the possessive types. And I'm never organized enough to get a reservation at chefs table a month or so out.
I don't get it. Teeny, tiny brunch menu, as is now the fashion. Inconsistent drinks (a pal and I each had the grapefruit cardamom spritzer, and mine was pink and fruity, while hers was brown and spicy). Indifferent service (I believe our waitress was pregnant; in any event, she looked annoyed as hell when I asked her to describe some of the dishes and phoned in her performance). The goat cheese bread pudding and custard french toast are as good as promised, and the decor and hostess are inviting, but my sage sausage-wild rice thingy was bland and watery (as in, water at the bottom of the bowl), and I specifically requested the MOST flavorful thing on the menu. Reminded me of Central Kitchen. What the hell is happening to brunch?
Took a good friend here for his 25th bday and was totally impressed! I was prepared to spend a lot this night, ordering 3 entrees, 2 appetizers, and several round of cocktails (just for the 2 of us!!)Appetizers- Goat Cheese Platter.... fucken amazing. It was warm, tasty, and absolutely declicious!- Flat Bread.... enjoyed it even more than the goat cheese! This is a must!Entrees- Burger... fdalkfjasdl;kfja wtf how is it that amazing??- Porkchop... tasty, and definitely not dry but it wasn't as memorable as I was hoping- Pappardelle... Solid but nothing too specialFor cocktails, we ordered this whiskey drink that was off the menu. Wish I could remember the name, but probably had too many of them to do so. Sorry, dropped the ball on this one.Overall, this place is incredible. We ordered all of that and it only came out to be a little over $150 and most of that were the drinks.
To me this place was like one of those movies that everyone hypes up, rising your expectations, only to find out that it was ehhh..ok...I mean this place is on the 7x7 list, there is a ridiculous wait, and it has rave reviews on yelp. That is setting a pretty high standard for itself. Not surprisingly, I was really excited to try it. I tried the custard french toast which is on the 7x7 list of items you must eat before you die. It was good, but not 7x7 list good. I found it pretty sweet. I also had the open baked eggs, which I did like but it wasn't especially special. It was sort of like spicy marinara sauce with eggs and cheese and crusty bread for $9. Overall the food was okay, but I don't think it's worth waiting 2 hours for.
Had an excellent Old-Fashioned (made with rye) cocktail while waiting for seats.We ended up at the communal table where we had great service. We had the toasted bread heaped high with avocado & capers as a starter. Our entrees were the salmon, and rabbit pasta, which were both delicious.We finished with the sopapillas -- light, but satisfying sweet ending.Alas, the duck and pork chop were not on the menu that night. I guess we'll have to come back.
The food is 10 stars. Nopa is my favorite restaurant in SF. But this review is for the older lady with glasses that was our server. She looked me up and down and rolled her eyes, blatantly talked shit about us to other employees, did nothing to engage or even smile. She made us feel very unwelcome. I'm a server too and I can at least pretend I like my job. I almost asked to speak to a manager but didn't want to put a damper on the already damp evening. The food is so amazing and I will be back. But this woman was so rude that I would ask for another server if I was sat in her section.
Finally I was able to make reservations and try this restaurant out. From all the raving reviews I have read about NOPA I my expectations I guess was too high. I ordered the egg appetizer to spilt, it was in a small portion and tasty yet i didn't see anything special about it then a green salad and a egg on top.Ordered the pork chop which majority of the yelpers had said to be the best entree. The meat was cook just right and tender but it wasn't as tasty and meat falling off the bone as many reviews have said. To me it was just alright. Portion size was good enough I was so stuff I wasn't even able to order dessert. My companion had the pasta and a dark beer which came out warm and not even in a chilled glass. I wasn't sure of this is how they serve their beers like here or it's suppose to serve warm. Weird...Everyone had a complimentary one apple slice with house made cheese sauce. Nothing special either but a bit refreshing. All and all, I'm not sure if I experience what others yelped about NOPA or it's just that the reviews are written in the way that I'm suppose to experience it too but didn't get it because indeed the restaurant was busy and it was a 11pm dinner meal...
Josh D. & I checked out NOPA before going to a show at The Independent. It's just down the street! I was able to make a reservation in the AM for that evening. I think there was a cancellation. Grilled calamari: clean & fresh. I loved this. Smoked trout: I was expecting more of a smoky flavor, overall a little blandRotisserie herbed chicken: definitely the thing to get here. they have a rotisserie in the kitchen. the meat was falling off the bone. try it with a sprinkle of sea salt.The food was simple but good, service was great. I'd come back for the chicken.
As a visitor to SF, I hadn't heard of NOPA and went in based on my date's recommendation. What set it apart from my favorite east coast restaurants of comparable menus/prices was the service and the vibe. Our waitress Joanne was conscientious, witty and attentive without being overwhelming; she brought me two straws of different sizes so that I could eat my chicken soup (superb) and drink my bourbon without interfering with my mustache. Further, everyone on the ground floor where we were seated was talking and laughing with both their own dinner companions and those at neighboring tables, probably a result of the group table set up. The exception to the rule was the poor girl at my right, who was on what I can definitively say was one of the worst first dates I've ever eavesdropped.Our party of two was seated immediately, although the place was crowded for a Tuesday night. On a weekend, I'd recommend a reservation.
Amazing french toast and eggs. Their cocktails are also very tasty. Nopa is currently my favorite brunch spot in the city.
Ordered the goat entree - some hesitation due to the fact that it was, well, goat. It was an interesting dish, very mediterranean and quite tasty.Disappointing were the chicken and pork dishes. We only ate the dark meat from the half-chicken since the breast was so dry it was practically inedible. The pork chop dish was so-so, a bit uninspired.I would say that the best part of the meal was the full bar (alcohol drowns everything), they have a great wine list and also dessert wines. The best part of my meal was dessert, which was the brown-butter-ice-cream-bacon combo. Loved it.However, for the cost of the meal -- we spent $350+/- for a party of 4 people, it certainly warranted more than the mediocre experience that, in my mind, it was.
I think this place is a bit hyped up. The food is not that impressive.
I hadn't been here in a while and thought it would be a good example of an SF new-esque place to bring a friend of mine from Italy as it was his first visit here.We ate the community table. Outside of the people watching (my friend was in awe at his first "looks" at SF folks), it was a great dining experience. The service was very efficient. The food was very well prepared and presented. The blend of "Cal-Med" was very interesting for my friend to experience in the sense of seeing and tasting how the Provencal and Italian influence is tweaked when it makes its way across the big pond and on the other side of our continent. Having lived in Italy and France for many years I am a member of the inspired group of chefs who cooks this way. I think my friend was impressed that its possible on our shores. I look forward to going back.
I've been meaning to write a Yelp review ever since Nopa's head chef Lauren was chosen to be on the team representing SF during the Le Fooding Throwdown against NY last year. SF won, and I'd say he was a big reason we beat out the snobby New Yorkers at their own competition. I love the food here, everything has an organic and fresh feel to it.At the same time, there's a very urban vibe, and you might walk in and mistakenly think you're in a NY restaurant. It's nearly impossible to get a table for walk-ins, and if you have more than 4 in your party, you better make a reservation weeks in advance. We were there until 12am on a Sunday, and it was still packed with people, some of which were barely coming in for their reservations. As for the food... Best Pork Chop I've ever had! I can still remember that first bite. It wasn't a pork chop, it was a cowboy sized steak chop made out of pork. Insanely moist and tender. The second time I ordered the chop , the cut was a lot smaller, and it was cooked in an herbal marinade. But it was amazingly delicious, and still tender and juicy. The secret is in the brine, and I'm all for it. We were seated right above the open kitchen so even though it eventually felt like eating in a sauna, we had a fun time watching the food being cooked at each stage, and observing the scandalous kitchen affairs. Nopa's become my favorite restaurant in the city. Definitely get here if you like food.
Very hip, trendy place for dinner. We ordered the grass fed cheeseburger, rotisserie chicken, porkchops, fried little fish for appetizer, and sopaipillas for dessert. Very simple, familiar menu, but the execution is what sets them apart. The veggies are cooked perfectly, well-seasoned, and compliment the dish perfectly. Their fries are super crispy and STAYED super crispy. I usually do not like thick fries, but I did like the fries at NOPA. My favorite dish was the porkchop, it almost tasted like a ribeye steak, so moist and meaty. Overall, great dining experience and I would highly recommend.
This place had great beer, tasty absinthe, thick, juicy and tender pork chops, delicious vegetarian dishes, savory lentil soup, unctuous roasted duck breast over basil risotto, arugula and fried squash blossom and nectarine, and this wood grilled hangar steak that will leave your mouth gaping like a stunned trout.
I went to visit my friend in SF with the bf and she made reservations for NOPA for us 3. My friend has eaten here before and raved about the "best pork chops ever" but said that we should try it for ourselves just in case she over-hyped it. My flight was delayed so we didn't show up at the restaurant until 9 p.m. There were 2 open tables and we were seated in less than 5 minutes.What we ordered:Appetizer:Flatbread of house cured pancettaEntrees:LambPork ChopHerb roasted ChickenDessert:Strawberry-lemon parfaitSpiced Chocolate cakeWe sat down almost immediately. The restaurant was blazing with life. Tons of people standing around at the bar lounging, and all the tables will filled shortly after we arrived. The restaurant was in full swing at 9 p.m., no signs of winding down any time soon. We placed our order and about 10 minutes later someone came by to let us sample what I believe was the warm goat cheese, pickled beets, frisee and costini. It was very flavorful and woke up my taste buds. Prior to this I did not have an appetite for dinner since the bf and I had a late lunch from Panera Bread at 3 p.m. prior to heading off to the airport.Approximately 20 minutes later we were still waiting for our food and we sipped on our wine and beers. We watched as the waiters/waitresses walked by with entrees for the other diners and we soon developed a healthy appetite and couldn't wait for our food to arrive. The flatbread came out and we were very excited to dig in. The flatbread was delicious. It was topped sausages and green scallions. It was a perfect balance of toppings to the flatbread. We were quick to finish our flatbread and it had to be about another 20-30 minutes before our entrees were brought out. We decided to share the meals family style so everyone could get a taste of everything. I dug in to the pork chop first. It was delicious. A mouthful of juicy pork chop. I've never had such a thick cut of pork chop. It was grilled on the outside and tender and juicy on the inside like a good steak. Served with some type of beans, it was a great combination. All three of us voted the Pork Chop as #1 entree of the night.Our #2 rank was a very close second. The lamb. It was served sliced, and you saw a beautiful pink inner that made your mouth water. The flavor was incredible. I've never had lamb prepared this way. It was not the slightest bit game-y. If i were to come back to NOPA I would most definitely be ordering both the Pork Chops and the Lamb.Our third entree was the Chicken which I thought was not impressive. We finished with the Strawberry-lmon parfait and the Spiced Chocolate cake. Both were rich but I think I could have gone without the dessert altogether.All that, 2 glasses of wine, and 1 beer, came out to about $170, our 2 hour long dinner. By the time we left the restaurant we decided the nights plans would be a quiet night hanging out in someone's apartment. It was a great experience and I would definitely come back again and again.p.s. Wish I had pictures to show because it was definitely a delicious meal but by the time the food all came we were all so eager and hungry it completely slipped my mind.
I went on a Saturday night at like 11pm with a friend, and we are lucky enough that someone cancel their reservation so we can take their table :D or else the wait will be around 45min.We ordered an avocado salad for appetizer and I would say that I'm pretty satisfy with it, although I thought that the salad will come with some leafy greens. The plate might look small, but this salad is actually pretty fulling because I'm sure there's like around 2-3 avocados in there. It's tossed peanuts and something else crunchy (which i forgot what was it). The flavors are well balance. Filled me up even when I shared with someone.I got the burger with the cheese and my friend got the rotisserie chicken. Well, I like my burger pretty well-done, so my friend think it's kinda dry for him. I think it's ok and I like that they give you pickled onions which is pretty good with the burger. They also give you like a generous amount of fries too. I tried the chicken, and I think its only ok because it's kinda bland in my opinion.We also got the trio of sorbet, in which the flavors are plum, peaches and a mystery one. I was trying, I tasted the plum, then the peach, then on the 3rd one, I'm surprised. My friend wondering why my expression changed, he immediately tried it too and gave me the same look. I can definitely taste some alcohol in it, so we are wondering what could this pinkish sorbet be. When our waiter came, he told us that that sorbet is infused with cognac and strawberry (?), which was a pleasant surprise.The total came out to be ~$74 (plus tips), so it's not that bad cause I got super full from it. I'm satisfy with this place. I might go back if I'm in that area.
So I had my doubts as usual driving around looking for a parking space near NOPA and thought maybe my night waiting along with the 50+ people at the bar of NOPA was going to be horrible. Then I find a space right in front.  When you walk into here you think maybe you're not in the right place, with a community table and bar with seating to the left and their dining room to the right. You feel as if you're in a casual eatery with the eclectic group of patrons, wait we're in San Francisco. You do not have to worry about not having enough choices, from the special drinks, wines, to the food. I was amazed that however the drink menu had a lot of choices, the specialty drinks were good. While you wait for seating at the bar or in their dining section you gaze all over the place and see the delicious plates floating around.Expect to wait a while on the weekends and let me tell you it's all worth the wait. From the starters we ordered Deep Fried Sardines and a Red Beet soup w/ chicharonnes and feta, to our entrees Braised Lamb Shank and the thick juicy Grilled Pork Chop w/ the yummiest brussell sprouts I've ever had. So the how do I describe the Red Beet soup? Hmmmmm. Damn good considering the how much I love red beets and chicharonnes separately and never thought to combine them together, and with the addition of feta. Wow! As they print on the Doritos packaging "Flabour Explosivo". Must I say more? No time to when I'm excited to to try the other dishes. The Deep Fried Sardies were so crispy like potato chips, but still juicy inside, were the perfect compliment to the soup.When the Braised Lamb Shank arrives the server tells us that it's been braised for over 3 hours long. And let me tell you the aromatics used for the braising sure makes your stomach itching to just devour the juicy and tender lamb shank. Right after they serve the shank I receive my juicy Grilled Pork Chop. From looking at the meaty and plump portion I knew I was in for a huge treat. My first bite into this pork chop only led me to believe that they prepped the chop just right by brining it in some salt and molasses based brine, because you taste the sweetness peer through the mustard seed glaze. Yum!Lastly we ordered a Warm Apple Tart w/ smoked and bourbon ice cream to end our plentiful meal. Oh and to top that off they added bacon brittle to the Warm Apple Tart. Yes BACON brittle. WOW! You just have to go here and figure this one out!Go to NOPA for a early night, enjoying their drinks/bar and then make room for a full meal. When I mean full you have to have a starter, entree and dessert. Believe me you will not be disappointed for this casual dining place that opens late.
Ummm I don't know what I can say that 2,200+ people haven't. I like to spell my reviews out every once in awhile so here I go...-----N---eed to order the flatbread app and ANY cocktail-----O---pen late, need to make a reservation to eat during prime time-----P---ork chop is so good I would wife that and take her last name! -----A---wesome burger... love the pickled onion!...I hope that sums NOPA up for you. Go check it out for yourself if you haven't already and then spell it out to me!
The hype surrounding NOPA was staggering. Friends, co-workers, blogs, Bauer: They all said it was one of the best restaurants in The City. NOPA didn't disappoint. After stuffing ourselves fat with impressive portions I took a look at the receipt, and I realized why everyone raves about this place. Baked beans. Flat bread. Pork chop. Ice-cream sandwich. It's comfort food that, when you're eating it, seems like so much more. Simplicity meets remarkable execution, and, if you're lucky enough to get a table, ends up in a protruding gut and a satisfied smile.
With over 2300+ reviews I don't feel the need to elaborate on the positive aspects of NOPA. Let me just say that if you are going to be in SF and want a great meal with excellent service and ambiance make a reservation for NOPA, if you can get one. All of the courses we excellently prepared, served hot, had complimentary flavors, and tasted great. The legendary pork chop is just that, a legend. Imagine a huge tomahawk chop cooked just above medium, slightly pink throughout and you can visualize my dish. The flatbread was also what every one else has raved about, make it your app order when you eat here. The only miss was the amuse, a grilled crostini with cinnamon-strawberry butter is not a good way to start such a delicious meal. The overly sweet butter actually turned off my palate a little since I was planning to tuck into such a savory, meat filled meal. In the future I would prefer a more savory amuse to compliment the savory courses to follow. This amuse would be more suited to a desert only visit. Shout out to the waitress for prompt service, a pleasant demeanor, and excellent recommendations!!!
I've been to NOPA three times and it was a solid four stars each time. It's really good food, not too over-wrought, and great cocktails. It's always really busy though, and hard to get a reservation. Desserts are delicious too. Looking forward to next time I'm in SF to go again.
Great service and even better food. If that's what you want then go to NOPA. The reason we came here is because we saw the Flat bread Smoked Bacon Pizza on the Food Network show "The Best Thing I Ever Ate". Well thank you Giada! When we first arrived at 6:30 pm there were no tables available till 8:15 but the hostess said she could take my number and call me as soon as a table opens up or if there was a cancellation. So we did that and went across the street and had a beer. Twenty minutes later I get the call that there was a cancellation and they had a table ready for us. The hostess was so sweet and nice, she went the extra mile you know. I wish I took her name. Just great customer service.Now to the food. So of course we started with the Flat bread Pizza which was delicious. So many flavors. The bacon complimented the cheese and nectarines perfectly. It was fresh and light. Great appetizer. But the show stopper of the night was the pork chop. Thanks to my fabulous yelpers, I ordered the best pork chop I EVER ate. Hands down. So moist. So tender. OMG I never knew pork could taste that good. My friend had the lamb which was cooked perfectly and also very tasty. But nothing could compare to this wonderful chop of pork. We finished the meal with a Burnt Honey Creme Brulee. Waddup creme brulee heaven!!! So smooth and so creamy. We were fighting for the last bite. I got it ;p It was the perfect way to end a great meal and a great night.
Went here with friends while we were in SF for the weekend. We had a 10:30 reservation and the place was packed until we left at about 12:30. Fun atmosphere with a nice mix of SF freaks. My husband and his friend had the burger and they were excellent. Medium rare, bacon, cheese- all the good stuff. I had the prok chop and it was superb. One of the better pork chops I have ever had. I also liked that they had virgin cocktails since I am pregnant and could not partake in their awesome drink menu. Overall a great spot- be sure to make a reservation to avoid the crazy huge crowd.
The wait at this place is ridiculous for a reason - it's good! I like the open flame cooked meats. Come rediscover pork chops! I dare ya.
I forgot why I stopped going to Nopa besides the long wait, so I stupidly went back tonight and now I know why:1. Overly salty food. The burger which everyone raves about tasted so salty I could hardly eat it. The salty blue cheese didn't help. I also ordered medium well and it came out medium rare. If I get E.coli it would not have been worth it! (The fries and roasted chicken were also too salty.) 2. The main dishes took 45 minutes to come out. No wonder the wait is long.The baked beans and warm goat cheese were okay. Service was good too. I just think this place is overrated. If you like really salty food or kidney failure, this place might be good for you.
The atmosphere is very nice, maybe a little loud but that's just like any other crowded restaurant in town.There is always a 1 hour wait-list but the staff is super-nice, and they will call you if you want to grab a drink somewhere else while waiting.The food is fancy but not as good as the price would suggest.The wine selection is not bad at all.
When I think of SF cuisine, the first place that comes to mind is NOPA. The food is amazing and the wine selection is superb. There is something on the list to compliment and accentuate every dish. One of my favorite dishes is the duck breast; it is truly, truly, savory.
Delicious brunch!! Tasty bloody marys! Make sure to make a reservation way in advance or be prepared to line up by 9:30 AM to place your name on the wait list. If you get there early enough they may seat you by 11am. Worth the wait!
Awesome food, service, and wine!
One of the best restaurant with pro staff. I highly recomended.
NOPA is a fine, fine restaurant. It's classy enough to handily pass for any occasion, but not at all stuffy. That goes for both the decor, which is mostly minimalist, and the two-story space, which is thrown open with the exception of a small balcony. We were fortunate to sit in the balcony, which offers a great view of the restaurant, including the kitchen, in which we could see everything being prepared.We started with a frisee salad with goat cheese, walnuts and figs. This was quite good, and came with a lot of goat cheese. The real stars of the meal were the main course. My girlfriend opted for the rotisserie chicken and I went with the pork chop. The chicken was cooked very well, juicy and tender, even the white breast meat and served with an avocado salad. It's always nice to see when a restaurant knows how to properly cook a bird so that it doesn't dry out. I won't say the pork chop was cooked to perfection because that's a completely empty term that wouldn't tell you anything about what it was actually like - what does perfect even mean in this case? It's not a perfect square or a well-fitting piece of clothing - and is a hallmark of bad food writing (see here for more: blogs.laweekly.com/squid), but I will say that unlike any other pork chops I have had, which are usually cooked until completely white and well-done, the chefs at NOPA know that you only need to cook pork to 150-155F to kill the parasite that causes trichinosis, which means that the pork chop comes out medium, pink, soft and incredibly moist - a nice feat for a block of meat about 2" in height - and is therefore a pleasure to eat. We finished off our meal with sopaipillas, little soft pockets of fried dough dusted with powdered sugar that were served with a honey sauce. Tear off one corner and pour as much syrup in as you like. The pastries were light and not oily - a very nice end to a great meal.The service was very well-informed and polite and prices aren't cheap but absolutely worth what you will pay for.If you come to NOPA you will not walk away disappointed.
I always go here for drinks and dessert ... mostly because I never remember to reserve a table in advance and of course it's virtually impossible to just show up and expect a table, unless it's really late at night. But the communal table is great. You can get food here as wel, if you want. But I usually end up sticking to just the drinks and the desserts.
I am pretty sure I have found my new favorite restaurant. Amazing food, yet totally unpretentious about it.We, being the fatasses we are, ordered six appetizers between four of us. My personal favorites were the flatbread, chicory salad, and the warm goat cheese. The flatbread had leeks - a general recipe for success. The chicory salad looked kind of like a bowl of kimchi, but tasted totally different and absolutely amazing. The warm goat cheese was SO GOOD - fluffy, creamy, perfect with the crostini bread.By the way, Kim is the best. Informative, friendly, and just overall superb service, plus she recommended us a digestif that actually helped us, well, DIGEST the appetizers to make room for the entrees......which exceeded even the huge hype I had built up in my head. The pork chop was most definitely my favorite pork chop of all time. Incidentally, it still tasted delicious the next day when I heated up the leftovers for lunch. Also incidentally, the best lunch I had for weeks. The burger, too, has got to be one of my favorite burgers of all time. Thick and juicy patty cooked to perfection. Definitely get the additional guyere in the burger...it kicks it up another notch.I am not eating dessert for the month of January, and I definitely kicked myself under the table when I saw the desserts my friends were eating. Needless to say, I am already penciling in another NOPA dinner in my calendar, if only to try their entire dessert menu.
NOPA is popular. Really popular. In fact, based on my visit it may be too popular. For you see, no matter how good your kitchen is in theory, in practice the food still has to get to the table before the patron succumbs to old age. Sunday night. The place is packed. I have a reservation and am seated on the balcony. After a while, a waiter approaches and we settle on the water. And I order. And wait. And wait. After about half an hour my appetizer arrives with apologies.A salad of chicories, pears, hazelnuts, balsamic and a blizzard of pantaleo cheese is OK. Not more than that. Some of the chicories are a bit wilted. The pears and hazelnuts are not abundant. In fact, I felt the best way to describe the salad was pedestrian. Next, I waited. And waited. And waited. More apologies. Nearly forty minutes. To fill in time I asked for bread but it only came after my meal was finished. Finally, my main course of pan seared rainbow trout, lentils, chanterelles, and onions made an appearance. This was a very good plate of food. The trout was crisped but moist within. The lentils, mushrooms and onions were a perfect foil for the fish. Shows what the kitchen can do. And the food arrived hot, so I assume the problem was not that I was seated in the balcony, not my server, but the kitchen was working overtime for an immense crowd. Maybe if I say something snotty here fewer people will patronize NOPA and then I can get my food in better time. Or maybe it was just an off night.
i love NOPA. The Touriga is the cheapest glass of red wine and is really quite good so I don't have to buy the most expensive glass to enjoy. The food is the way I love too, rustic, simple, local ingredients, sustainable, super fresh and im in love with the wood fire stove. Food is sorta medditeranean meets Italian meets California. The first time I went here I ordered this breadcrumb butter beans tomato sause appetizer thing and I thought, " yes its ok but reminds me of a slightly altered bean version of my moms eggplant parm...soooo" and then I ordered another one. Its so tasty and the fresh ingredients really linger on my pallette. I love the chevre cheesecake with roasted figs and some nut brittle pieces is to die for. The bartender's are really really nice. I don't love waiting 45 mins to sit at the bar but its worth it. The hummus is really yummy also. Mmm
After a nice hike at Land's End, Garland and I drove over to NOPA for dinner. For the longest time we couldn't decide on where to go. I just really wanted steak so we found a medium ground...kinda. Nopa, he suggested. Well, they didn't have steak but they did have a pork chop. I'm not going to lie but the thought of getting up and leave did crossed my mind. Their menu was small and nothing on it enticed me. I will admit though that I was wrong because some of the dishes we ordered was actually tasty!To start we ordered a bottle of chateau d'or et de gueules to open up our stomach. For appetizers:-Little fried fish served with aioli -Baked polentaMy favorite was the little fried fishes. Battered up lightly and deep fried to perfection. The sauce that came with it topped off the dish. The polenta was good but I could only eat so much of it before the rich flavor of cheese starts to kick into my appetite. For entrees:-Country Pork chop-Grass-fed hamburger w/ french friesYes, the pork chop did live up to its hype. I don't know how they do it but the pork chop was tender and juicy. The hamburger, we didn't care for much and for the fries, we've had better. Skipped out on dessert because we were too full. Boy, was it a heavy and rich dinner. One thing that's good about NOPA is that their menu changes frequently (per waitress). So I guess the next time I go back, I'll be facing a new tasting experience!
OK, the straight deal, this place still serves up amazing food and terrific friendly service, no 'foodie' attitude. Had the bean and cucumber salad - crisp, clean, perfectly dressed with just the right amount of acid/oilHot bean dish with bread crumbs - savory but still fresh flavorPork Chop - ridiculous... Also gotta love a server who has strong opinions about the food, and can describe in detail why... our review helps others learn about great local businesses.Please don't review this business if you received a freebie for writing this review, or if you're connected in any way to the owner or employees.
I love NOPA. I don't care if everyone else loves it too. Both dinner and brunch are strong here. However, their Custard French Toast for brunch is pretty much the best thing I have ever eaten. Period. It's last meal good.Their cocktails are also stellar. My favorites are the Blue Bottle Cocktail and their Ramos Gin Fizz.This place is always packed. So, unless you want to wait for a lonnnng time, I recommend making a reservation pretty far in advance (they take them for brunch too).
Make a reservation!!I came here w/o a reservation and was greeted by what I could only describe as a the ultimate hipster (stylish and condescending). At first I was kinda turned off with his attitude but he definitely made it up by finding a table for my friends and me. The food was delicious. I'd been hearing about how good this restaurant was from everyone and was dying to check it out. I must admit the restaurant it over-hyped, but that shouldn't subtract from the food itself, and the portions are plenty. My recommendation is the leg of lamb.
Update:Still love NOPA. Will always recommend to friends, tourists, enemies, etc. However, I did finally bring people there and discovered a nuance I couldn't verbalize before: the odd "disconnect" I always feel when I'm there.Again, the product, atmosphere, service...near perfect every time. This last time, however, I realized that there has been something missing that I long-for. Especially since I dine alone a lot, and if I DO bring friends, I want the whole experience. I WANT to interact with my server. I WANT to talk about food. And while it's perfectly appropriate, even mandatory to treat the whole dining room as one table, to run hot food, to help each other...when I can't remember who my server is, I feel shut-out of the process. I recently brought some French people to dinner, oddly enough after I met them during a show at the Independent. I was so excited to share this amazing place with them, and they loved it. After I left, though, I felt like it was we who were supposed blessed to have been there, instead of feeling like NOPA wanted US there. It's been that way pretty much every time I've visited. Not because they mean to, not at all. It's just an underlying vibe. A warmer, more sincere approach is maybe what I need. Especially when alone at the bar, where it's rough to socialize because each drink takes about five-minutes to assemble. I will return again and again. I will sing the praises of NOPA. I've been in the business most of my life and consider this top 5 in SF at that price-range and atmosphere.Just looking for a little more love.
Great food, good service. I won't belabor the good points (I think it's all here!) but stay away from the burger. Wow. It was surprisingly disappointing. Beef was too finely ground and packed together like a little hockey puck. Not good.
We had the Grass Fed Hamburger which was perfecto! The waitress noticed that we had been waiting for 10 minutes for our food, but she was very apologetic. She kept coming around to give us the status of our food. After we received our check, the waitress gave us a free dessert because she felt bad that we were waiting for our food. I commend NOPA for their excellent customer service! Though you need to make a reservation, it is worth the wait!
This review is not about the service, the decor, the ambiance, the wait, the parking , the anything.. not even about any other item on the menu but purely for the one dish at NOPA ....Pork chop!G E T  T H E  P O R K  C H O P ! ! ! ! need i say more?
I seem to always come to NOPA when the decision of where to dine is left up to poor little me. Why? Because the food at NOPA is consistently fresh and delicious AND the kitchen stays opened till 1am. However, there is also a reason for why it stays open so late. The wait to get a table can be up to 2 hours without reservations...so you may find yourself stumbling out of NOPA at 10pm drunk from waiting at the bar...PS: they have a pretty nice selection of reds and their Elderflower Gimlets are out of this world...
Came here for the first time on a late Wednesday night. Although it was a gloomy, rainy, and windy night in the city, I felt immediate warmth and tranquility when I entered through Nopa's doors.I adored the overall ambiance, everything from the high ceilings, lighting, and decor. We sat at the bar and was immediately greeted and helped by one of the bartenders. I ordered a pisco sour, a new drink I have gotten quite found of. It was so refreshing and made my mood even better after my first sip. I also ordered another cocktail but unfortunately forgot the name of due to my deteriorating memory.Nopa's menu is simple and very unique at the same time. We ordered the lil' gems salad, brussel sprouts, and rabbit. Usually salads don't make that huge of an impact, but the lil' gems was bursting with flavor, perfectly seasoned and dressed, I have always been afraid of brussel sprouts due to their not so popular reputation but let me tell you, I am a new converted fan. These brussel sprouts were amazing and they weren't even fried. Lastly the rabbit was so tender and delicious although the thought of cute bunnies were on my mind the whole time.Nopa was unforgettable, I will definitely be back.
I came here over a month ago while in town for a few days and I can't stop thinking about how it was one of the best brunches I've ever had. It's taken brunch to the next level for me. I usually don't like that a restaurant will charge for grilled bread... but I was very curious that they would here, so I gave it a try.  I'm so glad I did. Perfectly grilled bread with soft butter and fig jam... yes thank you! My husband is a fan of french toast. I've never craved french toast before, and after trying his 'custard french toast with fuji apples and maple butter'... I was in love. The burger (which I ordered), was one of the best burgers I've ever had. Maybe we got lucky... maybe it was just a good day for the chef... or maybe everything was just as delicious as I remembered. All I know is that the next time I'm in SF, I will be making a pit stop here again.
Visited NOPA for the last time. Yesterday evening my wife and I visited NOPA for a late dinner after going to the theater. We had reserved table in advance and we were seated immediately after we arrived but they are so busy getting people finished and out again that they moved my appetizer into the middle of the table while I was eating it to be able to serve me the main course. From when we arrived at the front door, were seated, ordered our 2 course menu + something to drink and until they served our main course it took only 25 minutes.I would give their food 4 stars but the way they treat their customers is worse than Burger King! I really hate to be rushed while I eat my dinner.
I don't quite understand the hype about this restaurant. The service was so slow, we had reservations at 6:15 and didn't get our entrees until close to 8pm. They gave us some free french fries due to the long wait. The appetizers were great, however the entrees were just meh. With the exception of the pork chop, which was excellent. Food and experience was just okay. Probably would not return.
The atmosphere is good, and great service. We went there for brunch, and the food was great too -- I really liked the sausage, and grilled bread. The burger and bloody mary were good too. Will be back for dinner.
During a week long jaunt to this beautiful city specifically to eat good food, this was hands down my favorite restaurant. First, the atmosphere is beautiful. Location is easy to find and central and the food is phenomenal. We had a variety of meat, vegetarian and vegan dishes delivered to our tables. All were melt-in-yo-mouth AMAZING. The Wu Tank inspired cocktails were delicious and service was top notch! Make reservations, even on week nights, this place fills in fast!
I have dined at Nopa for dinner and brunch and I have to say its become ok to me. The burger was the best at dinner the first time, the second and third time left me unimpressed. I had to send it back twice because they didn't cook it the way I had wanted. It is usually busy even with a reservation we had to wait 30 minutes or so for a table. The good thing is that there is a Birite next door for ice cream! I probably would not go back anytime soon.
5 stars:-Best porkchop I've ever had in my life. I never knew you can pick how rare you want your porkchop - no one has ever asked. Maybe that's why I've usually come across the problem of porkchops being too dry. When the server asked, of course I told him how I wanted it like how I like my steak: medium-rare. You have to get a little bit of everything in one bite- a little piece of apple, some sauce, a walnut, thick cut of pork- it's like "Ratatouille" when Remy eats a piece of fruit and cheese together: flavor explosion chemistry in your mouth.-Wilted Chicories, House Smoked Bacon, Poached Farm Egg and Sherry Onions. Reminiscent of a frisee and lardon salad. Simple but brilliant.4 stars:-The corn. How can you go wrong with anything covered in butter?2 stars:-The burger. Really? It was good but "I've experienced better."-Grilled Broccoli, Lemon, Anchovy and Breadcrumbs. Nothing special.Overall: Willing to come back again for that porkchop and salad and to try the other dishes. The server said the menu changes regularly.Good idea: Great place to come on a date or grab dinner with a small group of friends. Bring a wad of cash or be prepared to swipe your credit card because it ain't cheap! Go all out - try as many dishes as your stomach can hold.Bad idea: Coming here without reservations. I came here once on an impromptu visit and the host told our group the wait would be at least 2 hours.
Minus the god awful host and hostesses who only seem to want to seat you after you've found a bar seat, this place is pretty cool. And by cool, I mean the food is delicious. I have actually never felt so unwelcomed by multiple front of house staff members before and if it wasn't for the rad bartenders, yummy drinks, and bomb food I probably wouldn't be back. If you are going to be the first person someone sees as they enter a restaurant, slap a smile on. I know you're getting tipped out at the end of the night so put a little effort into it. Figure it out. I'm basing my rating off of the positives rather than the negatives...Anyways, the bartenders always take care of me when I finally do sit down. They're on top of their game regardless of how busy it is. The wine list is AWESOME. The vegetable tangine is perfectly porportioned and flavorful. The brussel sprouts are deadly delicious and the beignets are just naughty. I suppose I'd reccommend a reservation to avoid the long wait and stare downs with the hosts.
Its one of those places where you better be ready to wait to eat. Dont know if they take reservations or just walk ins. The food was all good from starters to mains to dessert. I would come back on a romantic date or anniversary, The food is pricy but i think it was worth it. Give it a try!
I had the nine hour bolognese, and my gosh, it is not often I am impressed by tomato sauce, or tomatos in general, but by god, this sauce was delicious, the atmosphere was fun and lively, yet we could still hear each other, and the drinks were simply fantastic.
Best dinner I've experienced in a while. Great atmosphere and we were lucky enough to get a table upstairs overlooking the entire place, including the kitchen, which is wide open for all to admire. Started off with the flatbread and it was pretty good. The entree I chose was the duck breast, which was sensational. Cooked down absolutely perfectly and very tasty with the roasted sauce and potato for a little starchy substance. Ended the meal with the sopapillas, which were ridiculous. Highly recommend NOPA and I'll certainly be back for more. We used open table and were seated right on time, even with a packed floor. I would suggest anyone looking to dine here check their updated menu. It's definitely not what is listed on yelp...I'm not even sure if the NOPA website is correct, since the menu we saw last night is not what is online right now.
Make a reservation so you don't end up showing up like a chupa chump and being told the wait will be 2 hours so you end up going to have pre-dinner at the greek place nextdoor and being fed way too much alcohol so that by the time you get back to Nopa you're nice and toasty and enjoy every bite of the meal cuz you're basically now having drunk food. On second thought, don't make a reservation!
This is my favorite restaurant in the city. It has one of the best restaurant/loungey atmospheres in any neighborhood. The wine, the food - absolutely incredible. The service has always been great as well.
I loved this restaurant! The only complaint I had was that we had to wait about an hour for our table since we did not have a reservation. The fact that they are willing to take down your phone number and text you when your table is ready made waiting that long more worthwhile. There are several bars in the area, so my friends and I headed to one to catch up, have a few drinks, and wait for our table to be ready. This restaurant does take reservations, but apparently you have to make them about a month ahead of time. Fine dining in SF is hard to come by! I ordered the salmon which was perfectly seasoned and cooked just right. My friend ordered the burger and fries and her boyfriend had the pork chop. This pork chop is the talk of the town and was recommended to us by our waiter. Our waiter was very friendly and seemed to care about us having a great first time experience. I can definitely see why this place is so trendy and constantly busy; the ambience was wonderful for dinner and the food was equally as satisfying. I will definitely come back here again.
Five. Yes. I gave it five (5) stars. I would add an extra star for having an awesome date too, but yelp's limit to five stars sets me back.The bartender was patient while we chatted away with our drinks at the bar, moving the tab over to our table. We ordered the sausage flat bread for the first bite, and I had the pork chop. Oh my belly achin' goodness, that pork chop ate like the best medium rare steak I've ever had. I'm a big follower of pork belly, and the fat on that chunk of meat totally brought back memories of my first orgasmic taste. I was floating around the clouds for a while until I realized I was still chewing.
If NOPA isn't already on your "favorite" or your "must try" list, then shame on you because it deserves to be tops!What great balance! An unpretentious ambiance and a stylish crowd, a large space not lacking any personal attention, a lively hubub-filled downstairs and a vip-esque upstairs dining area overlooking such a simple yet beautiful space. Most impressively, it's all about FABULOUS FOOD at NOPA. Flatbreads, salads, goat cheese, and a most complex and tasty tagine--veggie style of course--all made it onto my plate, into my mouth, into my tummy, into my heart ;) Did I say I was in veggie heaven? Even the amuse bouche was amazing! The menu changes nightly so you can go back and back and back and never feel like it's groundhogs day. Gotta get down to a couple of orders of business with some minor critiquing though :( First, they can certainly kick it up with the cocktails. The caipirinha was mediocre at best--not a good introduction from the bartender. Maybe muddled isn't their thing, but if it's not, then get with the program because San Francisco's all about it.Second, the dessert. Where can I start with that...We had the pecan tart with whiskey smoked ice cream. Loved the tart which was seasonal and delish. But ice cream and smoke?...NOT A GOOD COMBO.  With all that said, we still arrive at five stars. *****JOB WELL DONE******
I've had my fair share of memorable meals in SF but NOPA has become my staple. Every part of the experience contributes to why this is one, if not the best place to dine in the city. Casual upscale atmosphere, unbeatable food and attentive but not over the top, at your table every 5 seconds service. What more could you ask for? Things you can't miss: grilled bread, flat bread, burger and fries, pork chop and sopapillas. Nothing on this menu will disappoint and if you're lucky enough to land a reservation prepare for an unforgettable meal.
I had very high expectations for NOPA after having bookmarked it YEARS ago and reading the never-ending rave reviews. The minimal dcor combined with high ceilings and large windows made the space feel bigger than it was, which was very much appreciated given the large herd of people hanging at the bar waiting for a table. Their use of space helped make the atmosphere feel lively but not crowded even though it was packed on a rainy Saturday night. For starters, we had a bowl of their cauliflower and mushroom soup along with a side of french fries with aioli. For entrees, I went with the legendary pork chop while the boyfriend had the duck with wild rice. I was pleasantly surprised that the pork chop was not dry and tough like at most other restaurants. It was seasoned well but some parts were not as tender as I would have liked. Everything else we ordered was good, but none of our dishes had that "WOW" factor I was expecting. The sides that came with our entrees were predictable and underwhelming. Hoping dessert would up my 3 star rating, we went with our server's recommendation of the blood orange upside-down cake with ice cream. When it arrived at our table, we were devastated to see only a spoonful of ice cream served with the cake. It was worse to find out the cake was on the dry side and was impossible to eat without the ice cream. When asked if we enjoyed it, we commented on how it was a tad dry and our server immediately apologized and took it off our bill. Even though it wasn't intended as a complaint, we were pleased by her actions to make things right. Sadly, the food is only a solid 3-3.5 stars due to the lack of innovation and originality.
Still my favorite restaurant in SF. If there is anyone who does veggies better, please let me know.
Very trendy ambiance with high ceilings and the loft-y feel. Great service. But too much hype.The food was good, but certainly not as amazing as we had expected, considering the anticipation from making the brunch reservation 2 weeks in advance.We had: - Raspberry scone with creme fraiche - crumbly and warm with lots of fruit - Custard french toast - we were actually not impressed. We got the full serving (2 pieces for $14), and we weren't able to finish it. I actually much prefer the french toast at Kitchen Story. - Grass-fed burger - delicious and juicy! Highly recommended.
I'm in love with this place. The food is delicious and the ambience is perfect.I've been here twice - once for dinner and another time for brunch. Dinner:Linguini with lobsters - 5 stars. It was the perfect amount of sauce (not too creamy, but more of a virgin oil base) and it was house made, and perfectly cooked. The lobsters were delicious and an excellent touch to the pasta dish. It's been months since I had this pasta, but still think about it and even tried to order a seemingly similar dish at another restaurant this weekend (not the same).Rotisserie Chicken - 4 stars. This is what the date had - it was really great to see the the chicken being cooked right in front of our eyes. It smelled and looked delicious. The sauce was delicious. one less star as the chicken itself was on the drier side.Brunch: Soft Scrambled Eggs - $13, nicely done. Custard French Toast -($7 for one, $14 for two)- 4 starsone more dish, i think it was the oven baked farm egg- although can't rememberOverall great brunch place! The famous custard french toast was unique. We only ordered one, and ate this as a "dessert" after our two brunch entrees. It was very very sweet. If you like sweet breakfast, this is for you. (Note - their menus change frequently, so what I refer to here may not be on the same menu you're looking at)Ambience: It's beautiful, cozy, and romantic. There's an area for community table (which is like a "first come first serve" and still order everything off the menu. There's a bar if you want to grab a drink first.It's a two storied restaurants, and the kitchen is "open" where if you're sitting on the second level- you can basically see everything is happening down below. This is also a bit of the negative- particularly one specific corner upstairs where I felt like if I were to accidentally drop anything, it would fall somewhere in the kitchen.....still, it's a great restaurant with yummy delicious foods. reservations highly recommended.
I've eaten at a lot of amazing, blow-me-away restaurants, but unfortunately, this is not one of them. And I had such high hopes since I had read such great things about Nopa and had been wanting to eat here for the longest time but couldn't since I moved away. I came for my good friend's birthday, but since it was around the holidays and I knew I had been eating too much red meat, I decided against the much raved about pork chop and instead got the house-made linguine with clams. While the linguine texture was perfectly al dente and the clams were fresh, there was nothing unique about the dish. It just seemed.. ordinary. I had a bite of my friend's pork chop, and while it was flavorful and rich, it was on the salty side. That is NOT good. Oversalted meat is the worst. We got the sopapillas for dessert, which are Mexican donut-like pillows that are deep-fried. You break off a corner of the 'pillow' and fill it with a buttery, honey caramel-like sauce and eat it. These were tasty as our party all agreed, but again, it wasn't really enough to blow me away. The service is incredibly slow. We probably waited over an hour for our entries to arrive at the table. The acoustics of the restaurant also aren't that great - we had to nearly yell to hear each other during conversation. I do like the open kitchen, though, even if they are slower than I'd think they should be to get food to our tables.
We had an awesome meal here and the cherry on the top was that we got the best parking spot ever.The portions were impressive for being haute cuisine. For $5 you get a ton of olives, I don't think you could get that many olives at Trader Joes. Service was professional and knowledgeable, if not overly warm.To start we had the avocado salad, goat cheese bruscheta, warmed olives, and fried onions, which was a bit much for 4 people. They also gave us a free cheesey bruschetta that was delicious. The avocado salad and goat cheese bruscheta were the winners here. The avocado salad had an excellent balance of tangy elements (citrus and vinaigrette) as well as delicious fried legumes (mini chick peas?). The goat cheese dish was a nice mellow spread that came with some fried pieces of bread. It also came with an accompanying salad that contained some delicious beets. It was a huge portion for an appetizer! The fried onion greens were a little stringy and the harissa sauce was very mild, just not that exciting to me, though others at the table liked it more.  For the main course we had the cannelloni, pork chop, squab, and vegetable tagine. The seasoning and execution was impressive for all these dishes. The pork and squab had crisped outer parts while were tender and succulent inside. Some of the best cooked protein I've had. The cannelloni was interesting as it had an unusual minty sauce. The tagine and squab made excellent use of nuts for flavor and crunch. I thought the pork chops were the winner, though all our plates were clean at the end of the meal.Both sopapilla and smoked chocolate pot de creme were outstanding and a fitting ending to a delicious meal. I think I would be a little bored if I just got a sopapilla but it fit really well with the pot de creme. In fact getting these deserts together and interchanging sauces between probably made these even better.
Does the A in NOPA stand for "aioli"? I think that only seems appropriate since 3 out of the 4 dishes had aioli. What? NOPA means "North of the Panhandle"? That doesn't seem right since there were plenty of homeless panhandlers in the area. Aren't the panhandlers supposed to be IN the panhandle - not north of it?They started us with a cherry amuse with lemon aioli and salt. It's just a Bing cherry. Not the most inventive thing, but it was still a good cherry.The little fried fish came with dill and, you guessed it, aioli. The fish was very good and needed the aioli because it contributed like a tartar sauce. This was the best dish we tried mainly because of the bits of cornmeal in the fry crust.The fresh pappardelle was the opposite. With mild elements like English peas and mint, the tasso spiced ham ripped through the mild dish like an explosion. Yeah, I understand that this was done to create contrast, but the mild peas against the tasso heat fought each other rather than enhanced.The burger was simple with only meat, bun, pickled onions, and two small pieces of lettuce. I like that they let the meat become the star, but I also like melding flavors. I should have known there wouldn't be any melding when the waiter asked if I wanted cheddar, gruyere, or bleu cheese on the burger. Clearly, the chef didn't design a burger with a cohesive flavor profile if the diner picks the ingredients. I'm further bothered when I'm charged an extra $1.50 for the cheese and that's not noted on the menu. The waiter also offered bacon which I'm glad I declined.The burger came with large fries which were basic and an aioli (yeah, more aioli) that was overpowered with basil. It's unfortunate that they can't make better use of their wonderfully mild pickled onions. I enjoyed eating them straight, but their delicate flavors were lost in the burger. The meat was nice and I appreciate they use high-grade cuts, but that often has a downside. It's the dirty nasty cuts of beef that make a meat patty taste beefy. So their clean-tasting burger lacked a deep beef flavor even though it was a meaty-textured patty. Perhaps this is also an attribute their beef coming from grass-fed cows?I tried two cocktails. The "Paradis" with amagnac, cardamano, and lillet blanc and the "Quintessential" with gin, gran classico, and lemon peel. The main ingredient in both were overtaken by the bitters which produced drinks that were too astringent. It's not really an error for those who love vermouth, but this style of drink-making that goes against my particular palate.
So I don't go out to eat that much but I had heard so many great things about nopa that I finally had to check it out. My friend and I walked in without a reservation on a Monday around 7:30. They put us on the waiting list and said it'd be about an hour. Totally understandable being such a popular place. We grabbed a drink down the street to kill some time and checked back about 40 minutes later. Before we could even check with them a different girl came right to us and said, "Adrian(my boyfriend), it'll be about 15 more minutes and you can give us your cell number and we'll call you when your table's ready. Or you can grab a drink at the bar." Impressed with services already at this point...We went to the bar and though it was filled with people the bartenteder handed us menus immediately and found us an open spot. Drinks were very good! We sat about 5 minutes later and our waitress, Jenny, was the final selling point of this amazing experience. I never know what to order in fancy places and she broke it down so well. We never had to wait for anything. Her suggestions were perfect. The food was great! I'd imagine working in such a busy place one might get stressed out or overwhelmed but Jenny was comfortable, calm, helpful and ON IT! In fact the entire staff was. Look forward to going again!
It's Sunday night and the crew is hitting the town. Me, my brother-in-law, sister-in-law's fiancee and my 5 year old son. The boys are going to do it up tonight starting at NOPA! We head straight to the bar and my son asks for a milk - neat. Nice choice! This place makes the best milk cocktail ever... straight up and neat is how we roll.The apps are fab as usual. The flat bread pizza is full of flavor and the breaded small fish is pretty tasty with our drinks.My son asks for bread and butter. They got that too.Our entrees are good. Pork chops, halibut and I get the duck. My son did not like his noodles with butter and cheese. He say's "it has too much cheese." I want mama's mac and cheese.For the next hour, he tells me he wants to go home. He went too strong and early on the milk. He looks woozy and is about to pass out.By 7:30PM, our night out with the boys is over. My son is in bed and snoring away...Lesson: Leave the 5 year old at home. He is not a fan of boys night out at this age. He prefers hanging at home eating mac and cheese.
I don't get over to the panhandle much so was shocked to see such a vibrant late night eating crowd! Every dish tries to leverage the simplicity of fresh and locally sourced ingredients, banking on the pairing to carry the dish to stardom. It works in some instances (calamari, flatbread, pork chop), but falls flat elsewhere on dishes that beg for more pizazz.Tomato-Bread Soup & Parmesan: It felt more like a chunky marinara than a soup. The bread was in the form of garlicky croutons which had a pleasurable texture contrast of a soggy outside and true-to-form crispness inside. They were definitely too miserly on the parmesan and it seemed more like powder from a canister rather than freshly grated.Wood Fired Calamari, Smoked Tomato, Chickpeas and Grilled Bread: Loved the smoky flavor that was absorbed so well by the non-breaded calamari. The contrast of fresh chick peas and deep fried spicy chickpeas made a fun co-star. The tomato base was a tad lackluster. Flatbread of House Smoked Bacon, Melted Leeks and Gruyre: You had me at bacon! The leeks are often under appreciated, but gave a good kick without being overpowering. The bread base was crispy and fresh. I did miss that there was no tomato sauce, but thankfully had ample chunks leftover from my soup.Country Pork Chop, Sweet Potatoes, Brussels Sprouts and Mustard Seed Vinaigrette : This must have came from some big pig because it was huge! I enjoyed the vinegar glaze, but couldn't taste the promised mustard seed. The yams were a tad boring, just roasted with the skin on. I liked the crispy outer shell of the braised brussels sprouts and especially appreciated their choice of smaller ones which aren't as a bitter.Roast Rabbit Loin, Thumbelina Carrots, Toasted Barely and Lacinato Kale: Most rabbit I've had has been in the form of slow cooked stew, so I enjoyed a leaner loin cut. The white meat was tender, but lacked a strong flavor so could have used a strong glaze or marinade. The toasted barley was semi-creamy and a much more exciting starch than overplayed rice. The kale was heavy on the oil or butter so it was tastier than kale I normally know. The carrots were ok, but seemed like a tease to the poor rabbit we were eating!Ginger Molasses Cake, Spiced Poached Quince and Oloroso Crme Anglaise: I thought Oloroso was that chick from The Apprentice, but according to Wikipedia it is a sherry. The cake was a bit dry, but I enjoyed the heavy molasses flavor. The quince was nice, but I learned that I prefer paste over poached. Not enough crme was provided to compensate for the dry cake.
There's nothing even remotely mediocre on their menu. I make the drive from Santa Clara to SF just to eat here. So good, and the pear/goat cheese appetizer is to die for!
It's a fluke how I ended up at Nopa on Tuesday night. My friend and I originally had plans to have dinner at Poleng lounge that night. I'm very apprehensive when it comes to driving in the city, even more so when I'm driving my 4 door sedan rather than my commuter car (civic hatch), so I made a beeline to the paid parking lot across from Poleng. Relieved that I actually made it in one piece, I crossed the street only to find out Poleng was closed to a private party....we had to think of plan B. I call it fate, cuz the night turned out perfect....I convinced my friend to pick me up (so I wont have to drive and look for parking with raised arm hairs) and think of a restaurant close by . When I got into his car, he was calling Nopa to see if they can take us and they could in 10 minutes. Yay!Wow, what a cool place! High celings, a second floor, huge sprawling bar area. This place is cool. I don't know how explain it. We were seated pretty quickly and since we were both ranting/venting we both needed a drink. Ketel and cran for me, Ketel and tonic for him. My friend suggested the little fried fish and french fries with aoili. YUM!!! FRIES were DELISH!! And Gosh, what a generous portion!! I have to take my bf there cuz we are such Fry lovahs. I was a bit skeptical to try the fried fish at first but I tried them and they were so good! Yum!! (Thanks cdub introducing me to little fried fish)My entree was the rotisserie chicken - it was very good. He had the canneloni, I tried a bite - it was delish as well. I have to go back and try the pork chop!Dessert was devine - we shared the chocolate pot de creme and I had a cup coffee (ooooh! I haven't had such a good cup of coffee in a long time).Kelly was our server and she was wonderful!!! I am a fan and I'm coming back. Now I know where to go in the city even late at night, since they are open late 7 days a week. Sweeeet!
I came here last weekend for brunch expecting to be underwhelmed, but I was kind of blown away.They told us we'd have to wait for 45 minutes to an hour. 20 minutes later, we were seated. That's always a good start!I had the grapefruit cocktail, which was pleasantly tangy and not too strong.The butter basted farm egg was delicious. I loved the texture of the butter beans with the cabbage and soft tomato. It was not what I was expecting, and it was so so good. My boyfriend had the burger, and I don't think I've ever had a better one. The pickled onions added a sweetness and a crunch, and the meat was juicy and perfectly medium rare. The fries were perfect, and the meyer lemon aioli was a perfect compliment. We were sitting right next to the kitchen, and I was totally mezmerized. They obviously run a right ship, and it was really neat to see how everything was prepared. A couple of the chefs made small talk with us, which was fun.I love when a place proves that it deserves all the hype. I will be back.
Excellent spot for brunch. Not sure how I nabbed an 11pm reso for 7 last minute, but it worked. Since I was the hungriest person at out table, I started with the smoked rainbow trout. The best part was the watermelon radish. For my brunch entree, I had the soft scramble for $13. It came with smoked ham, potatoes and roasted cipollinis. They really were some of the "softest" scrambled eggs I've ever tasted...so they were very appropriately named. I had almost a 1/4 plate of the french toast as well. Stellar. It was slightly crunchy on the outside, moist and chewy on the inside. This place also has some of the better coffee I've had at a restaurant. I wish I would have asked for the brand.
This was just a pure and amazing experience
We had high expectations for nopa and it certainly delivered. We had a reservation and were seated promptly on the upper level. It was quieter up there and you could peer into the kitchen below, which was pretty fun. Our server had excellent wine recommendations, and the food was fantastic. The warm goat cheese is so creamy and delicious, and the seafood soup starter was excellent. The real stars were the mains - the pappardelle and pork chop were as good as promised. The pork chop was so flavorful, it was almost like eating bacon, except it was tender and moist. The pasta was rich and savory. We finished with chocolate mousse, which was decadent and creamy. Parking in the DMV lot was easy and plentiful, so if you can't find street parking just head there. We can't wait to try their brunch next!
Had dinner at NOPA last night and it was awesome! Great service and a really nice, modern atmosphere. I sat in the loft area which was fun for people watching and the bar looked like a good spot too. The wine by the glass list is on the smaller side. Everything we ordered was amazing:- carrot salad with blue cheese dressing - flat bread with bacon, fotina and sweet potato (ah-may-zing)- rotisserie chicken- burger, the old fashioned fries are really yummyThe portions are a good size, especially for the price. Can't wait to come back and try more dishes!!
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! Perfect San Francisco cuisine I was looking for! The meat is really fresh you can tell, cocktails are the best! They even have a Blue Bottle Coffee martini which is really awesome! You can see the chef making your food. Servings are huge for 1 person! Worth the price! Definitely coming back again and again and bring friends from the East Coast here whenever they visit SF!
Chic atmosphere - everyone who's anyone dines at NOPA (in fact, I saw Bill Cosby there two weeks ago).Delicious appetizers and entrees - King Salmon was fantastic! I can't remember the names of the appetizers, but one was similar to a pizza and had bacon on it and the other was yogurt salad - HIGHLY recommend both!Opa for NOPA!
The food here was pretty bad when we went last Saturday, but the experience was still 4 star worthy.We've always wanted to try Nopa, after seeing the flat bread on The Best Thing I Ever Ate. So what more perfect reason than during our anniversary staycation in SF?We booked our reservation a month out and had the choice of 6pm dining or 9:45pm. We decided to go with the later reservation, but ended up not being able to hold out, so we snacked beforehand. When we got there, they gave us an awesome table upstairs, against the rail. It seemed like everyone there knew it was our anniversary, and kept wishing us wonderful things all night. On to the food...we quicky ordered the flat bread, and decided on sharing the duck over risotto. The flat bread came out and the flavor was great...but the bread was so mushy. Not the best texture I'd imagine. Next came the risotto duck. First bite and the duck skin was nice and crispy, while the duck was quite juicy. Then on to the risotto...which was cold and uncooked. :( It was so bad that my husband had to send it back. When the dish came back out, the risotto was hot...but still uncooked. No creamy texure...you could actually taste the hardness in each grain. By now, the crispy was also gone from our duck. This dish was an epic fail.As we were there to enjoy our dinner together, we didn't try to focus as hard on the food. Much to our surprise, our wonderful waiter took the dish off for us! Awesome! That, paired along with ice cream and a celebration candle for us to blow out and wish many more years of happiness together....we completely forgot about the sub par food. Goes to show how important great service is. It can take a 2 star review, up to a 4 star review. Thanks Emmanuel....because of you, we left Nopa with a happy heart.
After a show in the city, we were hungry and looked for a place near where we were for food, drove in circles for 20 min with no parking to be found, decided to look for a late night option outside the neighborhood we were in and came across reviews for NOPA. I am still astounded such extravagant, delicious food could be available at a late hour. I loved everything we got, my mouth is watering just to think of it. The waitstaff was helpful and friendly despite it being very hectic and close to closing, after such a delirious and exhausting search for a place to eat I could not believe what an amazing place we were able to find, I cannot wait to return!
I like Nopa. Very cool and unique food. The stew was tasty. Service was great. Waitress was helpful and kind. Only disclaimer: place was crowded and noisy.
Very good pork chop and flat bread appetizer.Small glasses of ice tea with NO REFILL. Lame.Crowded and noisy. Don't go for romance.It feels like a scene.Like a high school party that your not invited to.Overall tasty but there are so many other quality restaurants to try out with better ambiance for the money.
So this is where the cool kids hang out. Ridiculously loud and packed past 11pm on a thursday night; food is delicious, but being seated above the kitchen next to the railing on the second floor had me and my friend slightly "glowing" throughout dinner. Burger was great, but I think a little over-hyped. I would definitely come back to try something else. I've come here three times sans reservations and left because of the seating situation. The one time I make a reservation, my friend and I get a great spot at the community table with no problem. Ha.
Everyone knows that NOPA has great food and drinks, but what keeps me coming back over and over is the amazing service. Our server Jenn was fantastic. She knows the menu, wines and cocktails so well and she describes them so wonderful you just want to try everything. My friend and I went for cocktail recently, we ended up having the warm goat cheese appetizer and desserts. We asked Jenn to choose two dessert and drinks for us. She chose Dark Chocolate Ganache Tart and Vanilla Bean Pot de Crme. They were perfectly decadent. She then chose a sparkling rose wine and a whisky cocktail for us. They were perfect. We would have never chosen them then, but we will the next time. A restaurant is as good as its service and because of Jennifer we wil keep returning.
Came here Sat night and ate at the bar with some friends. While every time I come here I'm always blown away by the great experience, wwhat strikes me as even more impressive is how consistent that experience is. Even the best restaurants have an occasional off night, but I have yet to experience that at Nopa. This speaks highly of everyone from the management all the way down to the line cooks and waiters. One thing of note, if you're a fan of smokey mezcals, try their Mexican Standoff cocktail. That combined with the "World's Best Pork Chop" will make for a perfect evening.
I've been trying to put my Nopa brunch experience in perspective since eating there yesterday. In this day and age we tend to be creatures of the moment - the last good meal is always the best if for no other reason than it was the most recent, making it the most vivid in memory. I was a bit worried after reading many of the reviews and blog posts that the brunch might be overhyped and I'd be poised for a letdown. To my utter and delightful dismay it was just the opposite: You cannot hype the brunch at Nopa enough nor can you fully describe its overwhelmingly wondrous greatness to anyone that hasn't experienced it. Trying to would merely be an exercise in futility as words do not exist that can do it justice. Sweet Currant Brioche - Nothing that special here; also the first plate that was brought out. Started slow, wasn't impressed but how ofter do you eat a brioche that you are blown away by? In my opinion it's not work the $4 or the calories at a place like this with so many amazing alternatives. Walnut Rosemary Scone - Read my review of the brioche above, I feel exactly the same way about the scone. These two plates are just killing time and not worth the money or calories in my opinion. House Smoked Bacon - Good, but nothing terribly special. The bacon at Mission Beach Cafe is superior in every way. *At this point I was beginning to get a bit skeptical, but the heavy hitters and the heart of the lineup were still on deck. It still had the potential to be the '27 Yankees or the '13 Houston Astros. Oven Baked Farm Egg - Game on Wayne's World style. What a unique and astronomically fantastic dish. From the first bite I began to realize why this place not only had superior and unparalleled reviews, but why people would wait hours just to be seated. The tomato and egg complimented each other so incredibly well with admirable assistance from the cauliflower cream and garlic toast. This dish is delightful and worth every single calorie in terms of quality, presentation, and unprecedented flavors. Custard French Toast - I was most excited for the French Toast given its reputation yet I figured if any dish would be a letdown, this would be it. Like a scone or a brioche, how often do you eat French Toast that is such an immaculate experience you rave about it to anyone that will listen? Steak...yes, I get it. French Toast? Not so much. However, the plate arrived and if we really do eat with our eyes - I was already infatuated. The first bite was like a magic carpet ride of delight and wonder that cannot fully be described. I took a breath, had a sip of my mimosa and went for confirmation with bite number two. What I found was not a piece of French Toast but that of a religious experience and I am now a believer. Prepare to kiss the creator: Despite being drenched in butter, strawberries, and syrup the bread was never too soggy and remained just the right texture of soft. The initial flavors of cinnamon, vanilla, and nutmeg will mesmerize you until you are overcome with joy as the sugary sweetness of the syrup follows through lasting just long enough to make you want more before the tartness of the strawberries kicks in like a windmill powerhouse dunk to finish off the roller coaster ride of flavors all complimented by a continuous rich and creamy buttery flavor that never lets up. Now a cautionary tale: Many of the reviews suggest only having one piece to share and I cannot stress this enough - do not succumb to the intoxicating flavors of the French Toast by ordering another plate. Although it will feel like a few more minutes basking in the heavenly grace of god, you will be in a food coma later. I now speak from experience :)Goat Cheese Bread Pudding - This dish arrived after the French Toast therefore I feel I was unprepared for an unbiased review and as a result I didn't find this dish to be as good as many reviews suggest. Although I thought it was very good and on par with the other "main" plates I tried - it was too late. I had already gone to and come back from the heavenly depths of my French Toast binge and I just could not recover. Service - The hostess was outstanding and seated us immediately despite being 15 min for our 2pm reservation. I spoke to her again on the way out and she was above and beyond in her pleasantries, attitude, and customer service. The waiter was good but tended to be a little slow with our drink orders. Our first two plates arrived before our drinks. Also, despite ordering immediately the bread putting took nearly 1.5 hours to arrive at our table. I had ordered, received, and eaten a 2nd piece of French Toast in that time. I suppose there has to be some drawbacks, but at the same time nothing that would detract me from providing this place with all 5 stars. Overall, you haven't lived until you have eaten brunch at Nopa and if you have - like me you probably want to put in a recurring reservation. Like an '82 Margaux, this brunch will make you believe in god.
Just came back from a great meal from NOPA, I have been anxious to try NOPA for a couple of months after many of my colleagues said how great this place was.When we arrived at 7.00, we got a seat upstairs where we could watch all the action (cooks preparing meals by the grill and all the great looking people eating). A great vibe and hip atmosphere.We began the meal by having their flatbread with sausage and vegatable soup.  The flatbread was awesome....great tasting sausage with just the right amount of cheese. The soup was filled with bok choy, potatoes and other veggies.....very filling w/ wonderful distinct veggie flavors.For dinner, we had the grass fed burgers w/bacon, chedder cheese and pickled onions. Each bite was soooo good....U can taste the meat, bacon and cheese w/ each chew. Not as good as the 41.00 kobe beef burger, but for 13.00.....a super value for a great tasting burger.Alot of meat and cheese and very little bread.For desert we had the donuts dipped in caramel sauce....an excellent desert to satisy my sweet tooth...it came out warm, soft and super sweet with powdered suger and caramel sauce.A GREAT MEAL WITH REASONABLE PRICES, PLUS COOL, BEAUTIFUL PEOPLE TO WATCH!
Superlative experience from start to finish, perhaps enhanced by the fact I had not had a meaty full meal in a couple of weeks. The smoked porkchop, thick and juicy, melted in my mouth. Side of sugar snap peas contributed a fun sweet crunch.The ricotta cheesecake with cherries was good but I wouldn't return for it, nor for the bib lettuce salad with whole almonds and feta. Reminded me of the kind of thing I snack on for lunch every day but maybe if you don't, it would be a treat :)Excellent wait service, $20 corkage fee seems kinda high. Great energy and the white noise left my ears ringing in bed like I'd been at a music show although it was pleasant at the time.
My friends and I came here for drinks at night and then brunch the next morning. Nopa has some of the best cocktails I've had in the city. I tried the Sunshine Fix and the Grapefruit Cocktail-both were excellent. At their weekend brunch I ordered the soft scrambled eggs, filled with cheese and ham. Super good. My friend and I split a french press filled with Blue Bottle coffee, which was delicious and well worth the money.Service was great. Definitely will come back to try dinner one night!
I'm not sure what all the fuss was about over the chicken. I found it to be extremely dry. However, my friend got the pork chops and I found that very tasty.
It's pretty here, and good people watching, and also the food was rather good. Yay!
I love me some Pork Chop. My ideal last meal on earth would be Taiwanese fried pork chop with pickled veggies, minced meat sauce/gravy, and tea egg over rice. With that said NOPA's staple pork chop is a close second. I've been here 3 times and ordered the pork chop every single time, and it pains me to report that the most recent experience was severely disappointing otherwise this review would be 5 stars. The pork chop just wasn't right. I have a very forgiving heart so I'll give NOPA the benefit of a doubt. According to my first 2 experiences tho the pork chop is cooked with precision to a moist and tender level. The sauce pairs nicely. Their menu changes, but the flat bread starter is always great.  The drinks are great and last time the waiter literally looked at each of us and picked out a drink that he deemed most suitable. Risky move, but ingenious at the same time. Nobody complained and like I said the drinks are great. The restaurant is very busily and possibly noisy for many, but that is just the essence of this great establishment. Got that essential SF hotspot vibe to it.
FOOD:1.) Burger = This is what happens when I don't write reviews right away. But I remember it being good.SERVICE:Not bad.ATMOSPHERE:Came here for dinner, has a nice dim ambiance, good for a casual date. Interesting second floor seating, overlooking a lil of the going-ons down first floor.
THE BEST BURGER IN SF HANDS DOWN !!!!! I've been trying to get a table at this place for months, finally I did at 11pm last night and it was worth eating this late, and waiting. Their flat bread with bacon and caramelized onions was phenomenal.I wasn't expecting to find such an impressive wine list, and they pass by our table with some cool looking cocktails as well, our waitress Aja was very nice and attentive. Can't wait to go back
It may be the hype I've received from reading other reviews, the average service, or just the mediocre quality of the food itself to get the rating I'm giving. So appetizers IMO is completely overpriced. Don't get me wrong, it was probably the best dish I had for the night, but it's not worth the value. The main course however was just about right in cost while I was okay with the quality on my baked pasta. The atmosphere is great which I guess kept me from bashing on the service too hard. The concept to having only your own server pay attention to you seemed rough as I tried to grab several other's attention for water or the bill was just impossible. If I was to come again, it be probably just for the bar and a dish to share.
Nopa is one of the best restaurants anywhere.
Amazing food! I have tried almost every dish and they are ALL delicious! I love that the kitchen is open late and the quality of their food doesnt change no matter what time you go. Have to try their "Moroccan Vegetable Tagine, Toasted Almonds and Lemon Yogurt" its soooo good!!
everything on the menus is the one you should try. just wish I had my satiety center shut off for the evening and all the time in the world to enjoy each bite. noise level is moderate. staff is classy. long wait, but without regret.
After over 2500 reviews what more could be said? Nopa is great and there is almost nothing bad I can say about it. The food is amazing. Fresh, full of flavor, and a menu that changes with the season. The decor is amazing, the staff is friendly, and the atmosphere is nice too. The perfect place for a date or just to celebrate any occasion. Prices are very fair compared to the quality of food. I've yet to be disappointed by any of my experiences here...so come try it out for yourself and get ready for a great dinner.++++ for their late hours!!!
Make that reservation! This place is pCelebrated my husband's birthday at Nopa last week. It's a great place to share dishes as we found the portions to be very generous. Manhattan with a dried cherry=yummy. We heard the burger was the way to go, but saw so much of interest on the menu!We shared flatbread, good, but not over the top, but then we had a smoked trout salad, which was amazing; a pork chop main dish, a side of broccoli and a dessert-- their wonderful version of Strawberry shortcake (lemon poundcake with zabaione and strawberries. The whole meal was wonderful. I understand that the menu changes fairly regularly so we'll definitely be going back to see what's new! AND to get that burger!
Friends and I finally decide to dine at NOPA for brunch for one of their birthdays. We arrived a little after 11am and wait time for 10 people was probably about 10-15 minutes. We had to be seated apart, a table of 6 and 4 but we seated basically right next to each other so it wasn't a big deal.While you wait, they have a bar for those who want to get their drink on early or for those who want to recover from the night before with a pretty spiced up bloody mary. You can also order food at the bar, but it's not recommended since there are people constantly walking around that area and ordering drinks from right behind you. While I was waiting I ordered a half pot of french roast coffee (had to get that only because they only have whole milk for their espresso drinks and I like soy). Right after I ordered it, our table was ready so they were good about sending my coffee my way. My coffee came with cane sugar presented in a cup for you to spoon out with a wooden teaspoon. SUPER CUTE. I'm a sucker for little unique details like that.A friend and I split an order of their french toast with carmelized apples and the chile rubbed pork with cornbread. Both were good dishes, but neither blew us away. The french toast was thick, but the two pieces were not cooked the same - one was really mushy in the middle (we almost thought it wasn't fully cooked) and the other was perfectly done. Lack of consistency there. The pork chile was not really spicy nor did it have much flavor to it. I could definitely taste some holiday spice in there, but it just didn't really do it for me. I've definitely had better brunch, but service was pretty good and I liked the atmosphere.
We had the most amazing brunch ever...oven baked egg and french toast. We can't wait to try dinner. The hostess was adorable and friendly; the waitress, not so much.
This place would get 5 stars, but the wait is just too long. Grabbing a drink while you wait makes it bearable, but you are jam packed shoulder to shoulder. The Blue Bottle The food was amazing though as we had the Moroccan Vegetable Tagine and the Housemade Pappardelle.Also try the Blue Bottle Cocktail w/ bourbon instead of vodka. Excellent!
All i can say is, custard soaked french toast with LEMON butter, yum yum yum! Brunch was sooo delicious today, with me and my friend's 32oz of blue bottle coffee to drink as often as we wanted. Even with our own water at our table, the waiter kept filling our glasses, even though we could do it ourselves, very good attention to detail!Great experience and definitely want to go back for brunch, maybe this time will get some brunch cocktails to really kick start the day.
One of my favorite restaurants.Never disappoints. The pork was so good and perfectly cooked that the girl across the communal table from me was eyeing my food! She probably would've taken a bite if i had offered. Service is always attentive.
There were four of us - two of my family visiting from Florida, my partner, and I. And I think we would all attest that the raving is true: this was one of the best meals I've had in recent memory. The appetizers were excellent: warm marinated olives (very good, but the kicker was that they came in a dish with olive oil and balsamic at the bottom, which we then sopped up with pieces of warm bread); crostini served with warm goat cheese, greens, and kumquats; and a salad of cabbage, orange, beets, and hazelnuts. All were really, really good.For entrees we all ordered different items: grilled pork chop, wood baked halibut, braised short ribs, and pappardelle with bolognese. Dessert was sopapillas (served with spiced hot chocolate) and a pecan tart. Portions were generous on all fronts, and literally every bite of every dish was eaten. I am still stuffed.I have one tiny quibble: I have family in New Mexico for whom sopapillas are a staple dessert. Nopa's sopapillas are not as light or fluffy as those I used to have with my family in restaurants in New Mexico - they could use some improvement, IMHO. But that is just a minor quibble that can't take away from the all-around excellent food and service. Recommended without question.
I had just finished my last class for the semester. I had just broken up with the boy. I was in need of celebration and some drinks. We were two blocks away. Why not?We came around 11:45pm and were happy to see there were prime seats in the restaurant. We were seated immediately and our waitress was the sweetest. She recommended a great bottle of sparkling wine and we started off with some delicious bread and marinated olives. I was surprised to see how reasonable the menu was. Everyone always says and complains to me how it was so expensive with not enough "pizazz" but I disagree!We ordered the rotissere herbed chicken with delicata squash with watercress and pecans. It was so much food! Chicken breast, drumstick and thigh. Come on! My friend got the hamburger. Now when I went to New Zealand I thought I had by far the best hamburger of my life. This place somehow topped it. It was made perfectly and was so juicy but not messy. The bun was toasted with yummy perfection. We declined on dessert because to be honest we were so full.My experience here was amazing. We shared a bottle of amazing sparkling wine, great apps and entree for under $100. Seriously? I'll be back for sure! And I love how it's open till 1 am. Fine dining late night is definitely my thing. Love it!
The ambiance is really good! The hamburger and roasted chicken are amazing!.
Who eats at 1 in the morning? Apparently other than my friends and I, at least 80 other people. haha Came here for my friend's birthday, and I loved this place. Seeing as I went with a bunch of chef's we ate and drank to our heart's content! The place is a little noisy like people have mentioned before but the atmosphere is fun, and exciting. It took me awhile to figure out where this place was, but once in and eating...so worth it! Everything was good! I will for sure be back here again! I just wish it was closer. Thanks Nopa for staying open late and feeding me and my hungry friends. =)
Another 4.75 star kind of place.  Love the ambience, love the drinks and LOVE the food! It could be bumped to a 5 after I try a couple other dishes. The problem is, I only always get the burger or the pork chop! They are SOOOOO good. I can't bring myself to try anything else. Make sure you make reservations well in advance. There is a communal table that is first come first serve, but it's usually pretty full.
I've been want to try NOPA for a while. A visit from a friend gave me a good excuse to finally go. The interior is classic Californian: clean and bright. My friend and I got to sit on the top floor and see what everyone was ordering. The burgers, flatbread, and (surprisingly) the sardines seemed to be the most popular.I started the evening with the Pisco Sour and the giant backed white beans with tomato, oregano, feta, and breadcrumbs. Nopa's pisco sour is a solid drink. Not too sour, not too sweet, and ever so slightly creamy. Their white bean appetizer is hardy and a wonderful treat for a cold, wet winter evening in San Francisco.I continued on with a drink called the Lock and the duck leg with black eyed peas and brussel sprouts. The Lock wasn't that good. NOPA needs to use a higher quality rum. The duck, black eyed peas and brussel sprouts were cooked to perfection, but way too salty. There really needed to be a sweet or acidic component to this dish to add some depth.My friend ordered the Moroccan vegetable tagine. The lemon yogurt in this dish was very nice, but a bit too abundant and occasionally overpowering.For dessert we ordered the chocolate souffle and the sopaipillas (warm, sugared donuts with burnt orange caramel). The souffle was decadent. The vanilla orange ice cream was a great touch. The sopaipillas were really good too. Overall this place was good, but not great. Excluding the pisco sour and the souffle, I felt like everything was missing something or could have been better. Tip of the Day: If you order the sopaipillas, bite off the corner of the donut, then pour the warm caramel on the inside. It's less messy to eat it this way.
Delicious food. It is always so busy. If you don't mind yelling your conversation to the person next to you then this is the spot for a foodie.
Sat at the communal table coz we didn't have reservations. Which was fun coz you get to people watch and eavesdrop on their conversations.The pork chop was amazing! But my halibut was just ok, it sounded really good on the menu description tho. My fav part of the halibut meal was the toasted garlic bread which was amazing when dipped in the dish's sauce.I will be back to try the burger, and maybe get the pork chop myself. Yum!
The pork chop is by far the best I've ever had. It is big, so my wife and I split it along with the grilled bread with avocado (very good) and a side.
I don't get the hype. When I checked the reservation wait list was like 3 weeks. Luckily they have the walk-in option, which we took advantage of. Maybe I just didn't have one of their signature dishes but I was definitely underwhelmed. The king salmon tartare was actually very good. I had three of the small plates. The little gems salad was very good but not anything I haven't seen before in some form or another other places. The little fried fish and baked duck egg were nice but nothing I'd come back for. It's not that I wouldn't go back to NOPA but five star, wait for hours to get a seat? Not for me.
i am now a fan of pickled onions and pickled beets!apparently this restaurant is a lot more popular that i had expected. for a party size of 4 on a weekday, we weren't able to get reservations until 9:45 so i would strongly recommend calling in couple days before you want to make a visit out here.we were given a complimentary small tasting of persimmon with some kind of minty yogurt and sea salt. it was a weird, but really good combination. you got the crunchy and sweet, with the creamy and minty, and slight salty taste.flat bread - giada from food network had said this flat bread is her favorite thing ever to eat with bacon. they had changed it so that the flat bread now comes with sausages but i think even with bacon, it wasn't anything all that special. and it was a little too bitter for my likingwarm goat cheese with crostini and picked beets - soooo good! goat cheese may be a little too much for some, but i loved the warm cheese on top of the crunchy crostini. and i dont like beets at all, but i gave it a try and the pickled sweet beets were sooo good and went well with the spring mix it came with.the grass fed burger with picked onions - i was a little skeptical about the pickled onions because i never had it before and im not a fan of onions unless it cooked but i had seen nopa's grass fed burger featured in 7x7's top 10 burgers in SF so i just had to try it.... it was delicious! i had added gruyere and bacon to my burger (which together was an additional $3 which our server did not tell us) but i ended up taking off the bacon and only leaving a little bit of cheese because it overpowered the burger a little bit and i just wanted to enjoy my juicy burger with the pickled onions. im not sure if i really like the aioli, it didn't really have any flavor and just tasted like spicy mayo.country grilled pork chop - this might be the biggest pork chop i have ever seen. it looked like the boyfriend was eating a steak. i do commend NOPA for making such a huge pork chop very tender and quite juicy, but the flavor itself was nothing special. it was a little too sweet, and reminded all of us of a huge slab of char sui (chinese BBQ pork)wood roasted rabbit legs - i dont think i would ever order rabbit, but i did not want to pass up trying new things either. it came with two fairly good sized legs and looked like a stew with squash and raisins and other veggies. i expected rabbit meat to be very tough but it was really tender. to be honest, it just tasted like chicken to me.trio of sorbet and almond biscotti - i usually like fruit sorbet because its very refreshing, but i did not really like the choice of sorbet NOPA had. it was a trio of peach, lemon, and orange/tangerine. the peach was pretty good, tasted like peach soju :P and the lemon at first was really good, but the more i tried, the more sour and bitter it got. the orange type one was kind of bitter as well.overall it was a decent dining experience. it's a very nice restaurant and the food wasn't disappointing or anything, but it's not a place i would keep coming back to. i did enjoy trying out new things and new combinations though!
this place is kind of hit or miss but i decided since there are definitely things i'd recommend, i'd say it's a four.the good:the burger was amazing! although i don't actually know if it was amazing or if it was just drenched in butter. that is not a complaint. it tasted delicious and was cooked perfectly medium rare. i think they probably overload it with butter to cover up the grass-fedness of the beef. good idea!the albacore tuna appetizer was also amazing. i asked for it as rare as possible but it turns out they are already made earlier in the day. i thought that would be a bad sign but it actually turned out to be really good. theolive oil was good, the spices were plentiful but not overpowering, and whatever texture albacore usually has that makes me not love it, this didn't quite have.a surprise winner was the side of grilled broccoli. it was delicious! so lemony with a bit of crisp from the breadcrumbs. i think the menu said it had anchovy in it. i've never had anchovy, but there wasn't a weird taste or anything so i'm not sure if i like anchovies still.the meh:the eggplant side sounded great because anything with a warm goat cheese does, but it wasn't. it wasn't bad, just normal.i can't tell if the piggy plate was good. it had a head cheese, which neither the boyf nor i had ever tried before, so i'm not sure how it compares. but i wouldn't get it again. it was described as a pate of stuff that comes off a pig's head, but it came out more gelatinous and weird. the other stuff on the plate was delicious though. but i wish they had different crackers/bread with it. the stuff they had was too crunchy!the bad:the fries sucked! worst mealy feeling in my mouth i ever got from fries. too bad they just come with the burger.service was nice, but not too friendly. when i was deciding on beer, the waiter was nice enough to offer me a sample of the sour mash when i said i had never had it before. but they seemed very rush and even though we were not wanting for anything, i still felt like we weren't really being paid attention to. it's a small complaint though as the restaurant got crazy busy while we were there even though it was a tuesday night.
Add this to your list of restaurants to eat in the city.Leslie asked where are must eats in the city, and this one popped into my head. I know that reservations are near impossible here and they are busy every night they are open. So we decided, this was worth an adventure. We arrived at 6:45pm. We put our name down on the list. A table would be available at 8:45pm, but we hovered and found a spot within 20 minutes. Communal tables and bar seating are the new hip ways to dine at trendy restaurants sans reservations. While hovering, I managed to drop my drink because I got SO EXCITED about United Premier Executive Status that Leslie scored over the course of travel for the year. Dorky? Yes. Warm goat cheese with pickled beets and crustinis. Flatbread. Burger and fries. Chocolate souffle. Fantastic and fabulous. And SO AFFORDABLE. Such a cute date place, esp. if one of your hobbies is people watching :)
After a great morning yoga session in the city my friends and I wanted to treat ourselves to a great brunch place. Boy OH boy did we land ourselves a post-yoga treat! NOPA is located North of the Panhandle (hence the name)--a skip hop and a way from the Painted Ladies, near Alamo Square. The wait for brunch can get long for large groups, but if you want to seat sooner, they have a great community table that you can sit at on a first come, first serve basis.We opted to sit at the community table which allowed us to sit right away, instead of waiting 45 minutes for our own table. Our server was great, making it a point to memorize all our names which added a personalized touch to the brunch.While their menu changes on a monthly basis, their ingredients remain to be fresh, unique and inspiring. I hear that most,if not all, of their food is hand made---from the cream cheese to the french bread. When I come to places like NOPA I want to try as much as a can on the menu, so it's wise to go with a friend or two that's not shy of sharing.The food was not shy at all either! Bursting with flavor and pizazz that I've never tasted before. Included in the loudness were:   *French toast gone right! Imagine a stack of 2 french toasts with toast about an inch in length drizzled with syrup and thin slices of oranges. YUM!   *Bagel with rainbow trout served with cream cheese and olives. Talk about turning a simple bagel meal into something gourmet. YUM YUM!   *Eggs and Parmesan over cooked tomatoes served with bread. Think fresh baked french bread dipped in tomato goodness! YUM YUM UHHH YAH!5 YUM's and UHHH YAH's for NOPA. You've done a brunch good! I'll see you soon for dinner!
Came here for brunch. It was innovative and different from any other typical brunch spots. And everything our group was ordered was excellent. I can't wait to go back to try for some more.
I have been wanting to check out NOPA for a long time but never really had the right occasion until I wanted to take my friend out to celebrate her birthday and the birth of her soon to be 3rd child. I'm so happy we chose NOPA, we loved everything we ate. Our reservations were for 4 people at 6:45 on a Thursday night and this place gets packed fast, so be sure to make reservations. We were seated right away and the wait staff was awesome. Shout out to Ryan who was our server and who's been at Nopa almost since the beginning, a true OG. The corn soup, poached albacore, avocado salad, and flatbread were excellent appetizers. Being with a 8 month pregnant friend, we were holding nothing back, we had to try it all! Flavors were great and really balanced with all the dishes. For our main dish we had the famous Pork Chops and Rotisserie Chicken. I personally had the Rotisserie chicken which was moist and really flavored well. The pork chop was also given high praise by my friends. Next time, I'm going to try their grass fed Burger which looked amazing as well! 5 Star all the way around from the service, taste of food, decor, and overall experience. A definite must try in the city!
On a lovely October evening, a date "surprised" me with dinner. He told me that he'd pick me up at 8 and to not wear anything fancy. While he withheld details for as long as he possibly could, as soon as we pulled up onto Divisadero and started looking for parking around the Fells-Hayes block, I knew. We were going to have fried chicken at Popeye's. I was about ready to do the happy fried chicken dance. Unfortunately, they were packed. There was a line wrapped around the corner and back, so we had to find a back-up. Since my date was probably trying to impress me, he also had a reservation for us at NOPA. You know, just in case. With over 1,000 reviews and four "Yay! I'm a fan." stars, NOPA did not disappoint. We sat upstairs. While it separates you from the rest of the restaurant, sitting upstairs offers a more private experience so you can focus on making your date uncomfortable [possibly squirmish] by staring at them while they eat. The view of the kitchen from upstairs also provides assistance in choosing what to order. My date was drooling over the banister as he watched the large pork chops sizzling downstairs. We started with the Warm Goat Cheese, Pickled Beets, Frisee, and Crostini. I loved the goat cheese and beets [super tasty combination], but the crostini was not easy on the braces. The entrees, however, worked out perfectly. I ordered the duck [tender, delicious, yum!], and he ordered the pork chops that many other reviews have mentioned and that he had been drooling over. While the menu does change regularly, it seems that only the accessories change. The basics are still there. The duck + risotto was fantastic, but the kale that came with it was not. I'm just not a fan of bitter veggies. I had a bite of the pork chop, and the apples that accessorized that dish were sweet, crisp, and wonderful. Service was on top of it, and overall, it was a fantastic dining experience with good food, wine, and company. If asked out again, I would love to try the other dishes [like the $12 grass-fed hamburger + fries] on their menu. I wouldn't mind wearing something a little less casual than t-shirt and jeans. And next time, I might even leave room for dessert!
It's a rather unassuming restaurant on the corner of the street...but you will not be disappointed. NOPA lives up to its name. It's almost the epitome of a San Francisco restaurant. The ambience is great, it's retained a lot of the old architecture from when it was a bank in the 30's so there are high ceilings and a surprisingly interesting decoration of wall art on the second floor. 1. Make reservations, people were still coming thru the doors well past 112. We noticed that they date stamped each menu -- upon asking the waiter we learned that though alot of the items are staple, many of them are made slightly differently night to night. They were nice enough to let us take one home :)Shaved Asparagus Salad with bacon, poached egg, almonds, and blood orange// Presentation was eye-popping and the asparagus were so thinly sliced it was a fun texture to play around with. Plus, poached egg drizzled on anything is delicious..Flatbread // I can see why people rave about the Flatbread, it's thanks to their amazing brick oven...light and fluffy! Still worth tryingPorkchop// Best porkchop, hands downHousemade Tagliatelle with bacon, garlic, mushrooms, percorino // I liked the flat tagliatelle, but it was a bit salty. The porkchop dipped in the sauce that came with the pasta made for an amazing combination, though. Wouldn't order again but glad to have tried it.Cocktail // Yummiest cocktail I've had to date. Sadly, it was per recommendation of our waiter and not on the menu but all I know is there was egg whites....cinnamon and some other stuff. It was so yummy I had to be reminded to take it slowly. That's when you know it's good, right?Sopapillas // 5 fluffy pieces of bread that you personally drizzle the melted caramel into....it's as good as it sounds. If I had more room in my stomach I would have eaten all 5We also had some other kind of Tart with roasted strawberries which my friend found amazing - the tart was burnt orange, it was okay...nothing you've never seen before. Service: Service is always important to me, no matter where I go. Our waiter was really responsive and helpful in recommending us his choices and was surprisingly good at pacing us from appetizer to entree, which we appreciated. They have this communal table toward the front which I'd definitely be back to sit at, the bar also looked like a fun place to pass the time if waiting for a table. To sum it all up:1. get a cocktail2. get the porkchop3. make reservations, or sit at the communal table and make new friends4. come early, you may have to wait
Excellent service and management. I called about gift certificates and they called right back. They set you up nice when you request gluten free too.
The food is consistently GREAT. Love the space. I often end up at the communal table or the bar because reservations are tough or the wait for a table is long. It is usually packed, but it isn't uncomfortable.
Came here on vacation with my Husband to visit my BFF. We all ordered different items, the burger, the pork chops and salmon. Also got a moscato and blue bottle martini. I got the salmon (which was the worst dish) So I was envious of their food.Service was good. Apparently its tough to get reservations at this spot so we got 9:15pm reservations. I was expecting the food to be a bit better for how crowded the place was.
Terrible place! My local friends went by the reviews and chose this for sunday brunch to make my visit special. We had to keep waiting while they kept on seating people that came after us. When finally seated, we gently asked the server the system they use to seat people and he just said, oh we know. The food was nothing remarkable and took ages to come. The brunch menu had perhaps 10 dishes..what an overwhelming selection. In desperation, I asked our server, a tall young man with blonde hair to" please get us some bread while we wait for our order". He did bring us the bread , but 10 minutes after our order had arrived. the bread came minus a knife for the butter and jam. The tea came without a spoon to stir the sugar.Honestly, you should pay us if you are going to treat us this badly.Very interesting that this place is loud which encourages people to drink more. The drink menu is extensive...people were drinking before 11 am at the bar but the brunch menu is tiny! Guess alcohol drives their business.I am never coming back.
Thinking about the french toast brings a smile to my face.
NoPa was always one of my favorite neighborhoods. My best girlfriend lived there when I met her for the first time in the days before NoPa the 'hood and NoPa the resto. We first met at Herbivore, just across the street. Now, NoPa is a 'hood and is full of wonderfully cute restaurants. What I love about NoPa brunch: *Alcoholic and non-alcoholic drinks that take imagination- not just your bloody mary and mimosa here. *Cheese is served on almost everything- YUM*Portion sizes are just right to share an appetizer and nosh on your own main course. *Bread seems homemade and tastes buttery delicious. I Love this place for brunch and if you can get a table, it's a must if your in the 'hood or on your way to the park.
Just had an after work meal with coworkers. The food was ok. Felt unwelcome and a few things were forgotten. We were also given the wrong check. Series of unfortunate events.
Finally made it to NOPA.High points:* Made a reservation and seated quickly.* Every staff member was helpful and friendly, from the two at the front desk; to the first cocktail order; to the waiter; to the busser (or whomoever was helping to clear the plates, as we ordered a few courses) to the food runners...... everyone worked in unison.Thank gawd I DID NOT get the glazed look, and see the "it's not my job" bubble over any persons head, when I'd ask a staff member a question.I especially like that they have a coat closet AND YOU GET A CLAIM CHECK. Ok it's a playing card. But my point is: it's a claim check.  And your coat is locked in a closet, that is in the main room.   Hey I don't own a Gucci or Pucci coat but ~ I.Like.My.Coat ~ and I do not like hanging it on some flimsy piece of particle board, in some other room, like most restaurants require you to do.   Five stars for that, NOPA!Most important: the food is really good. Portions are sizeable and good food.Low points:honestly, none.  My husband did say it was more casual/informal than he thought It'd be. But i guess I didn't set the expectation correctly ; - ) he like the food, service et al... just the ambiance was casual.So.... now you know!
Went here several weeks ago with a few foodie friends for a dinner on "European time."I had the flatbread with fennel sausage and raddichio off the appetizer menu and -- yum! It was simple but quite yummy and more than filled me up for only $15 or so.The rest of the table seemed pleased with their meals as well. I'd definitely go back.Bonus: this is one of the only places in San Francisco that serves food late! I hear that chefs from other restaurants often come here after they close up shop for a late night meal.
I ate at NOPA for the first time two nights ago and it definitely will not be the last. The earliest reservation I could make for a Tuesday night was at 9:45pm, and I made it a week in advance. NOPA was still swarming with guests at the bar and community table but not crowded to the point that it was uncomfortable. We were seated ten minutes earlier than expected, so that was a plus. After mulling over the long lists of alcoholic beverages, I decided on the Red Russian "Redemption" and my friend went with the Cali Belgique from Stone Brewing. Both great.We started our taste buds off with a mixed green and strawberry salad sided with softened goat cheese and buttered crostinis. For our mains, he went with the housemade pappardelle and rabbit. I only had one option as a vegetarian, the moroccan vegetable tagine topped with almonds and lemon yogurt. My meal was quite delightful and not overly rich in taste. Portion was the right size, and the flavors and textures of the dish married well together. I would give presentation maybe a 7 or 7 or 8 out of 10. Altogether, cool restaurant, good food and nice atmosphere. The waiting staff was also patient and attentive (our dinner lasted almost 3 hours).
This place was everything worth the hype. At first I wasn't sure what to expect from this place but as soon as we stepped in the ambience totally took us by surprise. We sat upstairs because we booked a table as opposed to waiting for a community seat. The waiter was very polite and knowledgable of the menu providing us with great tips and what bottle of wine to choose with our food. We ordered the grilled bread and kale salad for appetizers. Best kale salad I ever had and I seriously hate salads. The grilled bread was delicious topped with avocado, hazelnut, and pecans. For the main course, we ordered the grass fed hamburger and the pork chop. Hands down absolute savory pork chop! I wanted to get as much as of as possible and even picked up the bone to gnaw off as much as I could. The grass fed burger was also money. Get it medium rare because the patty was so juicy. I highly recommend people to come try out NOPA at least once before writing it off. FYI reservations fill up fast so plan ahead accordingly.
There's a story to me and my friends trying this restaurant. My friend sat next to a chef on a flight back from the east coast, and she said her favorite restaurant in SF was Nopa and that the pork chops were just amazing. So of course, we have to try this place out.As all the reviews say - plan ahead and get your reservations early. They have an upstairs which offers an interesting overhead view of the entire restaurant and some of the kitchen. It's pretty great.Anyway - the menu changes daily. Because me and friends wanted to try everything, we split our dishes family style. We got the pork chops, housemade pappardelle with braised rabbit, seared duck, and the hamburger. We also got the avocado salad. Dessert was a butterscotch tart.Everything was made from really fresh ingredients. But the standout to me was the hamburger. I absolutely love burgers - and this one is top notch. Awesome meat, done nicely in medium rare - with delicious pickled onions, and french fries with aioli (automatic love). The pork chops that everyone raves about are super juicy and mouthwatering, but it is a lot(!) of meat, so be prepared. I'd highly suggest the pappardelle as well. Avocado salad - good but tiny.Drinks - We got the Cocchi Cup, a pisco sour, an aviation, and a mystery drink with scotch. All were delicious. Their pisco sours are made with egg whites and just awesome.Environment: it's got the minimal, slightly country feel that's currently so trendy for these local fresh restaurants. It's a very open space - with an open kitchen to boot. The tables are pretty packed in, with a large communal table by the door.Service: Our waitress was phenomenal. We asked a zillion questions about what various things on the menu were, what drinks we should get, how often the menu changes, what her recommendations are. She took it all in stride, gave awesome recommendations (especially for drinks), and in general was real friendly.
I must admit, I've had many many meals at Nopa that were outstanding but last night was not one of those meals. Our dinner for four was riddled with pacing issues from the start. When we asked about a drink order that hadn't arrived by the first course, we were informed by our waitress that she "only had two hands". When we sent back a pork chop for being dangerously undercooked, we were lectured on the subtleties of cooking temperature. I love you nopa but condescending, uneven service is never fun to experience.
Very pricey so I don't think I would make it back unless someone else was paying. I can yap yap about the food we had but most other folks have gotten to it. Some was incredible(bacon brittle dessert and sorbet NOMNOMNOM) Some just fine and dandy (the chicken) Some was terrible(head-cheese). Seriously the head cheese was awful don't get it. Way to weighted on the gelatin side; not on the delicious meat bits side of preparation. Cocktails were good and the wine list was as well. Glad I got a reservation last minute b/c apparently this place gets ridiculous. I would probably commence to the destruction here but I have nothing to say in that department. If you are dumb enough to show up to a place like this expecting to seat more than two you should probably learn to call ahead. Also I am very happy with the first results on this page: there is only one "wanted to like you but...." my automatic nausea/murderous-rage inducer.I feel rude giving 3 stars but I think it fits the experience. Its not perfect but if you time it right, get the correct food, and are willing to shell out the dough NOPA is a great bet for a romantic night or business dinner. I enjoyed my experience here but the reviews made my expectations more than what I got. I'll save up after I move and then give it another try if I can afford it.
Is this my favorite restaurant in San Francisco?!?!? Could it be?!?!?!I have been twice now, but I'm just going to talk about my brunch experience, since that is my favorite holiday of the week. Started my Sunday off with my brain not working. Went to get a coffee, only to show up at NOPA to remember they served Blue Bottle. I was the first in my party to show up, so I took a seat at the bar. I quickly asked the bartender to do away with my terrible coffee (two star Yelp review to come soon for that coffee establishment), and asked what the person had ordered next to me. They said, "Blue Bottle Martini." Sold. WOW. I'm not exaggerating, this was quite simply the best coffee cocktail I have ever had. Blue Bottle Martini with Vodka, Araku and Iced Espresso. Now I'm a huge Blue Bottle fan, so maybe I'm a bit biased, but whatever, it was awesome. I would have ordered 10 more, but I probably would have had a heart attack. It's got a kick to it, so one was good enough to me.So the rest of my party arrived, and from there we can dive into the play by play of what was ordered and I'll try and avoid the long descriptions of all the random, highly intellectual and amusing conversations that took place at our table. All that would do was make you want to hangout with us because we are so much fun. And can't have that. Sparky Wallbanger - Galliano, Orange Juice, Cava, Lemon Twist $8 - I didn't want a Mimosa, but wanted something similar. The server read my mind, which I had wanted, and brought me this. Home run. Loved it. Fresh Baked Scone - Meyer Lemon Cream $4 - All biscuit and scone arguments aside, I'll give in and refer to this as a scone. This was delicious. I want another one right now. Custard French Toast - Blood Orange Marmalade and Honey Lemon Butter $7 / $14 - I always want to order French Toast at places that are supposed to have good French Toast, the problem is, I can usually only eat one piece. Well way to go NOPA, they offer one or two piece options. I went for the single piece. And yes, this item came highly recommended, and once again I was not disappointed. The best French Toast I have had in the city. I wasn't the biggest fan of Blood Orange Marmalade, but that is me, and at the same time, it didn't sway my opinion of it. Confusing? Yeah, I'm confused. I'm saying I highly recommend it though.Grass Fed Hamburger - Pickled Onions and Herbed French Fries $13 - I didn't order this, but if you have read any of my past reviews, you know by now I usually find a way to get people to ask me if I want to try a bite...for review purposes obviously. The end of the story is that I tried it and now I have to go back and order the burger. Soooo good!Moscatel - "Casta Diva-Cosecha Miel" 2009 Gutirrez de la Vega $12 - Once again I was at a "third world problems" crossroads. I needed the server to read my mind on what I wanted. She did once again, brought me this delicious dessert wine, and I was happy and life could go on once again. Ok, so I am going to finish typing this and then go get another reservation. I love NOPA. Is this my favorite restaurant in San Francisco?!?!? Could it be?!?!?!
Do you LOVE *LOUD* environments in which to enjoy tasty food? Does your mouth water at the thought of flash-fried brussel sprouts, flat bread topped with bacon, or a big pork chop? If so, then this is the place for you.The food is very good at Nopa. You need to plan ahead and make a reservation...this place seems packed at all hours of the day, and on any given day during the week. The burger was over-rated, and I wasn't too fond of their cocktails (but my friend, however, LOVES the pisco sours). But, all the other food was quite tasty, including the desserts. YUM.
I really hate to do this because I've been such a NOPA supporter the last few years; BUT the food and service have gone wayyy downhill. It makes me so sad :-(. Really really sad. The last 3 times I've been I was utterly unimpressed and a tad upset since it does put a dent in the wallet; not to mention the 1.5+ hour wait that is pretty standard. I have no problem spending some dough, or waiting, on good quality grub and fun/friendly service. Because we live in an area with so many different seasonal food options and influences; I suggest switching up the menu a bit. For these prices one could surely find a more satisfying experience and the menu hasn't changed in years. Maybe that would help?I won't be back for a 4th disappointment. *sigh*
ive been wanting to try nopa for a while and we were finally able to get a reservation for a sunday dinner. the hostess was super friendly and nice. corkage is $20 which is pretty reasonable. our waiter was nice, informative, and helpful. we started with some appetizers: little gems salad, salad with pears, baked egg, and the soup! all were delicious! i guess out of all of them the salad with the pears stood out the least. i liked the soup the most - it had onion/leek, italian sausage, lentils. it was yummy. i picked up the bowl it drank it!for mains i had the halibut. i also tried the hamburger, porkchop, and chicken. as most people say the hamburger and porkchop were probably the best or most standout. then the chicken. then sadly the fish. though the porkchop wasnt the best ive had (ahem frascatti ftw)we also stuffed ourselves with dessert. the pumpkin soufle which isnt a soufle at all but more of lighter sponge cake
Rated for their brunch service... rated 3.7Atmosphere had a contemporary rustic feel however; plez do make rsvp before you get there... walk-ins may face some wait time.WARNING: Patience is needed since it does take some time to get your food out from the kitchen.Ordered the cappuccino w/ cream... amazing cream i must say. Loved their morning cocktails that brightened up the day.. either hungover or sober... great taste and creativity.Ordered the pork skillet and sausage dish since I wanted a hearty brunch to hit up Muir trails....Loved the hearty pork and corn bread until the sausage dish came out. I do highly recommend the sausage if you enjoy cous cous, brat and asparagus mixed with potential.I'm still a fan!
Simple and lovely. This can be said for both the room itself and the food. We had a reservation, so we were seated immediately upstairs, and there were no issues with loud chatter or overcrowding. Our waiter was attentive and patient with explanations for any questions we had about items on the menu.The meal started out with a complimentary amuse bouche (toasts with salmon and a side of sea salt), but I'm a vegetarian, so I'll just have to take everyone else's word that it was good. The warm goat cheese with kiwi and buttery litle toasties disappeared quickly. Had it been socially acceptable, one of us probably would have licked the ramekin containing the cheese.The Moroccan vegetable tagine is a perfect winter comfort food dish, delicately flavored and perfectly spiced with a dollop of yogurt topping it off. Because I love fries, I ordered them. They're perfect, but I was shocked at how huge the side order was... if only I could have eaten all of them.We were too full for dessert, so we'll definitely go back again.
Nopa is worth the wait to get a reservation. Besides the lovely ambiance, surprisingly large portioned, creative and tasty dishes, it's the staff that make me want to return! My waiter, Daniel, was so informative... just superb and took care of every thing. I will always ask to sit in his section! My advise would be to book your next reservation as you leave to make sure you don't have to wait a month or two the next time you want a great restaurant experience... and don't forget to ask for Daniel!
Was visiting SF for 3 nights and my best friend's sister is a local so we were lucky to get the local experience. She took us to this place for brunch on a Sunday morning. There were 3 of us and we ordered the bread pudding, a small order of French toast (1slice instead of 2) and a dish that had scrambled eggs that came w/polenta and a small salad on the same plate. We shared all 3 and all three were absolutely amazing. I'm back in l.a and my mouth is watering just thinking about the food we had there! The French toast (I uploaded a pic) was thick like a brick and cooked to perfection (crunchy on the outside and soft and moist on the inside) according to the server there she said the French toast takes a week to prepare. Apparently they soak the bread for a week and then once brunch comes around they fry each side and then stick it in the oven. One slice (the small size) was enough to feed the 3 of us while also sharing two other dishes. It is the absolute best thing in the world and I'm not even a breakfast person. This place gets packed for brunch (sat&sun) and if you don't make a reservation (which often times you have to do weeks in advance) your chances of getting in are very slim. They do have a decent sized bar top that is always first come first serve so if you don't get a reservation then the best thing to do is to get there 5-10 min before the restaurant opens and then when they do open at 10:30 you go In n grab seats at the bar and have a drink while you wait for them to start serving brunch which is at 11am. I will be in sf again and I have concluded that everytime I go visit I will definitely stop by here. I've never tried their dinner menu but heard it was just as amazing. This place is also down the street from the painted ladies, so if you're in that area, stop by here!
NOPA is what you want from a restaurant--it's an experience--and it is a consistently amazing experience.my husband and i have been going to NOPA since it opened (2006?) and we've never had anything but amazing things to say.service is stellar--they know their menu, they listen to what you want, they give you space and let you dine. you can tell they love what they do.the atmosphere is awesome--the space is relaxing and open, you feel "part of the neighborhood" and connected to people when you are there. the kitchen is part of the restaurant and the big windows are unique in SF.food is spot on, every single time. veggies are local and fresh and have a little spin put on them--creative, but classic. the pastas, the flatbread, the burger, the salads, the sides--top notch.NOPA is where it's at. much love!
Probably more like 4.5 stars, but I'm pretty stingy with 5 star reviews so I rounded down. There really isn't anything bad to say about this place. We managed to snag a late-in-the-game NYE reservation and the place was, of course, crowded. It was loud, but not so loud that I had any issues hearing my dinner mates or the waiter. The ambience is nice - we sat upstairs, which was more intimate and pleasant.We started with the brussels sprouts and romanesco and the flatbread - both were amazing. Then I had the housemade fettuccine with dungeness crab, and my husband had the famed porkchop. We also ordered a side of braised greens and a side of french fries. Everything was delicious - and generous - we ended up taking home half of our entrees. We ended the night with a pumpkin souffle cake that was also very good.Will definitely return!(Oh, and I saw the reviews about the expensive wine list, but we brought our own bubbly and paid the reasonably priced $20 corkage - reasonable for SF anyway).
Had THE best time. Waited for our table at the bar. Our bartender was awesome, very knowledgable. They efficiently closed us out at the bar and got us to our table upstairs. I love the window and mirror combo, makes the place so comfortable and I had a seat looking over the kitchen, exactly what I wanted. Appetizers were out within five minutes and our server, Ryan, was GREAT. So informed and when he didn't know double checked to make sure we got the drinks we wanted. The food always comes out fast and is never anything but the best. We shared the french fries, Brussels sprouts, pork chops and chicken. SO much food and so satisfying. I was with a friend of mine and it was his birthday and at the end of the night Ryan brought a candle and complimentary cookies THE BEST. Tonight was all I could ask for and I cannot wait to be back. Whatever you're doing you're doing it right NOPA keep it up
Favorite nite out in SF is at Nopa. Consistently great food and service that always makes me want to come back for more.The prices seem to have gone up, especially on the wine list which is disappointing.Thumbs Up  Pork Chop  Lamb Shank  Soppapilla (still steaming hot no less)  Thumbs Down  Expensive Wine list
Ambiance: Hip and b-e-a-u-t-i-f-u-l. Total date material. However, don't expect to snag a seat without reservations or a few hours to kill (and I'm not just talking about Friday and Saturday nights; this applies to every night). Drinks: A+! I especially recommend the espresso martini. The wine selection is quite lengthy and impressive, too.Food: Everything is paired perfectly, cooked to perfection, and served in reasonable portions. Dessert: Trio of sorbets. Just do it.Only complaint: I know this is a popular restaurant, but I still wish it'd be a little less loud. Sometimes the noise levels really are a bit much no matter where you sit.
had a dinner there when traveling to SF. their cocktails are amazing! as well as the food, I enjoy myself too much to a point that I forgot the time and miss the last bus. : P the downsides are the place is very loud and the line is so long...
One guy at the grill, wait staff hanging around the kitchen waiting for him to finish grilling stuff, hungry customers waiting forever for their food... Get your act together Nopa! The kitchen was super slow when we were there and I was watching them work. Inefficiency everywhere. The wait staff was a lot better. They realized they served us the wrong burger and quickly switched it before we took a bite. As far as the food is concerned, the vegetables in every dish were fantastic. Super fresh and perfectly cooked. The Pork Chop was ok, nothing to write home about flavor wise but still commendable for being cooked properly without being dry. The burger was alright and the flat bread was good. I would like to return and order more vegetable based dishes.For a place that's so hard to get a reservation at, I felt this was all hype and failed to impress. The flat bread appetizer arrived quickly but by the time I got the Pork Chop an hour later, I was ready to fall asleep. At the end of the meal, I just wanted to get out of there and be done with the dull experience.
I live one block away from this place so trust me..I KNOW NOPA...I've eaten here for Mothers Day, Birthdays, Work Parties etc. and every time has been an awful experience. WORST wait staff I've ever had. When I dine, i like to be treated like a CUSTOMER. I get better service at Popeyes right across the street (another fine establishment that adds to the ambiance of dining here.) They don't consider your needs here at all. Chicken on that salad? CAN'T BE DONE. a little less spicy? NOPE, THAT WOULD "RUIN THE INTEGRITY OF THE DISH" --seriously that's what i was told. Really? The pretentious waitstaff already left a bad taste in my mouth, even before my unremarkable meal. The food is bla, the appetizers are indistinguishable from tree bark and/or bird feed, and the only form of entertainment comes from the bums pissing on the door outside.Over it. P.s: to the TROLL manager: I STOLE A PEPPER GRINDER AND IT LOOKS BETTER IN MY KITCHEN
Nice food but overpriced
Hopping off our plane, we immediately dropped our things off, headed out for some drinks and then ended our night here. In spite of my exhaustion (I'm getting old -almost 30- and staying out past 10 is a rarity nowadays), I really enjoyed the experience. The restaurant has a warm, cozy vibe in spite of being relatively large. The staff was kind and attentive. I love that sparkling water is provided gratis- a nice touch that classes it up a bit. We started with the grilled broccoli and the goat cheese spread with persimmons, pears and crostinis. Both dishes were excellent and super tasty. For the main course, I went with the burger, topped with gruyere and bacon. The burger itself was delicious, high-quality meat and cooked to perfection. The fries, however, were so-so and nothing special. Overall, I really liked this place.
I can't believe I haven't reviewed NOPA! NOPA is a place where you need to try if you live in sf, or visiting. A place you go with friends, and loved ones, and a place you go for a great experience.This last time I went with someone newly special to me, and it was such great company, I forgot about our food. But the food was still good. Kent our bartender was probably the best bartender ever. Not only is he knowledgeable about his cocktails. He's a no shit kind of guy. I am over this frou frou bullshit bartender that caters to these ostentatious brats that come in and out of these restaurants with more knowledge about wine, and forget about food. Freaking a, enjoy the damn food and cocktails and have a freaking ball.! Done and done. Kent was fantastic, he not only talked to us about food and cocktails, but recommended some other restaurants!! LOVE LOVE LOVE!! :) We heart KentAs for the food, it was great, not knock my socks off like the very first time, but it didn't matter, not a bit. The experience with great service, and amazing company made this night amazing :)Thanks NOPA for letting me actually enjoy your company once again..........oh btw, try their french fries! Their fry sauce reminds me of a cross between salsa con queso and canadian fry sauce
The electricity was out at Fly Bar tonight when we arrived for a friend's birthday celebration. No food, no credit cards. Cash only drinks. We were hungry, so we walked two blocks down to NOPA.I was shocked how many people were there. There were no tables available, standing room only at the bar, and a couple of seats at a long community table and two more at the cook's counter. We vacillated between the two, walking from one to the other. Thankfully, someone noticed and offered to arrange the cook's counter for us with the hostess.Now the cook's counter looks directly into a busy open kitchen: grill, stove top, wood burning oven, salad station, and the expediter. I'm so glad we sat there. I loved looking in on the action, seeing the food that was described beautifully on the menu, and just enjoying everything being made. I'm always surprised at how complex an operation a restaurant kitchen can be. Always amazed that everything comes together before it gets to the desired destination.I had the potato-leek soup with roasted cauliflower and olives. Big bowl and perfect for this freezing weather we're having. It's made with chicken stock, not cream. Delicious. We sorta shared a salad made of little gems, clementines, walnuts, pickled beets. Large and fantastic. I had the sauteed escarole that had a good flavor. The fries with harissa dip was too much for us to even finish.What was really a pleasure was our server, Ryan, was friendly and took his time answering questions as well as sharing recommendations. NOPA has a great vibe. Completely full when we left. And, a beautifully big space. Very warm feeling even with high ceilings.If you like food and you like to watch it be made, request the cook's counter at NOPA. Great stuff!
I wasn't impressed...I had the pork chili, it was so bland, the corn bread was flavorless and the service took forever...The kitchen looked pretty small for a place that big. The only good thing was the bacon. Don't get it crispy because it taste horrible...on the medium side you can taste the sweetness of the meat.other than that it was ok...not impressed I had better brunch
Don't ever plan on going here on a whim. This place is packed at all hours of all days. BUT, if you can get in - the food is usually quite good. A little overpriced at times, but if you have a few dollars to burn it's worth it. Good wine list as well.
Came here a second time. This time we decided to sit at the booth, not the bar. Waiters don't even bother to look at you. After I ordered with the waiter asked my friends, "And what do you two ladies want?" when clearly, one was a guy. He didn't correct himself. Not good. Then it took a while to get the check, two wait staff walked on by when I was obviously waving my hand at them. As we left, a waitress bumped into to me. At first she stared at me like she was going to kill me, then said curtly, "I'm, sorry, go ahead." I will not forget that stare. I understand they are busy and almost all seem they are in a hurry, but a little service with a smile would be nice, considering you are paying Defina prices with none of the service. For shame. It deceptive that they call this a neighborhood restaurant, because it seems like mostly Marina, mixed with a smidge of Divisadero corridor.The burger - It's not the best burger ever, as some yelpers claim. It is good, small, but filling. I was a little surprised it didn't come with tomato, but I didn't miss it much.
Seriously the best pork chop I've ever had! The moist and meaty chop came with escarole, roasted potatoes, and a whole mustard seed sauce. The seared duck breast was also cooked perfectly and delicious, but seemed tiny in comparison to the oversize pork chop.Nick, our server, was excellent. I was already impressed by NOPA's commitment to quality locally sourced organic food, but even more so to learn how well informed the servers are, too. Nick was able to answer my multitude of questions about the ingredients without checking with someone else first. From "How is the pork chop prepared?" to "Just how do you smoke ice cream?," Nick knew it all, giving detailed descriptions about the pork producer, specific cut of pork, and grilling method--and the incredible process for making smoke ice cream.He was also so attuned to us that he gifted us with a scoop of the smoke and bourbon ice cream, even though we'd only ordered the (wonderful) creme brulee, because I had to have the Earl Grey shortbread.Wonderful service and wonderful food. I'll be back!
After years of living in the city, we finally made a reservation here (about a month in advance) and enjoyed the evening. Parking can be tough, especially if there's a show next door, but there's a lot a few blocks up on Broderick that's easy enough.We were seated immediately and service throughout the night was pretty good, although my husband didn't like that they brought dishes separately (our 2 apps, which we were sharing, we brought at different times, then the fries came out separately from our mains). Not a big deal though.We started with the flatbread and the fried brussel sprouts. I'm not a huge fan of brussel sprouts, but these were definitely good. My husband always orders this when it's offered and he said these were definitely some of the best. The flatbread was good, but I think I was expecting something amazing after all the rave reviews.For the main, my husband had the pork chop, which was really good, but sounds like his favorite is still at Marlowe. They definitely cook it a little underdone, which is fine, but it is a pretty thick piece of meat so it can be slightly chewy. The carrots that were served with this were amazing, and my husband, who's not much of a fan of saurkraut said that it really added to the dish. The fries were very fresh tasting and very crispy, even to the the end.I had the black cod that was served in a broth with chorizo and mussels. Some of the mussels were a bit gritty, but the flavor of the broth and the silky texture of the cod were very good. It didn't seem like much food, but with everything else we had, it was the perfect amount.I opted for the lemon tart for dessert -- this was delicious. It wasn't too sweet or too tart and the buttermilk ice cream it was served with was very tasty.Overall, I can see why this place is so popular. We had a nice dinner and generally everything was really good. I don't think we were quite as in love with some of their top-sellars like the pork chop and the flatbread, at least not as much as others have said, but still, it was a very solid meal and I would definitely recommend.
I love this restaurant. The wine.is amazing. The only downside, parking. I take the waiters suggestion on wine just about every time. Home Run!
Nopa is an awesome place to eat and hang out! their food is great, good price and friendly staff. I can easily say every item in their menu is great. I think Nopa is the best late night choice in SF, they are open till 1 AM and after 11 PM you can get a table fast and without reservation.My favorites are the Chicken and the Burger!!!
Glad to see Ashley has joined the bar staff (along with Sam, Morgan, Jessica, and Caleb -- in case I didn't mention them in previous reviews, all of them as talented as they are good-looking. Seriously. What's with that?) for brunch.  But WHAT is with the jukebox these days? A half hour of Sade? Really?!Still the best place in SF for a liquid brunch!
YUM! The food and service were outstanding, and I also like the casual, contemporary decor. I appreciate the way the chef combines various vegetables, fruits, cheeses, nuts, and spices - not what you always see at other restaurants of similar quality. The albacore and tomato salads were so packed with flavor and incredibly fresh. If you're a vegetarian, there are plenty of appetizers, sides, and a delicious Moroccan tajine. This is the perfect place to come with your friends, significant other, co-workers, or a large group.
Great brunch spot, never been for dinner however. Make a reservation well in advance. If not get there at 10:30am when they open and grab one of their amazing cocktails while you wait for an open table. I recommend sharing dishes.
Had a Lamb the other night and a French toast UN a brunch. The Lamb is amazingly tender, I have no clue hoe do they make it. I told the chef that is crazy. As well as the French toast. The best I have ever had in my life.
I would rate this a 2.5 as it was slightly better than just A-ok but gave it a 2 because of the really awful service & meh food.Between the two of us, we ordered wine ($30+), roasted duck with squash ($26), grilled trout ($26), and a side salad. While I'm more than happy to pay for great food, my evening started out rather disappointing -- My salad came with a live worm. I notified my server right away and not only did she give me a bad attitude, she made up an excuse for the worm. She told me that the salad was "organic". Look lady, I am a fan of 'organic' products, but don't tell me that the worm is there because the salad is "organic". She then asked me whether or not I wanted a new salad or for her to just take the worm out. Either it's her first day working there, or she's the biggest troll on the planet.The Grilled Trout was pretty bad as well. Dry. Lots of bones. Overall, very difficult to eat. Not at all what I expected for such a nice place.Not that they're going to miss my business, but I don't think I'll ever come back unless absolutely necessary. Yes, even if they are across the street from where I live.
Opa for Nopa! I finally had the luxury to get in on a reservation and I am so happy because it had been on my to-do list for about a year now. Whatever the secret to Nopa is, it's a good secret, because any restaurant that's packed to the rim on a Tuesday in this sad economy... is doing it right.We ordered the shaved asparagus salad with poached egg, frisee and bacon and it was TO DIE FOR. I almost found myself licking the bowl. We then ordered the giant cannelini beans and the flatbread, both were incredibly savory, salty and just perfection. Then came our burger with fries; the meat was excellent but because I was so stuffed, I could barely give it much thought. Dessert? A whole other story. At first the menu was hard to navigate. I didn't really "understand" any of the items (bacon brittle, huh?). That's when we asked for clarification. "What are sopaipillas?" The second she answered, "donuts" we both grew wide eyed and bushy tailed. Ten minutes later, out come five little pillowy square, warm donuts with a lovely caramel/orangey sauce for dipping. My goodness. As if I wasn't already in heaven, this really topped the ... donut.I would say the food is 5 stars. The service, while unintrusive and impeccable, I found it to be almost "too" efficient. I get the turning tables thing, but sometimes when I am spending a nice dime, I like the more European experience where they let you sit and really enjoy it versus gently reminding you that the table is precious. It's like, every time I turned my head, a busser was just quietly waiting in the wings for me to eat the last morsel. Just makes me feel a little rushed.
Got the burger with gruyere and bacon. My third time getting it and I can't bring myself to order anything else. It's an incredible and affordable meal.
NOPA serves the most amazing pork chop I have ever eaten...it's so tasty...I don't know what they do to it, but it is so unbelievably tender, juicy and simply mouthwatering. This is all you really need to order. However, if you do feel like having other items on the menu, the flatbread is really good, and so is the burger....as well as a side of the grilled broccoli with anchovy, lemon and breadcrumbs.For dessert, I've had the sopapillas with caramel sauce. Mmm.If you feel like coffee with a kick, have the Blue Bottle coffee martini (see picture)...I wish I could have this every morning at work!BTW this place is always crowded...make a reservation, or go really early, or go really late (open until 1 a.m.)...or sit at the counter and watch the chefs cook. That's always a treat for any foodie.
I had decided to enter the wonderful NOPA around 1:30 am after a night of drinking. We wanted a cocktail and some snacks, and how wonderful this place was. First of all, I'm so relived that there is a NICE restaurant open this late! It beats eating mexican food any day, lol.The cocktails were amazing!!! Our server was very knowledgeable and attentive. I would love to pick one dish but everything was great. My favorite part about NOPA is it's location and just the building itself. Beautiful ambiance, very romantic!
NOPA - Great place for fantastic cocktails and amazing food!My wife and I ate at NOPA on a Saturday - a reservation is required if you want to be seated quickly. As soon as we walked in, I was in love. The atmosphere was full of energy and you could tell that everyone was having a good time. It is an open floor plan that provides an excellent view of the folks in the kitchen making the magic happen. Also, there's seating upstairs that provides an awesome vantage point to check out the entire restaurant. From cocktails being prepared to food being plated, we were lucky enough to be seated there. And, then the fun began...My Old Fashioned was a perfect way to start our dining experience. For starters, we went with the flatbread (a MUST!!) and the manila clams (DIVINE). The flatbread was full of flavor and the sauce elevated the entire dish. All of the reviews about it were right on point. The clams were great as well. For our entres, I ordered the burger and my wife chose the trout. Wow - it truly is one of the best burgers in SF - juicy and flavorful. My wife really loved her entre too. All in all, we enjoyed the majority of our evening except for the reason why I'm only giving it 4 stars. We're very understanding about the staff having to deal with a large crowd on busy nights but it shouldn't take 45 minutes to get a cocktail. It felt like an hour for our entrees - after we were done with the appetizers. Our waiter would constantly walk by us without checking to see if we needed anything. But, we didn't let that put a damper on our evening.All in all, loved it and will definitely go back. It actually looks like hanging at the bar with some bourbon and a burger is something we'll have to try in the future. We were jealous because it looked like they were having a ton of fun.. Maybe next time!
A friend and I have been dying to try NOPA for a while. We decided, on a rainy Friday evening, to head over (gasp!) without a reservation. We were told the wait would be about 1 hour and 15 minutes for two. Not bad, I thought. They were fairly accurate with the timing..I received a call exactly an hour and 15 minutes later. The hostess was impolite, and seemed bothered. Hence the lack of a fifth star....Based on the food alone, five stars for SURE. We split the warm goat cheese dip, served with crispy crostinis, flat bread with a garlic cream sauce, brussel sprouts, and sausage, and my fave, the hummus with roasted butternut squash. I would go back for the butternut squash alone! Cooked to perfection, and the subtle flavors of the hummus went so well with the squash.They have an extensive wine list! I had a nice, full-bodied glass of the 2007 Alder Springs Syrah. It paired wonderfully with my meal. You can also order half bottles, which is nice. We decided to forego dessert, as our dinner choices were more than enough for two. But we finished off our meal with Blue Bottle Coffee...which, needless to say, was amazing.Now I just need to come back for brunch! Bon apetit!**I recommend taking a cab or bus, if you can, as parking is terrible in the area.
This restaurant has every right to be pretentious, but isn't. It is staffed with young people, some wearing regular street clothes, some wearing leather boots and brass knuckle pendants under their aprons, some who just stepped out of a J.Crew catalog. It's young and trendy, attractive and appealing. The lighting is warm, you can smell the warm wood in the furniture, the kitchen is within view from the dining area, there is a long table where you can dine elbow to elbow with complete strangers if you so choose, and the bar is packed with people who just came from the financial district as well as stoners who just got out of class from the Academy of Arts. It's a diverse crowd and NOPA welcomes all.A family member took me and a few others here before I knew what to expect. I have never even heard of the place until 30 minutes earlier. For appetizers, we chose the calamari, flatbread, a side of french fries and then another side of fries when we found out how good they were. The calamari was not fried like we expected, but very good. It was a little buttery with a lot of veggies. The squid itself was soft and not at all chewy. Delicious. We each chose a dish, but tried a little of each other's meals. I ordered the cheeseburger without bacon initially, but after being told how good it was, I ordered bacon which they brought out without any wait. The burger was great. It was juicy, made to order and with the freshest ingredients. It also came with pink slices of onion which were very sweet and flavorful. The fries that came with it were some of the better fries I've had. Perfectly crispy, not too salty, not soggy, and the perfect size.I had the best pork chops of my life this night. The chops were huge (probably about 16 oz) and they were supermoist complete with chunks of fat to add that extra flavor. Served with some of the best carrots I've ever had, it was the highlight of the table. Even though I didn't order any for myself, they were so big that I ended up eating half of one that others couldn't finish. I don't remember the names of our desserts, but we had a mango pastry of some sort with a scoop of ice cream that looked like it was made for the cover of Saveur magazine, sopapillas that you pour hot caramel into which are so good that they will make you forget that you just got a $65 parking ticket, and a chocolate souffl. I also ordered coffee that came with a small cup of coarse brown sugar. It was the perfect end to an amazing dinner. The bill for the five of us came to about $300 including tax and tip, so this place is not cheap. I would say it's perfect for special occasions. For this price, you get a much better experience than many other high-end restaurants. I guess the menu changes constantly, so many of the dishes I reviewed will not be there by the time you read this, but it doesn't seem like you can choose a bad dish here if you tried. In conclusion, if you want to spend $100-$140 on a dinner for two, you can't choose a better place than NOPA.
Hey NOPA!!!!I love you like I love Brian Wilson!The love is simply based on pleasure and to begin with eye candy to later on be mouth candy... this is starting to sound dirty... not my attention.Anyhow, I am pretty much a regular here, the staff knows me and I guess in a way I know them too, until the champagne and the OH so yummy espresso martinis start to take over my brain activity.The staff is friendly and knows their stuff, some more than others.The food is always good and not too expensive, the wine list is good and Chris my wine guy is just adorable and also very service minded and knowledgeable.The bartenders are really good and fast.BIG BIG PLUS : late dining.... I love late dining, I love love love love love to get tipsy on good champagne and SATISFIED by good company... OH YEAH Nopa you rock!!!
Hands down one of the best brunch experiences I've had. The bratwurst with poached eggs and spaetzle was amazing and the bloody mary has an interesting twist that I couldn't quite put my finger on but definitely put down my throat.Arrive at 10:30-10:45 and snag a seat at the bar for a couple of bloodies before they start serving food at 11am. Once they "open" the place gets packed quick.
The NOPA phenomenon leaves me scratching my head in puzzlement, but nodding along in complicit agreement, hoping not to cause a scene and partypoop. Kind of like when I felt I was the only kid who didn't understand differential equations...or how to tie my shoes.I've never left NOPA feeling deeply gratified by eating a great meal, but I have left drunk, instantly gratified. I prefer to think of myself as more of a foodie than a lush, but that's a contentious issue.Regarding the latter, NOPA is a very solid bar. Once you can get someone to serve you, the drinks are great (me agrada Old Cuban!), and the community table is a great place to scream your latest exploits to your girlfriends, just keep in mind that the noise level prevents them from actually hearing every little detail....but nothing that a little gesticulation and facial expression cannot cover. Perfect for when your other friends have already heard the ill fated stories of your last date with the biochemist stutterer, how your ex-boyfriend sabotaged a kitten's life, or enter xTrauma here.The former. The food. This is where NOPA doesn't shimmer for me. Always from the get-go, I'm not overly enticed by their entrees. (And I LOVE food.) Perhaps it's the pallor of the popular pork chop (Never White Meat on A Nice Night Out-Joanna mantra No. 212), and the milquetoast flatbread, but I am just not excited here. I think it has something to do with the fact that it tastes like most things I cook/prepare when I'm at home, and I look for a bit more novelty when dining out. I don't know.Thanks to Yelp for letting me know I'm not the only one. Such empathy would have been welcome in my awkward adolescent days, often wondering, "Am I the only one?"
This place is apparently popular, but that can quickly backfire when that success escalates to arrogance. We walked in late Sunday night asking to have coffee/tea and a dessert. We were pointed to the bar which was clearly full, but told by the sharp - tongued host to "take some initiative". With clearly no empty seats at the bar, we sat at one of the nearby empty tables and told a passing waiter we had seated ourselves. Within seconds the host appeared, lectured us on not having a reservation by using a lot of patronizing cliche language (which he seemed very proud of), and made us feel very uncomfortable and unwelcomed. We grabbed our jackets and gladly left. Will never go back.
5 Stars all the way around.Have been to Nopa a handful of times and it is consistently superb. The ingredients are uber fresh, flavors are harmonious and savory, portions are most generous. Full bar ... creative, yummy cocktails.A warm, lively, hip atmosphere. Upstairs seating is especially intimate, with views overlooking the chefs in action.Service is excellent.
I'm a Pisco Sour snob. I've ordered it a few times in San Francisco and usually been disappointed. First I guess I should divulge that I help to host the Gran Sierpe Pisco Party Bus in Miami so I know pisco a little if not a lot better than most. Fortunately, I found Nopa. And at Nopa I found Sam, the quintessential and nicest bartender. Although, a flock of us descended on the bar area Sam was always courteous and helpful. I told him of my past Pisco Sour disappointments but he reassured me this time would be different and it was. Not only was the cocktail pretty, complete with designs in the egg white foam but it was delicious. I had several friends sample and they were all quite taken with it. I then asked Sam about something to snack on and he recommended the flatbread which was delicious and I added some of their amazing looking fries. Both choices were good and I'm really looking forward to returning for a full dinner sometime sooner rather than later. The only down side was the hostess...
Came back and tried more of the menu. We started with 2 apps, the Wood Oven Roasted Sardines and Little Fried Fish and Sauce Romesco, the latter was really good. Thinly battered and nicely fried, served with a delicious complex sauce. For the mains, we shared:Country Pork Chop - Awesome, every bit as delicious as you would imagine from all the hype. They brine the chop so it's moist and tender, and it comes out nicely browned with a beautiful char. Cooked medium, it almost feels like you're eating a steak.Rotisserie Herbed Chicken - Another great prep. The chicken is brined as well and cooked till crispy on the outside but maintaining juiciness from the saltwater soak. Grass Fed Hamburger, Pickled Onions and French Fries - We ordered it without cheese, but opted for bacon. The beef had a very delicate flavor, almost too subtle for my taste. It needed something extra, kinda dry. (Update - get it MEDIUM RARE, it's nice and juicy) Apparently grass fed beef has less marbling than grain fed. But the pickled onions were nice though. The fries are on the thicker side and pretty creamy in the middle. I think I'm partial to thinner fries.Moroccan Vegetable Tagine, Toasted Almonds and Lemon Yogurt was okay and came out quickly with the apps. This was fine to get some roasted veggies in your system but we didn't finish this dish.For dessert we had the Warm Bread Pudding and the Pumpkin Souffl. The former was excellent, but a rather small portion. The one at Nordstrom's Caf is a better deal, and equally good. Pumpkin souffl was okay and a small portion remained until the sweet tooth amongst us polished it off.Great place to go with a group to share some tasty food over LOUD conversation. Probably not the best place for a date though.
This place is pretty damn fancy. Good beers, awesome food and even more awesome dessert. Service could have been a bit better but this place is always packed and busy I am surprised anyone gets service at all.I say if you are trying to go out and have a nice meal and want to pay a lot then you should try it and most likely will walk away full and satisfied.
Going to keep this one simple:Very-high quality food, good attention to detail by a professional waitstaff, truly well-constructed craft beer list, and fun atmosphere, if not a little on the trendy side.I highly recommend the burger if you're undecided.
Visited SF twice in September and because of work obligations we hoped for late-night dining. NOPA hit the spot: spot on. A 10 PM reservation, we cabbed it from our hotel. Upon arrival, the hostess greeted us with all-smiles and took us to our two-top immediately. The decor is simplistic and functional. No matter where you are seated, windows and mirrors allow you to see all the action. The Bar pops vibrantly. The staff, our server AND the owner were overly cordial. The menu changes daily. Prices are far more reasonable than one would imagine. Dress is casual; groups arrive as 6 - 8 peeps and share oversized tables set with candle votives. I will go back often. Hope you enjoy, as well. FYI further, signature cocktails are killer.
Came here on a Thursday night and the place was packed! Luckily we made a reservation almost a month in advance. Make a reservation, the walk in diners looked cramped and hungry from waiting! Had the fried picked beets, burger (good), roasted cod (good, but overpriced) and corn ice cream / cake dessert (yum). All of the food was great, tasty, homey and fresh. I liked the feel of the restaurant; it's open and airy, but makes the noise level high. Service was fine.
Best dining experience of the year. GREAT service! Delicious cocktails, wine and beer!! The food is FABulous!!! Beautiful restaurant! An amazing and hard-working kitchen staff, and great chefs!! Thank you for purchasing the highest quality produce, meats and fish, and then turning it into such delectable dishes. You really can taste the difference.  NOPA rocks!
The Yelpers got it right on this spot. After perusing Yelp looking for a new restaurant to try while in the city - we settled on NOPA based on the solid reviews as well as a few word-of-mouth recommendations. Glad we did.Had an excellent meal with great wines and attentive service. Some menu highlights from the night we went (the menu changes regularly) included a huge, moist pork chop, an excellent pappardelle bolognese, and a duck leg with seasonal vegetable dish.We went on a Sunday night and the place was definitely hoppin (although it was the Sunday of Fleet Week/Blue Angels so that is a busy weekend). The big, open dining room/bar definitely has a lively vibe, but is not so loud that you can't carry a conversation, and a team of servers work together to ensure guests are properly attended to.Would definitely recommend this restaurant to others who are looking for a fun night out with great food.
My boyfriend saw this place on the food network, when Guy Fieri was featuring places that serve interesting things with bacon, and then he insisted that we make a special trip to go try it.We made reservations the day of, which I guess was stupid b/c this place is so popular they take reservations up to a month in advance, thus we ended up having a late dinner.We tried the bacon flatbread which was featured on the food network, and it was absolutely delicious! My boyfriend ordered the pork chop and I indulged in the halibat and both of these choices were absolutely delicious. I always like to get dessert, but I was so satisfied by dinner (which was a first in a long time) that I didn't even look at the dessert menu, although I do wish I snuck a peek.
EAT BRUNCH HERE!I don't care what the old grandpa sitting next to us at the communal table says, Nopa is the place to get a fantastic, standard-priced brunch in SF. Grandpa was allll upset that they wouldn't put a tomato on his burger and that he couldn't believe it was a $12 burger when burger meister or whatever is right across the street. Well, maybe you should order something more interesting since you are at the coolest restaurant around!!I ordered the small size of french toast, a side of bacon and shared an order of their house fries. This was such a good start to my day that i cannot even explain it here. THe service is also very friendly. I can't help it but I am a sucker for touchy, feely waiters.Go here, you won't regret it. Also, the wait is like non-existant compared to the ultra-trendy brunch places. I am sorry, but I do not wait in line for 2 hours for good food. That is why I go to Nopa.
Alright, this is a little overdue, but I went back to NOPA for V-Day after more than a year hiatus (from the restaurant, that is!), and was completely blown away by the roast chicken. You think, "Roast chicken -- eh", but this redefined how I think about chicken. More specifically, it made me want to eat it for dinner every day forward. The meat is plump and juicy, perfectly seasoned, the skin has just the right crispiness and clings to the meat just so. Comes with a delicious side of root vegetables like parsnips, carrots, and I think turnips. I would say better than Zuni's roast chicken (although theirs is nothing to sneeze at!)
NOPA, NOPA, NOPA... How do I love thee? Let me count the ways.1) Love the food.2) Love the wine list (and the gems like Littorai pinot noir).3) Love the well stocked bar (and the well stacked bartenders).4) Love the warm, friendly service.5) Love the late night crowd/scene.6) Love that the full menu is available until 1am!!!!7) Love that the full menu is available until 1am!!!!8) Love that the full menu is available until 1am!!!!9) Love that the full menu is available until 1am!!!!10) Love that the full menu is available until 1am!!!!NOPA, NOPA, NOPA... How do I love thee? Let me count the ways...
It makes me wonder and then smack myself when it feels like a restaurant's been here forever yet I've never ventured into it. I guess that's just the dilemma of living in SF. New restaurants pop up and its just so hard to keep up. But finally, I made a trip here to go after the prized golden Country Pork Chop I had heard so much about.  My friend had the duck breast with the grapefruit (nice pairing) It had good flavor, but the pork chop. Let me just take a moment to resalivate my pallete at the thought of that scrumptious meat that can be mistaken for a steak.  Its got a bone the size of a finger and its packed with juicy goodness of meat at the size of my fist. Oh, and we had the Roasted Calamariwhich was good with the lima beans. nice flavor and starting dish.Atmosphere and open ceiling, love that. I'd say NOPA is the best place in well....nopa and up there in defining the unique flavors spread across SF.
This place catapulted me into the whole new world called Yelp. Please bare with me on this, my rookie post. It probably helped that I was invited by 4 SanFran Yelp members and one SanJose Yelp cousin who swore by this place. So by the end of this glorious meal, they managed to convince me to try this Yelp thing out. On to the food, shall we?Nopa was great! The atmosphere and decor spot on. The restaurant was vibrant, teeming with conversations from every table, but not so loud that 6 hungry people couldn't carry on a normal dialogue. I am told the menu changes daily, but there are some staples like the pork chops and the grass-fed burger. I tried the crustini flat bread appetizer, light & tasty, just right. I ordered the grass-fed burger (medium rare, of course), with pickled onions and herbed potatoes (read french fries). The thick slice of beef dripped wonderful juices out of the bun, and felt all kinds of wonderful as I bit into it. The vegetables morrocan-style was a colorful dish I didn't want to eat, it looked so nice. I saved that for one of the SF Yelp guys, as I was busy savoring my burger. For dessert we shared the trio tart sorbet, malted milk-chocolate ice cream, and my favorite, the burnt honey creme-brulee with earl-gray short-bread cookies; I think I could have eaten about 5 of these. The next time I'm in SF, I'm sure to return and try the pork chops. I know I won't be disappointed.
Good food, not pretentious, extensive wine list, friendly waiters.The pork chop is very juicy and the menu is changed often so you get fresh, in season produce.
30 minutes to find parking, 30 minutes uphill walk in heels, 30 mph winds in 30 degree (or at least it felt like it) weather - worth it? Yes!When I got in and started eating, all was forgiven. Of course this may be due to the fact that said adventure was famishing, but I'll give Nopa the benefit of the doubt. The flatbread - like everyone says was amazzing, the burger was good, and their desserts were totally worth the calories. The service was top notch - really - there was never a crumb in front of me for more than 2 seconds. 4 stars because I think the burger does have room for improvement.Definitely get a reservation if you want to go on a weekend - unless you don't mind eating at literally midnight, and leave plenty, plenty of time to find parking.
This place was crowded and difficult to get to the bar but the drinks were good and the food was really good and easy to share.
This place is awesome. We dined on a Tuesday night at 11pm, because that was their only reservation slot available for two people same day. Nonetheless, the place was packed (as usual).We split a bunch of dishes, including the fried pickled beets, french fries, sausage flatbread, and halibut. ALL were delicious! We also had some excellent white wines by the glass.Our server was attentive and unobtrusive. Overall, excellent. I will return!
My meal at NOPA was incredible. A good friend made reservations for 6 a month in advance for when a group of us were going to be on the west coast. I'm not sure normal lead times for reservations, a month may be excessive for reservations but this place in popular and crowded. I wouldn't try walking in without a reservation on weekends.The space is well laid out, the restaurant is in one, very high ceiling'd room with an open kitchen in the back. Most of the seating is on the ground floor but there is a small upstairs section that looks out over the restaurant. We were lucky enough to sit in the back of the upstairs loft and overlooked the kitchen. I couldn't tell you what anyone at our table was talking about because I was too busy watching the cooks...well cook.I'll make a blanket statement here and just say that all the food we ate was delicious. Below is all of the food we sampled:-Warm Goat Cheese, Pickled Beets, Frise and Crostini (we ordered 2, who knew that warm goat cheese was so good)-Pork chop-Duck (unfortunately, I don't think this is on the menu any longer)I'd recommend the duck to anyone. It was cooked perfectly and wonderful. It was served with a foie gras moose on a crostini that capped the meal perfectly.I think the service was a little slow. Could have been the fact the place was packed or that we were upstairs but I'll let it slide. For all the food we had and a few bottles of wine, dinner was about $60 a person excluding tip. Well worth it.NOPA can be reached by cab in about 5 minutes from Union Square. I think the 71 bus can get you close as well. I'd just cab it.
i've been to NOPA twice now and it did not disappoint, other than the fact that the 2 appetizers we wanted ran out by the time we were seated for our reservation. I've loved every appetizer i've tried. the Pork Chop and Rotisserie Chicken may be the best i've ever had. The service is just the way i like it, always there, but not to the point that you really notice, if that makes any sense.you can spend a pretty penny here, but the quality of the food is worth it.my only complaint is that servers should warn that most of the meat is served med rare to medium, including the pork chop. Great, fine, im into it, but i think my father nearly freaked out when i cut into a rare squab. im still alive.
Wonder food! Wonderful service! Kudos to all.
This is pretty much an institution in SF for eating/foodies. Great food. Pork chops are a hit. The burger is good as well (and so are the fries). And I'm a fan of the flatbread. The sturgeon salad that we got last time was also very tender and flavorful.Some of the drinks have small serving sizes, but they're all good. Many different choices. They also have Stranahan's Colorado Whiskey, which is nearly impossible to find in most places. I asked for it neat, with a little bit of water, and they gave me a 2 ml beaker of water for me to add to my liking.Parking is an issue, and so is the crowd if you don't have reservations. But totally worth it.
I had the pork chop, medium. It was tender and great. Came with a healthy side. My girlfriend had the trout, it was perfectly cooked and moist. She doesn't usually finish all her food, but she actually stuffed herself since it was good. We also had fries which were simple, yet delicious.The waitress was friendly and suggested me to the lock cocktail, tastes great for rum connoisseurs.The atmosphere is great and it didn't feel cramped, I definitely will come back again. :)
Long overdue review: Came here after Opera in the Park with the two Js. Had been wanting to come here for a while (and was even thwarted when JF and I had attempted to dine there one night a week prior). We ordered:Wood Baked Lima Beans, Tomato, Feta, Oregano and BreadcrumbsWood Roasted Calamari, Chorizo, Chickpeas and EndiveFrench Fries and Genovese Basil AioliPan Roasted Halibut, Sweet Corn, Kalamata Olives RapenseCountry Pork Chop, Fresh Butter Beans and Grilled Gala ApplesEverything was delicious, with the aioli (I practically licked the little container clean) and pork chop being particular standouts. Reasonably priced too. Drinks and dessert (we ordered the Early Fall Apple Crisp with "Smoke and Whiskey" Ice Cream) were unremarkable... maybe we ordered the wrong thing? Overall a solid 4/5. I'd recommend NOPA to friends.
Death at Dusk.Now that is how I would like to die.I never thought of myself as a cocktail lover, I always felt a tad Neanderthal and intimidated about it all. I'm a pretty basic gal with basic loves. A good lager. A good Guinness. Vodka & tonic. A sincere lover. Fancy confuses me and leads to drama.But yesterday the Mayor of your city took me here and woah. I was a tad stressed but once that absinthe, mixed with Creme de Violette and popping with sparking wine with a brandied cherry I realised why folks go crazy for cocktails. It was like a rainbow of taste bud explosions in my watering mouth. Yeah Death at Dusk is how I want to go out.
I finally got to experience this place last night - what the hell look me so long!!?? Delicious. Amazing. You should make reservations tonight. NOPA is beautiful inside....you feel hip, trendy, cozy, excited, happy and are already planning your trip back soon. YUM to:pork chopseared duck - pared perfectly with broccoli, shrooms and potatoes (my fav)rotisserie chickenSave room for dessert or just make it fit, the chocolate souffle - orgasmic. Extra points:*FULL BAR! Score.*Nice staff - after I spilled my water and my friend broke his wine glass it was fixed almost instantly*SEA SALT!*Huge wine list*gorgeous bathrooms (I know, i'm weird, but i'm into these things)
NOPA is not in napa!Manzanita cocktail reminds me of a peaty scotch...Flat bread is so simple yet so delicious...Gruyere bacon burger is fantastic..Pork chops tastes like bacon!crme brle.. enuf said...PERIOD!We will be seein' ya!;D
I feel so "industry" when I was there on Sunday night.They have a great vibe even during off-peak dining hours. Luv the fact that they have efficient bus staff that ooze "I'm-gonna-be-a-chef" vibe.When the people that clear the tables emote TALENT, you know that the staff is clearly up to something spectacular
It lives up to the hype. Nopa could be charging a lot more for the food they sell. But they don't.The waitstaff can tell you what farm almost everything on the menu came from.Bourbon selection is top notch. Pork Chop is one of the best available anywhere. Worst thing about the restaurant is trying to get a reservation.
Nearing 2000 reviews... what else can I add? Well for one, I don't give a lot of 5 stars. I might take one back if I go back and it's not as good but I had a great experience.No wait because we decided to sit at the bar.Bartender Sam kept smiling even though it was busy as Hell, was fast and gave good recommendations.Food: awesome, yumWine: awesome, slurpService: awesome, high five(yeah, well, I ain't Michael Bauer)I think they change the menu often but we had the Goat Cheese salad, the Cod and the Lamb. Went super well with their Rose.Yes, a bit loud but if you want quiet, stay home.There.
An hour and a half wait for a table. Sure, put our names on. We spot a bar across the street and drink bourbon. I get a call an hour and 45 minutes later. "Your table is ready".We sit. We are starving, and we have places to go. We tell the waiter we want all of our orders together. Flat bread, rabbit and the chocolate souffle. Yes, together. 20 minutes later I am mixing rabbit and chocolate souffle and washing it down with a chardonnay. Interesting combo. Strange, but it worked.
Great atmosphere. If you're looking to impress your lady (or gent), come here and make reservations early. This place gets crowded.After perusing Yelp, I had to get this famous porkchop. It's good...but that's pretty much it, good. Overall good food, great presentation, and awesome vibe.Oh, and order the Cocchi Cup. Nice and refreshing drink. It satisfies the craving for a good cocktail that isn't too girly but isn't too aggressive.
The best thing to happen on Divisadero for many years!
Went without a reservation. So we had to stand at the bar to eat. Lol ghetto. But then we got seats towards the end at the bar. We had the pork chop (4/5) - its a very asian tasting dishPoached Farm Egg, Roasted Fingerling Potatoes, Spring Onions and Romesco (5/5)Sopaipillas - Cinnamon Caramel Sauce (3.5/5) - i wouldnt get it if you have two people. its really sweet. i would get it if i had 4 people in my party. cus it comes with 5 square donut things. its alot of food. decor is so nice there.
NOPA cocktails and flatbreads are so delish! Other dishes have been good too. But those are the two items that stay on my mind...They change their menu often (daily??) so I can't remember which ones I've tried... but I have yet to try one I haven't liked! I'm not so found of their beer selection though, and would rather go down the street to have one at one of the many nearby bars... (there's a lot!)The place is crowded, daily.. so don't go hungry! I've typically encountered a wait time of 45min - 2hours. But the service is awesome once you do get seated =)Parking can be difficult sometimes, especially if there's something going on at The Independent (so please don't drive! You'll be taking valuable parking spaces away from me =P).
Love their pork chops! Great quality , delicious food and not over priced! Good portions too.
I visited Nopa for the third time this past friday and again, it did not disappoint. The first time I went there was an older man with two escorts. My friend has given me slack for this comment but I know an escort when i see one. These two were super-duper classy. It made for an interesting dinner. We played mystery science theater 3000 with them. Very entertaining!   Nopa has the full package. The staff is wonderful, everyone, I mean every last one of them. They work as a team and it is evident they enjoy their job. On our way out our waiteress, bus boy, hostess, and two runners said goodbye to us. I ordered the short ribs and my mom ordered the tortellini. The short ribs fell, I mean fell, off the bone. It was on top of lemon risotto, which by the way was addicting. I also enjoyed the tortellini. But you should be warned it is not your traditional Italian tortellini. The dough is more like a potsticker in thickness and texture. Either way it was just as good. The rice pudding was good but super heavy and thick, almost like a bread pudding. Ask the waitress for advice on after dinner drink pairings. She did not let me down! The pot de creme was more like chocolate pudding. It wasn't my favorite, you may want to experiment with another dessert choice. At Nopa you don't just pay for the food, you pay for the whole experience and it is worth it!
I haven't been here in a while, and a few of us decided to meet up here for food and drinks, since its been awhile.Blood and Orange - the first drink I've ever had that really introduced me to the concept of "quality mixologists". This bourbon based drink is so freaking delicious, and this is my favorite cocktail from Nopa.Piscos - Nice, foamy, and sour sweet... not sure how its supposed to taste, since this was the first time I had a pisco, but this was really good and refreshing.Pork Chop - slightly pink in the middle but don't let that discourage you... you can eat pork that way. This was probably the best pork chop I've ever had in my life. Yeah, I haven't ordered it in awhile so this is a long overdue order, but damn it was that memorable. My only gripe is that its pretty expensive, but it is such a great cut of pork...Fries w/ Aioli - really good. They don't give you enough Aioli though... for thicker cut fries, these are really delicious. I'm a fan of thin/shoestring fries, so I'm normally really biased with french fries... but these were cooked perfect and salted just right. It had a crisp outer texture, with a soft inner texture, and was not oily at all.Flatbread - not gonna lie, the gruyere won me over as far as ordering this dish. When it came out, I was a bit discouraged, as it looked more like a salad on top of flat bread, but the flavors were very nice. The escarole provided a nice contrast to the sausage... the cheese was light and thinly spread, which helped maintain the crisp texture of the flat bread. The sausage is just spicy enough to add a boost of flavor, but I wouldn't consider it spicy...Burger - get it medium rare... this was the first medium rare burger I've ever ordered. While I've had other burgers, and this one is no longer the best... its pretty damn good. It priced well for a bistro style burger, and the size is nice. Father's Office still slays all, though.Overall, very good food, with some being more expensive than others. While some of the entrees are a bit pricey, they never compromise on quality.
This places lives up the hype. Brunch was excellent and worth the hour wait. Our waiter was friendly and very helpful. Although, I would skip the hot chocolate if you go for brunch. It is nothing special.
New to the city, Nopa was THE first restaurant I had the pleasure to dine at thanks to a food enthusiast my sister is currently dating. We began with a mixture of poached egg, tasso spiced ham, lacinato kale and butternut squash which had a light balsamic flavoring. Very light but yet heart thanks to the egg and ham. Following that was the fennel sausage flatbread with spring pickled onions, crescenza and mizuna greens. The bread was perfectly prepared. Crunchy, soft, and cooked all the way through in the center. I wasn't feeling too exotic this evening and the waiter mentioned that their burgers were a solid choice. He was right. Not a WOW burger but definitely a great bite. Once again pickled onions to garnish the grass fed burger. It was a bit over cooked, given the patty had shrunk to come no where near the edge of the bun unfortunately. Overall, I'll definitely return. Ambiance that invites you to sit and talk for hours even though the waiters seem to wait to turn your table a bit quicker.
I had two days of going anywhere I wanted with my Awesome friends and I chose NOPA. Always great food and great wine and most of all awesome atmosphere. We split the short ribs and the pork chops and I loved both (Short ribs more though :D) My friends had the burger and that looked delicious as well. Can't wait to go back. OH HOW I MISS SF!
I'm very confused by this restaurant. It is #1 on Eater SF's essential 38 and I have to say that after years of great Eater reviews, I'm now questioning the credibility. To begin with, it took me awhile to get a reservation. In fact, I made the reservation an entire month in advance at 9 am(the first day you can actually make reservations) and the only available times were 6:30 pm and earlier and after 9 pm. Huh? So, this restaurant is THAT popular that all the reservation times between 6:30-9 pm were taken before 9 am the day reservations open up? RIGHT!Anyway so 1 month later, we arrive at the restaurant, get seated promptly and get a complete douche as our waiter. He tells us about how we should order something with gin because their gin is from Mt. Tam and that's like totally awesome. RIGHT! Mt Tam? No thanks. We mention something about the heat in the restaurant (wear as little clothes as possible because this restaurant is literally a sauna), and he says to us "this isn't the type of place to have A/C". LOL. What does that mean?So we are sitting. 30 minutes goes by after we put in our drink order and we are VERY THIRSTY!!! Finally some other waiter comes to us and asks if we are being helped, and maybe 10 minutes later our drinks finally arrive and we put in our dinner order.Next - the food. We ordered the Tagine, the chicken, and the parpadelle pasta. Food = just average. I just don't get it. It wasn't anything special and maybe one step above anything you can get any average American chain restaurant.Unfortunate, as this restaurant is right by my place but if you're in the area I recommend going to Bar Crudo or Wine Kitchen instead.
I guess I can see why all my friends like it and gave it five stars. Next time I have to try it when it's not 1:45 AM and not when I'm half asleep/fully tired. Definitely have awesome staff and the restaurant looks great. The one thing that I really liked was--oh wait. I don't remmeber. I was so tired.. even with all the noise. Sorry my review didn't really help you. This really isn't a review huh? Am I going to get flagged?We got plates to share. The porkchops were good I guess. I didn't do the salt thing that my friend told me to do. Oops, didn't realize it. I didn't like the duck breast. Too chewy and I don't like duck. I don't remember names of the other plates but we had a salad that was too bitter for me. We had small fried fish which I thought was okay. We also ordered a pasta plate.. which I bet was good.. if I had more than half a pasta noodle with it.Sometimes sharing food served in small portions doesn't work. It's really made for 1-2 people.. not 5.
Came here post-Outside Lands on a Sunday night with another couple local to the area that hadn't attended the festival. A lot of food lip service has been paid to this place and I thought it was pretty cool that an upscale joint does a full menu late night dinner, so I wanted to check it out while I was in SF. Thank God we made a 10:30 pm reservation--this hipster haven was PACKED wall-to-wall with people wanting to dine on fancyish fare all the while pretending like they couldn't care less what they were eating. The wait for a table for two without a reservation at that time was 60 to 90 minutes. Yikes.We were quickly ushered to a booth on the first floor. Got a flatbread, the marinated olives and a goat cheese app to start with. This was obviously awhile ago, and I've already forgotten what the flatbread featured. So, it ostensibly wasn't THAT memorable, but I recall being impressed by the flatbread's flavors.Wine list was fairly extensive but rampant with significant price gouging, as far as the ones I recognized. We got a Rhone blend--it was too light-bodied for my taste, but the rest of the table was appeased. The entire cocktail list was fairly adventurous and fun. If I go back, I will stick to the hard liquor for my dinner libations.For the mains, between the four of us we had the burger, the half chicken (unless roasted chicken is REALLY well done, this is something I never order at restaurants, especially one that's so trendy), the duck in a terrine and the pork chop. All of the food was well cooked (the duck impressively so, in particular), and the burger looked amazingly juicy, but it wasn't bomb enough to keep me from practically falling asleep at the table after a longgg day. People rave about NOPA's pork chop, but I didn't see the big deal, and I am fairly obsessed with the swine. I think the one served at Jar down in LA, for instance, is substantially better. I did, however, really enjoy the integration of in season peaches with the dish. Perhaps I shouldn't have had that Boxcar (? something car) cocktail before starting in on the wine? I don't know, I just wasn't wowed.We were told it was a "slow night" even though everything seemed chaotic. I would have hated to see our server on a quicker moving night. Very slow on the draw with the drink refilling. Our food seemed to take quite awhile as well. Probably needless to say, but we didn't end up sticking around for dessert.All that being said, I'd still go back because there were a lot of other dishes on the menu that sounded interesting. But, considering the buzz surrounding this place, can't help but feel I was a bit let down.
Excellent drinks, impeccable service, so-so food.As expected, completely packed on a Monday night but we didn't have to wait long for seats at the bar (which I preferred, given how nice the bartenders were). I ordered:Cocktail: I don't remember the name but it was amazing. It had egg whites, half and half, and something wonderfully aromatic and floral tasting. Like a really light milkshake.Flatbread w/ broccolini, cheese, and asparagus. This was ok; I was a fan of the garlic powder and thin crust. We got this sans bacon so I'm sure that's why it tasted a bit lacking. Portion was big for 2. They switch up the veggies on the menu regularly.Baked purple beans. This is a staple of the menu; like the flatbread, they change the type of beans but the concept of baked beans in a casserole dish w/ cheese and bread crumbs remains the same. I quite liked this; tasted like chili. Rotisserie herbed chicken: this was really disappointing; totally bland and the squash was overcooked. Not a fan of the accompanying salad and cream sauce. Will I be back? Definitely for drinks, not for food.
No questions, great atmosphere, very good attentive service, girls at the door could be happier ( I understand they are tired and busy, but i like to be greeted with a smile)Food... hm... little disappointingNo salt on the table... are they that confident? Flat bread - good, nothing special.Warm goat cheese appetizer - good, perfect freeze salad on a side.Wood baked Lima beans with tomato, feta, oregano, and breadcrumbs - not much flavor, plane, something was missing... salt?French fries - okay, aioly on a side - nothing special, no punch, no flavor, bland.Green beans side dish - were stringy and tasted like old people smell, bland.Broccoli side - I'd prefer it to be cooked a little more to remove stringiness, and, again, touch of salt.Halibut - not going to tell anything, only that they did not charge us for it. Pork chop - the highlight of the evening, one of the best I have ever had, perfect combination with side peach and corn.Creme brulee - very good.Come on guys, use some salt or at least have it on the table, and fill those cool pepper mills with peppercorns.
Alohas!Service was SO fast, food was SO excellent, .  .  .totally 4got to ask for basket of luscious-looking sourdough round that I spied leaving another table. [alas & sigh] We were there 3 hr!Needless-2-say, the whole place was full and aBUZZ by 8 p.m.There were no over-salted meats at our table (as previously other-reviewed). Desserts were just-decadent-Pre-guilt excellent. -and an EVIL strong Dbl espresso!reserve for next week,C
Burger. So fricking good! Everything good! Go now!
Sat upstairs in this high-ceilinged, sleek tavernesque restaurant. The energy was much more mellow upstairs (which was fine by me) as opposed to the very energetic downstairs dining area adjacent to a vibrant bar scene. From the second floor you can also peer into the kitchen and watch as they prepare the food in their wood-fired grill/oven.For starters we had a shared salad which was simple yet refreshing and an order of the little fried fish. The fish battered and fried that day were smelt. It was a fantastic appetizer, perfectly crispy on the outside and warm, moist and flavorful fish on the inside. We were also presented with an amuse bouche of sorts which I can only describe as being similar to a large thin crouton with a spread on top and served alongside some sea salt. It was delicious.Main entrees were the pork chop with grilled figs, greens, topped with mustard seed vinaigrette and the rotisserie herbed chicken with watermelon (of the red and yellow variety), fried chickpeas and other garnishments brightening up the plate. The portions were generous to say the least. The pork chop was all it was cracked up to be -- savory, flavorful and tender like a great ribeye steak cooked medium. The rotisserie chicken was pretty darn amazing in its own right. Perfectly cooked, moist and juicy meat throughout, and excellently seasoned crispy skin that retained the smokey wood-fired flavor from its time spinning in the rotisserie. I'm probably one of the very few people in the world that does not like watermelon, but the pieces of watermelon served with the chicken was so good. In all honesty I was a little apprehensive when ordering the rotisserie chicken because I love Costco's rotisserie chicken. It's ridiculously cheap ($5) and consistently good. I suppose I didn't want to be disappointed by an order of rotisserie chicken at nearly four times the price regardless if it is "organic" as opposed to Costco's chickens which are eerily all the exact same size and shape. Luckily NOPA came through with one of the best tasting rotisserie chickens I've ever had.There were a few desserts to choose from, a couple of them piqued my interest, but finally decided on the brown butter cake served alongside olive oil ice cream and pluots. The brown butter cake was quite good, the olive oil ice cream sounded off-putting initially, but the olive oil flavor was very subtle and actually complemented the moist brown butter cake very well. The pluots added an extra dimension of sweetness to the dessert.Service was good and food came out quicker than I would have thought.Took home some of the pork chop and rotisserie chicken home in a doggy bag because it was a lot of food. Still delicious the day after.
All around underwhelmed by NOPA.Came with 4 friends, and nobody's dishes blew me away. In general, the dishes here are good, not great, and nothing was bursting with flavor. Here's the rundown: Baked Goat Cheese w/ Roasted Beets and Crostini - 4.5 stars, best thing we had all nightBaked White Beans - 3.5 stars, good not great Calamari w/ Roasted Cauliflower - 3 stars, blandHousemade Tagliatelle - 3 stars, very bland (best pasta and Tagliatelle in the city is at Perbacco!)Vegetable Tagine - 3.5 stars, very underwhelmingPork Chop w/ Brussels Sprouts - 4 stars, the other best thing at the table. Yes, it was probably the best pork chop I've ever had, but I don't really ever order pork chop...The brussels sprouts were great!Duck - 3.5 stars, again, pretty plainFor a place w/ 4 stars and 2,000 reviews, NOPA was pretty much a disappointment...
Got to NOPA at 11:30 on a tuesday after a show and while the place was packed we still managed to get a quiet little table off to the side. I feel like I have to say something about the service here, even before the food, because it was stellar. The servers were attentive without hovering and incredibly polished and choreographed despite being super busy. It didn't hurt that our particular server was adorable and really friendly. I rarely walk out of a place thinking I want to hang out with the people who work there but that certainly happened here.We ordered the little fried fish with romesco and they were delightful. The romesco was flavorful and not oversalted, which I feel happens a lot. The little bowl of salt flakes supplied is both useful and fun to sprinkle to ones taste on the little fish, which were far superior to Anchor and Hope's "fries with eyes." They were crispy yet light and perfectly cooked. I ordered the housemade tagliatelle with braised pork and chanterelles, and the pasta was so nicely cooked--all the ingredients stood out on their own while still combining to make a really fresh-tasting and surprisingly light pasta dish. I never order pasta because it tends to be heavy and I'm almost always disappointed but this was a revelation.My friend ordered the pork chop because he felt I needed to try it and wow. It was beautifully seared on the outside and juicy and almost falling apart at the yummy pink center.I gluttonously finished with the warm caramelized apples with bourbon and smoke ice cream and bacon brittle, and holy shit. If I had to pick one dessert to eat for the rest of my life, this would be in the top three contenders. Yes, the combination is trendy, but there's a reason people are all over sweet/savory bacon flavors and that's because it's GODDAMN DELICIOUS.I'm extremely excited about coming back here. I want to stay out late more often just so I have an excuse to come here all the time without looking obsessive.
This is my favorite restaurant in SF. It's really hard to get in though, so don't try if you aren't (a) patient or (b) a planner with a reservation.I enjoy sitting at the bar to eat (even though people waiting may glare at you as they wish they were you), and I also enjoy sitting upstairs, perched above the kitchen. Sometimes you will go home smelling a bit like kitchen smoke, but it's all part of the authentic SF dining experience. I love watching the chefs from above, like a bird.I highly recommend the burger, as well as the pork chop. Their cocktails are also fantastic! Friendly waiters with lots of ink. I still need to try their brunch, but I'm sure it's delicious.
Hungry on a late night Tuesday? No matter what night you come here, this place is always bustling with people and the food is as good as it gets for under $30. If you dont have a reservation, you can order food from the bar or wait for seats at the common table to open up. They start you off with a little taste, usually a bite-size crostini paired with a unique spread (made up that day) and some sea salt. Start off with the warm goat cheese crostini or the fried little fish. Hands down the best burger I've had in San Francisco. I've been to Spruce, Burger Bar, Barney's, (still looking for a better burger). Not feeling like a burger? Get the Roasted Chicken, another hands down best I've ever had. Chicken is usually boring and I rarely order it because it's so easy to make but Nopa has really got this dish down. With the late night hours, the mixologists working the bar, and the reasonably priced main dishes, this is the best place for a dinner or a late night bite in Hayes Valley.
Went for a simple late-night dinner after a show at Yoshi's. Where else can you get a world-class dinner after midnight? I'm used to greasy diners (hello IHOP) and crappy pizza joints. But to get some of the best food in the city after most people have gone to sleep? Amazing. Apart from the great food, the late hours could be best part of Nopa.I've been craving, CRAVING, Nopa since moving out west. I finally made it, and it was excellent. We went simple, with fennel sausage flatbread and baked calamari to start, and a couple burgers. The flatbread was my favorite part-- fennel sausage, rapini, pickled onions, some cheese...it was great. Even the bread was amazing.Of course, all the rest of the meal was fantastic. The burger was perfectly cooked, and for only $13 is probably the best deal on the menu. The atmosphere was great. It's a cool, big space, and even at such a late hour (it was well after midnight when we finished), the place was still bumping. I love that. Cannot wait to return.
Wonderful meal and drinks on a Sunday evening. We grabbed drinks at one of the communal tables then were seated at a two seater upstairs overlooking the kitchen. The bean appetizer dish is great, hearty yet fine taste. We had the pork tenderloin and halibut w lemon aioli. Halibut is a light and refined, pork rich and delectable, both great choices.
NOPA is such a wonderful establishment. It is run with love, all love. The nourishment starts with the owners, passed on to the kitchen staff, passed on to the food, where the customer is nourished with love. Check out the interview with Chef/Owner, Chef Laurence Jossel, on Joonbug: joonb.ug/z9y
Everything I tried here was really good- have had both dinner and brunch, and have always enjoyed myself. Although the food may not be the cheapest meal you'll have, it's definitely worth the money as you can tell the quality of the ingredients and the dish itself.Of all I've had, I've loved the burger the most. I'm a bang-for-you-buck kind of girl, and there is nothing like having a quality, thick, juicy medium rare burger with a side of fresh cut fries. The Gruyere cheese is perfectly melted, the pickles are actually pickled cucumbers.... yum...... And, it will only set you back about $13 (not including tip and tax.)
Overall, I enjoyed our meal at NOPA. I had the steak and it was HUUUUGE. I couldn't finish it but it made for a great second meal so I got two for the price of one kinda deal. We ordered the roasted olives, the flatbread and the whitebeans for the table to start. All of the above - yum! All we needed was more bread to dip in that roasted garlic olive oil that was in the roasted olives. Man that was good. The whitebeans did not last long. I think my husband ate the whole thing because I only had a bite. We were also with two other people...sorry guys.Anyway, what I really enjoyed was the helpful waitstaff. Everyone was nice, friendly, knowledgeable, and attentive. Overall, an enjoyable dining experience.
NOPA doesn't have enough reviews so I thought I would add my opinion about the place... I came here late night with a few of my Yelp friends to mingle on a Friday night. This place get busy, down and dirty! It has a great atmosphere and nice decor. We ordered a flatbread, burger, and a couple of desserts. They all looked amazing. I tasted the two dessert dishes and they were really good. They went pretty well with my french pressed coffee with raw sugar.NOPA is worth a look see!
Super fan of the brunch and the bar top:-) In full disclosure, I am a bar top gal! Not sure what that says about me.....BUT this is another fave! The bartenders are true tenders and will seek to make eye contact (if no seats avail), so they can hand you a menu upon stepping into the bar! Whaaaat?! Now that is service! Brunch was fantastic! Everyone was ordering the french toast....SO I didn't! I'll just assume it is good (and on the 7x7 list), so will try next time. BFF and I had the grilled bread, smoked trout and soft scramble. Grilled bread- alone the bread was good, with the butter and pumpkin spread...DELICIOUS! (but really... pumpkin anything on bread)Smoked trout- This is a must have! Farmer's cheese w/chives and watermelon radishes. A little this and that...every bite was just right!Soft scramble was fresh, light and just slightly less boring than it sounds:-) My fault for being healthy. Last, wine by the glass list is perfect. Will def be back stalking the bar top!
Happened to drop in spontaneously last Friday at 7:30p with friends and there were spots at the communal table so grabbed those. We had some watermelon starters that tasted as if they had been dipped in fish sauce. Had allergic reaction afterwards. S had the burger & fries; N had a crostini and salad; I had the lima beans & fries. The food was ok though N preferred to have regular bread over crostini with her dip and to tell you the truth, I didn't enjoy the lima beans b/c the dish smelled like pizza (too cheesy for me). Drink wise, N had two "Old Cubano's" which apparently were yummy. What really impressed me were two things: 1. Service: Eric, our server (cute with his rectangular glasses and brown hair falling over one eye) was overburdened by having the responsibility of the entire communal table AND single front tables (by 8:30p it was packed). Despite this, he was CONSTANTLY patient, cheerful and courteous. I had originally ordered a broccoli dish but changed my mind when he recommended the lima beans. The food took over an hour to arrive and when it did, I was served broccoli instead of lima beans. I spoke to Eric and he told me that the broccoli was on the house and that the lima beans will follow asap. Very nice of him. Despite the crowd, Eric checked on us several times to ask how we were doing. 2. Bathrooms: There were TWO individual rooms for both men and women's (total of four) and they were clean at the beginning of our night and clean at the end of our night. Final impressions: Good place to have easy conversation with friends. Generous portions. Reasonable prices. I've been eating at organic restaurants (Delfina, Camino, Canteen, Bar Jules) lately so perhaps that has affected my palate. I would return again and tell the server up front that I was allergic to seafood, spicy food so would hopefully avoid the severe attack of itching afterwards.
I'll be up front: I wasn't exactly sober when I sauntered into this place two-bars-deep into our company picnic after party. One might even say I was 'tipsy.' So you'll have to forgive me if I omit details, add details or slander someone. Anyway, some salient points in the foggy haze of my night's memory: the crisp and hot fries served with a green aioli that must have been siphoned from God's Cadillac itself (assuming the vehicles of the Gods run on aioli). I also remember a delicious and huge pork chop cooked to perfection and dropped in front of my face. Superb.I particularly enjoyed the cavernous atmosphere of NOPA, which even late on a weeknight rumbled with a boisterous din. At the time however, I'm sure I just remarked that it was pretty damn loud. There's nothing quite like this place where I live. Hope to come back soon!Obligatory Title Pun: NO PA-roblemo.Menu Readability: Was there a menu? I think I just inhaled sharply and said "pork chop."Need to mention: Considering a crowd of oiled up yelpers just plowed in here without warning, the servers were pretty nonchalant and pro about it.What this place teaches me about myself: When I've been drinking my memory suffers somewhat.
It's a rainy morning just running up to Christmas. My boyfriend and I are going for a jog to get a head start on a healthy New Year's habit. We set our sights on just over a mile to get brunch at NOPA- a place he has yet to try, but I've enjoyed once before with friends. By the time we get there, past two inclines and a steady downpour, I'm informed there will be a 45 min wait for a table without a reservation. It's always a surprise this large space is packed even though SF should be vacated and the gloomy drizzle would typically douse my plans for brunch. We agree to the wait, and take our time visiting the new Four Barrel (The Mill) and the new Rare Device. We can appreciate the remix on the Mission. Back at NOPA, our table is finally ready and we are ushered upstairs in our soaked running shorts and hoodies. I'm pleasantly warmed that none of the wait staff gives us the once-over-eye-rolling we probably deserve for bringing the rain indoors. I love the view immediately. Seeing everyone's dish and being able to guess which drinks and dishes are being fired and sauced deserves a Bingo card. Service is attentive and I thoroughly enjoy the cornmeal biscuit with the pumpkin butter- a splurge I hadn't planned. My boyfriend specially requests a side of the crispiest-possible bacon alongside his soft scramble. I opt for the sausage and poached affair. Then we wait. We chat about the lively atmos and how the drinkware glass is untraditionally thick almost making my lips trip over the edge. And we wait... neighboring tables get served and our drinks replenished, and we go over our plans for the weekend, our family gossip.. And then we ask about our dishes. It will be coming soon- it must be the extra crispy bacon that is taking all the time. I'm seeing burgers and soft scrambles assembled with care below, but none of them find their way to our table.Our waiter is apologetic, and I see the kitchen is not slacking. The communal table is filled, and the reservation-makers continue to pour in on time. Still, it's been about another 40 min and while we are not going to starve, Zero is starting to look like an understandable tip. Rounding out 45minutes, I can see a freshly fired sausage laid atop greens, and perfectly poached eggs dropped alongside. The soft scramble is paired and they are marched quickly to our table.We ate it all and loved it. He raved about the bacon, and I have to say that I loved having my yolk run into the bit of broth to mix with the flavorful sausage and rice. The tipping controversy was mitigated by the more than gracious comp on our bill presented by first our waiter then once again by the manager. It was unexpected and thoughtfully delivered. While we would have enjoyed the food just the same, we wouldn't have left with the same motivation to recommend. The biscuit, bacon, scramble, sausage, and wild rice helped us garner more gravitational pull for the downhill run back home. Thank you NOPA. Happy holidays :)
Rated for the bar only: BLUE BOTTLE coffee in ALCOHOL form doth "Blue Bottle Cocktail."It's like iced coffee w/a major caffeine buzz and a boozilicious kick...it's like a super well-refined version of a mudslide.And The Pisco Sour is mighty lip smacking, too. It DOES indeed taste like a key lime pie. But you gotta drink it fast or else it gets too sweet I think.All in all: Blue Bottle Cocktail!
NOPA is NOPATASTIC!!!!Eclectic, fresh, and all around Giddy Good!We ordered the flatbread, pork chop, and duck breast and have only one thing to say.....WOW. What makes this place so special in my mind is the ambience, loft style layout, the people, and daily changing menu. This restaurant is just unpretentious charming! Dine here for an experience you wont forget.
So, I've been looking for a restaurant worthy of dedicating Usher's song lyrics to. NOPA, *cheers*, this is for you:"Got me like, ooh myy god I'm soo in loveI found you finallyy, you make me want to sayOhh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,Ohh myy god"Now that that's outta my system...onto the review:The bf & I have a tendency to eat *really, really* late which means limited options at 11:45 pm (pretty much the taqueria or starve.) As much as I love Mexican food, I wanted to try someplace new that didn't involve neon lights last night.NOPA used to be a bank. It even looks like a bank from the outside. And it is huge inside; High ceilings, 20 foot windows, two floors. The bf & I commented it would be nice for all SF restaurants to be even half this size. Foods:* amuse bouche: pluots w/ a balsamic glaze & sea salt * fries for our appetizer: possibly one of the best fry I've had the pleasure of eating. Crispy, potatoey & served with an organic ketchup & a creamy garlic aioli.* pork chop for the bf: being a steak man through & through, he was a little disappointed at the lack of beef items on the menu, so he got the 2nd best thing. Gigantic portion, nice searing on the outside, salted & juicy. * half a rotisserie herb chicken for me: accompanied by a knockout romesco sauce. * side of polenta w/ blue cheese, bread crumbs & cherries: I am a polentaholic. If it's on the menu, I'm getting it. Generally, I'm not a cheese fan (esp blue cheese) but it was light & non offensive in this baked dish. I would get this again & again.* trio of sorbet w/ chocolate espresso macaron: creme fraiche, strawberry cava & a nectarine. It was difficult to pick a dessert b/c everything on the menu stood out. We ordered the trio at our waiter's recommendation & he did not steer us wrong.* Total $71 not including tipNOPA's use of seasonal fruits in savory dishes (i.e. grilled nectarines w/ the pork chop) enhanced already complex & layered flavors. We noticed there was no salt on the table; the food is so well seasoned, it doesn't need it. Sitting across the table from the person you are most comfortable with, sharing gossip, stories & delicious New American food--it's the most perfect thing to do when the rest of the world is sleeping.
First time to sf. And the best service since I've been here. They know all about customer service. Friendly, accommodating, and very knowledgable. Food was great and the right amount. Kent the bartender recommended drinks all of which were superb
NOPA is one of my favorite restaurants in SF. I've been here a few times and I never leave disappointed. I'd recommend you make reservations in advance otherwise you are in for a long wait for a table. But if you don't mind eating at the community table then you are wait won't be as long. This place is always packed and lively.This place is elegant with no pretensions. I love eating upstairs since it gives you a more private eating experience. You get a great view of the restaurant, which is bursting from the seams with energy. The food is top notch and the ingredients satisfies all you social conscious foodies out there (think organic, free range and grass fed everything). I've tried to pork chop and hamburger. Both are amazing. But if I had to choose between the two, the pork chop wins out. This is arguably the best pork chop in San Francisco. The cut of meat is extremely thick and always cooked to perfection. If you get a the burger it comes with a side of fries. The aioli dipping sauce is extremely tasty. You can't go wrong with either options.Major kudos to the excellent service here. The servers are helpful and attentive without being intrusive. They are more than willing to give you suggestions if you are undecided about what to eat or what wine to pair your food with. Come hungry and leave happy.
I love just about everything here. If you want a table make a reservation at least two weeks in advance on open table. No joke. My friend and I went for dinner on a Sunday and not having reservations we got there at 5 when the bar opened, to get a seat at the bar for dinner. The served well priced snack food (fried green tomatoes! yum!) and the mixologists (no bartenders here) whipped up divine cocktails. Dinner orders are not taken until about 6.The dinner menu is slightly limited, but it looks like it changes quite a bit and there is something for everyone on the menu. I had the salmon and my friend had the rabbit stew. Both were delicious. Dessert was good, but not out of this world. It was a frozen butterscotch tart. Again, good, but would not order again.Over all, a good experience. I would like to try the brunch there some weekend.
Late night dining at its best! Food is great, ambiance is great, and great location. The menu changes seasonally, but I have yet to be disappointed by anything I have ordered. My BFF and I decided to meet for tea and dessert. I had the: Butterscotch Icebox Tart - Meringue Tuile and Pecan Whiskey Caramel. AH-MAZING!! Delicate and not too sweet. Cold butterscotch? Yes, please! She had the Warm Chocolate Souffl: Smoked Chocolate Mousse and Lavender-vanilla Cream. Very good, but not as mind blowing as the butterscotch. I loved sitting at the communal table and watch different friends that live in the 'hood show up. All of a sudden the table was full of old and new friends.
Hands down the BEST pork I've ever had!!! So tender, so juicy, and so succulent. My craving for it has just returned just thinking about writing about it.The food, the ambiance, the servers, the drinks, and the experience here was wonderful. The bartender at the bar made me a special drink based on what I was craving, our server was very friendly and helpful, and the food was well worth the price. Sooooo good! I want to go back soon!**tips1) get the PORK!2) get the goat cheese for appetizers3) make reservations ahead of time. If not, get there right before they serve dinner (at around 5:30) and you might have a chance of getting seated
Wonderful food, wonderful service, but I feel so darn guilty because I truly hurt my wallet, I murdered it ..and before I trashed it, it called my bank account for help, and I murdered that one too!Tried many things, all incredible, I was really happy. It's a good place to take foodie friends, but not a date since it's full with excited and clearly happy loudmouths. The brunch is definitely not to par to their regular food choices, so stick to dinner, just make a reservation way in advance (or show up with all the grannies when it opens).
Ugh, I'm about to fall into a deep and pleasant, well deserved food coma thanks to NOPA. I felt that I deserved a treat for dinner tonight so I walked down the block to see what was there. I found that NOPA had a grass fed burger and was sold. So, I scooted up to the bar and found they have a nice little selection of ales, I settled for a Belgian. I know their cocktails are pretty good too, but tonight was a beer night. Started out with the flatbread and lamb sausage. I actually knew this would make my dinner too big, but i had some lambocentric carnivorous leanings tonight and couldn't resist; anyway, it sounded so good, with mint and black mission figs. Yum! A little spicy from the lamb sausage, a hint of mint ever few bites, some saltiness from Parmesan cheese, and juicy, sweet figs on charred flatbread. Did i say YUM?I'll have to say the burger was a little disappointing. I don't know It was missing something, flavour. The aioli added some, as did the pickled onions (I love pickled onions btw, love them) and it was cooked well and dripped yummy burger juice on a soft bun. Should have been great, but was just so-so. The fries on the side were pretty good, crisp and not too salty. Maybe I should have gotten cheese or bacon, so it goes.The pork chops at NOPA are awesome, go get one now!
the food was amazingly great. We had a goat cheese platter, i had the hamburger with french fries and my Date had the chicken.We loved our dinner. Why 1 star?our waitress did not care about us at all. We were waiting for our food for 45mins and the restaurant wasn't full at all. TX god Nopa has other very friendly waiters who gave us whatever we wanted.Probably go back soon but certainly not same waitress
We eat to live, but there are times when we live to eat. Sharing a meal at Nopa with friends, truly is a wonderful dining experience.I can't say enough about our server. He was attentive, cheerful, knowledgeable and knew the (sometimes esoteric) menu inside and out. The rest of the staff were equally as impressive and everyone was cool, calm, confident and collected even though the restaurant was bustling on a Tuesday evening. Now to the food.Our party of three shared everything and loved everything.We started with the warm bean salad with a poached egg (the color of the yolk was amazing) and house-made bacon (how can you not love that?), in addition to the flatbread with yukon golds, tomatoes and parmesan and lastly, the early girl tomatoes, sheep's milk feta and garlic croutons. Delish! I ordered the "606" which is named after the KLM flight from SFO-Amsterdam because it uses Bols Genever (which is often referred to as "Dutch Gin"). It's served up and mixed with Fernet and sweet vermouth. What's not to love here? For our mains, we split the burger, which was perhaps the most amazing burger I've ever had and the braised rabbit. It was clean-plate-club all around the table!The burnt honey creme brulee was out of this world and we also devoured the brown butter cake.Filled with post-eating afterglow, we tried to find a dish that we didn't like (or perhaps I should say, a dish that we liked the least), but were hard pressed to name one. The only disappointing thing was not being able to try more of their dishes. This place makes me wish I was a ruminant.
Stereotypical SF upscale dining experience with low lighting, industrial/craftsman decor (painted mural included), and tattooed bartender.
Went to NOPA for brunch on a Saturday with a reservation. It was a warm day and the restaurant doesn't have AC but with the fans the temperature was bearable -- because the windows were all left open, there were some flies around the restaurant which was not ideal. We are vegetarians and the brunch menu had a number of options. We got the sweet cardamom bun with quince butter, goat cheese bread pudding with persimmons, half order of custard french toast and the butter basted eggs. The goat cheese bread pudding was a savory dish that was baked to a crisp perfection and had just the right amount of goat cheese. We really enjoyed the custard french toast as well and felt that a single (1/2 order) piece was adequate for 2 so that we could try other dishes. The eggs were cooked perfectly (just the right amount of runny) and the butter squash spread had a surprising but nice hint of citrus. The service was solid. We enjoyed our experience and plan to come back to try dinner at some point.
I think NOPA is for sure one of the best restaurants in SF. The food and the drinks are perfectly crafted and presented.It has so many things I like: late seating until 1 AM, seasonal top notch food, a communal table, fun vibe.It does get very noisy at times but it's not the type of place one should go to for a quite, romantic dinner. It's fancy but fun.I wish it was a bit less expensive but I think you get what you pay for.
Stopped in here for drinks and a little bit of food. It was a Thursday night, but the tables were full. The place was hopping and everyone seemed to be having a good time!Luckily, we were given counter seating...overlooking the kitchen (got to watch them prep pizza and bread...yum!). Even with the crowd, it was a great spot to have a cocktail and chat. I was a little bit hungry, so opted to try their burger. This turned out to be the right decision...it was delicious!  Fresh ingredients and buns...yum! And tasty french fries!Fairly good selection of drinks (usually wasted on me...but others spoke favorably about it). Now I want to go back and try out some other items from their menu. Everything we saw coming out of the kitchen looked appetizing. Maybe someday soon...I would definitely come back to Nopa, especially as a late-night spot.
OMG! I had dinner there the other night with 2 friends. We didn't have a reservation, but we found a spot at the bar. We had the burger and the bolognese. The burgers were amazing... but the bolognese.... OMG. I haven't had bolognese like this in SF. It reminds me of home. It was exactly the way it should taste. :O) If i could, I would totally order it for take out....For dessert we had the cookies with almond milk.... it was heaven.
IWe stopped in here to grab a late night dinner.We were seated right away and a nice waiter promptly approached our table. We ordered burgers all around and I am not sure if I got the wrong burger ( I ordered med rare) but it was over cooked to a a point of being dry. I chose not to say anything,. I will give them another try sometime.
I can't say enough about how good this place is. Awesome cocktails. Fantastic food. Great atmosphere (BUSY!).This is the crown jewel of the hood
Hands-on managment from the chef-owner-partner... great service from a well trained crew... and best of all, a great menu created from a depth of experience and quality ingredients. If you understand the relax but professional face of San Francisco, and you enjoy and appreciate a dining spot that draws diners from their early twenties, to thirty-somethings, to middle agers and those who "have been there and done that"........and know a winning restaurant when they've experienced it, then you will know and enjoy NOPA. Laurence Jossell serves up a comfortable, delicious dining experience, and if anyone deserves five stars on Yelp, it would be this chef-owner. If you know the restaurant biz, one look at the open kitchen, and you'll be impressed. This restaurant was designed with success as an integral part of the plan. An added bonus, for those "Coffee-geeks" out there, is a two-group La Marzocco, with an inventory of Blue Bottle Espresso Blend. Being in the specialty coffee side of things, I was very impressed, but will reserve my specialty coffee review for my return trip to The City in the near future.From the front end to the pass, into the kitchen area and beyond, this is a must-do for visitors and locals. The bar opens at 5pm and the dinner service starts at 6pm. The fact that they're open 'til 1pm is a welcome contradiction to the typical lights-out time for most dining spots. Being early birds, we got there a little after 5p, and spent the first 45 minutes enjoying wine and appetizers. Dinner was stupendous, and most impressive..... the bill was well within reason; dare I say "under-priced" for this level of restaurant in The City.While I don't live in San Francisco, we've had family there over the years, and have dined across the Embarcadero and some inner city spots. While I would take out of town visitors to the Embarcadero for the "Pier 39 Experience...", on my list of first choices for dinner would be NOPA.
This place seems to be hit or miss. For me, it was a hit. I have been on a not so secret mission to lure Dr. P back to the West Coast after she's done with her residency and fellowship. That's still a few years away but I'm being a long term planner about this one. I've tricked her into skipping the Bahamas or Latin America on her vacations to come here twice this year. I am diabolical when I want my way.Luckily, my friends caught onto my not so secret plan and on her second night here, someone suggested we go to NOPA for a late dinner. Since we had been snacking while watching the Celtics beat the Lakers, we weren't in the mood for anything heavy so we went with: a side of broccoli, a salad, flatbread and chicken soup.The broth for the soup was really flavorful, the broccoli was nice and garlicky, the flatbread was plentiful and crispy and the salad was refreshing and crunchy. A friend had mentioned a delicious peanut butter and apple treat we could get there and when Dr. P asked the waitress about it, she looked at her like she'd lost her mind. A simple no would have sufficed. That kind of attitude will not bring Dr. P back to California. -1 star for that.
Has been an occassional go to place for bar bites and imbibing on specialty cocktails. We recognize it is spendy, specially during these times. What will make me avoid this place in the future. DISMISSIVE "whatever" bar staff. A reasonable query by a friend about an dessert served earlier in the history of NOPA. One attendant responded he will find out, another lectured on the reasons why NOPA changes its menu in a snarky tone. Adding, menus change! Really???Who needs to be served by entitled, defensive and forgetfull (who ultimately pays for your salary, if not diners -- even better if they repeat and informed diners). A note to all bar staff, you may be right, but the customer is always given the courtesy of inquiring and receiving responses in a civil tone.
Update 6/21: NOPA has become my home away from home over the last few months. Living two blocks away helps. Seriously, while I love the food, the restaurant is sort of a bit of everything to me. I'm there on a Friday for happy hour, sometimes like last night for a late night dinner, other times we're there with a group of 4-8 friends, it all really depends. The atmosphere is always bustling, and it's the sort of place where you run into old friends, meet new and interesting ones (especially at the communal table), and just generally have a great and social time. -----Old, Original Review:NOPA is one of those great neighborhood restaurants that also manages to be a destination dining experience. Having just opened in the last month or two, the place is perenially packed and always bustling (the fact that they don't take reservations also adds to the mayhem). This is all good, because there is that sense that you're watching a classic in the making, where you see regulars and first-timers co-mingling over good food and drink.The atmosphere is casual, and the space brings its own energy. The bar is great for a quick meal but is quickly becoming a place to gather in instelf. Seating can be tight, but if you can opt for the upstairs area, so you can take in the whole scene and still hear your dining companions without straining.The bar is well appointed with a wide range of wines, some local but also nice variety from France and Italy (bottles start at $28).For cocktails, the 20th Century Cocktail or NOPA's potent version of a Dark and Stormy are good ways to go. The beer selection has been also well thought out, with such favorites as Speakeasy Prohibition and Moonlight Czech Pilsner on draft, as well as a 22 oz. Lagunitas IPA and 25 oz. Foret Saison Ale by the bottle, the latter almost a meal in itself.In terms of food, NOPA falls into the tradition of New American cuisine, and you can expect fresh takes on the familiar. For starters, the Flatbread of Red Onions and Little Fried Fish are must-haves. Another favorite is the plate of fatty (in a good way) Pomegranate Lamb Riblets, nicely spiced with coriander and mint.Although entree choices are typically limited to 7-9 selections, the dishes each have their own character and are easy to share, or better yet, give reason for another visit. For vegetarians, the Spring Tagine with almonds and lemon yogurt is delicious, while seafood lovers will be attracted to either the Pan Seared Sturgeon or Mediterranean Fish Stew.For carnivores, it's hard to top the Spit Roasted Leg of Lamb, served with spinach. The Grilled Pork Chop is a juicy alternative, while NOPA's House Ground Burger nears ground chop heaven, with equal perfection found in the side of fries with which it's served. If you had to have one dessert to close off your experience, go for the warm Doughnut Holes and Orange Honey.NOPA is a terrific addition for North of the Panhandle (I prefer DMV Heights, but what do I know), but it's also a reflection of the changing neighborhood. While restaurants like Little Star Pizza and Tsunami Sushi certainly attracted the crowds, to me it seems like NOPA is the first real destination restaurant that (literally) defines this up and coming area.
Whether you are in the mood for brunch or dinner or late night spot for drinks and dessert, Nopa is perfect for all of the above. The menu continues to have staples like the pork chop and hamburger, while changing up starters every now and then. Great ingredients, great atmosphere, and great service!
I have wanted to try this place out for years. So my Man being the amazing guy he is decided to treat me to a surprise pre-birthday party dinner. When we walked in I was feeling the energy. The place has a great vibe, a good aura if you will. We had reservations and were told to wait at the bar which was super packed. Lots of people were eating at the bar. After seat vulturing we got a bar stool (which was big and cushy).I ordered the Paloma Rosa which wasn't so rosy and my Man ordered the Pisco Sour which I ended up savoring and even ordering another one of. I thought our table was taking awhile and then I realized that our friends were walking in the door what a great surprise. Almost immediately the hostess came to seat us. As it turns out my Man was smart and told me the reservation was earlier than it actually was in an effort to get me ready on time. Tricky, but it worked! To start we ordered the Flat Bread which was yummy. The Goat Cheese with Pickled Beets and Crostini was absolutely to die for. The guys shared the beef slider which I tried but simply was not impressed with. We also shared the Spring Lettuces which I found lacked some real flair. Both me and my Man ordered the Pork Chop and were not disappointed. But I must admit that the side could have been more impressive, don't get me wrong I know the pork chop is a hard act to follow but NOPA you could do better. Okay now for dessert. You know I love me some dessert. We ordered the Sopaipillas, Lavender Pot de Crme with Dark Chocolate Pudding Cake, and the Rhubarb thing. The waiter was awesome and brought mine out with a candle. Very cute. But as for the desserts I was devastated. The Sopaipillas should be called NoPaipillas, not because of the cute play on words but because No son Sopaipillas. It is offensive to call these Sopaipillas. Trust me I am a Sopaipilla connoisseur. My Mom's Sopaipillas would beat up these Nopaipillas, make them cry, and say thank you Mam may I have another!In conclusion good vibe, good service, great food, bad dessert. Oh, on a random side note they have those weird men/women bathrooms where everyone shares the sink and mirror but the stalls are still labeled men or women. What's the point of that? I still have to wait longer and put on my lip-gloss in front of the boys. BOO!
Love it!
I've been meaning to check out NOPA for years (literally) and every time I've stopped by there was at least an hour wait. Once you eat there you'll know why. However, if you don't have a reservation and you're willing to play musical chairs, you might be able to snag a seat at the bar. I pressed my luck a few weeks ago and sat between two dudes on their iPhones. I held out as long as I could, eagerly awaiting their departure so that my date could join me for dinner. Finally one guy got the check and immediately people started swarming to get his seat. But I held my ground, and finally scored two seats at the bar. Anyway, they happened to have trout on the menu and it was highly recommended by our server. It came served whole, beautifully displayed on a platter. We ordered a side dish of the broccoli with lemon and anchovies, which could not have been a better match with the trout; the citrus flavor only enhanced the trout. You can tell that NOPA takes great care in hiring a truly knowledgeable staff. When we inquired about a particular rum in one of their cocktails, our bartender easily recited the history of rum, how its produced and the different regions it comes from. I was thoroughly pleased with my experience there and now know why people rave about NOPA. It's definitely a foodie's paradise.
This is my new favorite place right now; I loved it so much after I went the first time that I went right back a day later! The drinks are fantastic (bartenders, hosts, and waiters/waitresses are awesome); the wine choices are all really good. The price is right. The burger is one of the best in the city in my opinion; asked for medium rare and got it cooked perfectly. No complaints, they've been perfect every visit!
Once again, I tried NOPA. And I must say that this time, combined with last time which was also positive, now has me looking forward to going back.And as promised, this has me feel obligated to update my review.Nick was our waiter and he was amazing. He engaged just the right amount, he was very attentive [eyes in the back of his head] he was pleasant and likable, very knowledgeable about the menu, and he was technically sound with his service.Brook, the manager on the floor was also very pleasant and accommodating. I felt welcomed and well taken care of.And, two people who I was challenged by on my first couple trips are no longer with NOPA, so my thinking that it was a systemic problem was not accurate.And, of course the food was amazing. I had the crab/seafood stew, which was heavenly and the warmed goat cheese with apples and baby lettuce cups. Best goat cheese I have ever had in my life. Seriously.I am now a fan of NOPA.
This restaurant has fabulous reviews so I thought I would give it a try. My boyfriend and I went here with his aunt and uncle. We had a reservation so we did not have to wait at all which is nice. It is very loud so you have to scream to hear each other which got annoying. The food was good, but it did not blow me away by any means. WIth so many better restaurants in SF, I won't be going back anytime soon. Its ok but just by no means a stand out.
Grass feed burger had to be one of the best burgers I've had since Bradley Ogden's in Las Vegas shut down which was named one of the best burgers in America. Be careful with the fries, they fill you up really quick.
Went with a large group so I was able to get a taste a number of the dishes available on the menu. All were very well cooked and spiced perfectly. Service was also excellent. The waitress was very attentive and would check on us regularly even though the restaurant was packed. Definitely want to come back again and try more of their dishes.
pork chops was, flat bread
I understand the pork chop is well known here... but do take in consideration the roasted chicken. A healthier choice not to mention AMAZING. The four stars is just so they have room to improve.
So basically an app, entree, and desert is going to set you back $50, but it's worth it. My second time here, this time trying the entrees. Things you have to get are the pork chop and the apple/bourbon ice cream/bacon brittle desert.The pork chop was one of the best chucks of meat I've eaten, and I love pork (and the associated fat). It's seasoned perfectly and I have an affinity to salt, and lots of it. For me it could have been saltier and peppery-er, but it was seasoned to perfection. Also perfection was the tenderness and juiciness. Not too much fat, but enough to satisfy. It was cooked to the point where it was just a little pink in the middle, just how I like it.As for the bacon brittle over caramelized and spiced apples with smoked bourbon ice cream on top of a puff pastry.....one of the best and definitely the most interesting desert I've eaten. Separately, they make no sense and have no frills. But together, it was a masterpiece. Hot and cold, hard and soft, cool and spicy, sweet and salty, the deserts lady (I forget her name) knows what's she's doing.NOPAFan
YUM...I mean YUM. Wait, did I say YUM?? This is a lovely place. The food is excellent - very unique flavors for italian food. Imaginative dishes, beautiful wine list, elegant and tasty cocktails, fantastic - i mean fantastic service, super good desserts. We were there for 4.5 hours - and it was such a treat. We left at almost 11pm on a Wednesday and the place was packed! I'm sorry I don't have more detail on this one. But we had a table of 8 and I tried almost everything and loved it.
My friends had to tear me away from the Celtics game playing at a dive bar across the street on Divis. I have to say, it was worth it! We didn't eat anything but fries, but they were crispy, perfectly salty and the fact that they were served with garlic aioli pushed them over the top.The drinks. Oh, the drinks! I will come back for these exotic & gourmet cocktails again and again! I had the Elderflower Gimlet with vodka, elderflower syrup and lime juice, and also "sampled" these yummy ones too:Old Cuban, which is similar to a caipirinha but with the addition of cava Pisco Sour, a lemon-lime Peruvian cocktailWe positioned ourselves at the bar close by the open kitchen which turned out to be a great view of the dinner menu fresh from the wood-burning oven and wood grill. Everything looked delicious!I was impressed by the entire menu and have paid a lot more for a lot less elsewhere. I can't wait to come back for dinner and drinks!
Brown Label ShrubFava bean puree with crostini and sea saltWarm goat cheese, pickled beets, frise and crostiniCountry pork chop, roasted asparagus, dandelion greens and sherry onionsGrass fed hamburger with cheddar cheese, pickled onions and fries with aioliThe Brown label shrub is a concoction of Sutton Cellars vermouth and huckleberry shrub. Eric found it tasting a little too much like cough syrup. A fava bean puree with crostini and sea salt arrived at our table, compliments of the chef. The crostini was toasted to perfection. The fava bean puree is plenty seasoned so the sea salt is quite unnecessary. The warm goat cheese was rich and creamy without an overpowering flavor. It was accompanied by a salad of fresh frise, peppery watercress, and pickled beets. The same crostini from the fava bean puree was used. This was our favorite dish of the night.The country pork chop was cooked medium/medium rare. The fat to meat ratio of the cut is high and the meat stayed extremely tender with full flavors in every bite. Unfortunately, it was a one note sort of dish. Midway through, I began to grow tired of the flavors and especially the texture.The grass fed hamburger, as with all grass fed beef, lacked that fragrant beefy smell (or as Anthony Bourdain calls it: beef stank). The meat was packed loosely and seared to a medium rare, not a second more. This definitely did not meet my expectations as I recalled numerous burgers that far outshine this one (i.e. Marlowe, Cafe de la Presse). The fries were obviously not cooked twice. It wasn't quite crispy enough on the outside and not quite creamy enough on the inside. And the aioli? Eric makes a version that would laugh in the face of this one.Here I show off my photography skills (taken with a DSLR) of the burger: yelp.com/biz_photos/ttarWhat have high expectations ever done for you? I couldn't help but feel a little unimpressed, a little underwhelmed. 3.5 star
I don't consider myself spoiled or ungrateful, but I do like to be treated special on my birthday. After all of the rave reviews from Yelp and friends, I decided to make NOPA the place to celebrate making it through 26 whole years of life. Knowing how popular the restaurant is, I called a week in advance and secured an 8:30 dinner reservation for a Wednesday night for 2. As a practice, any time I make reservations for a special occasion I always let the restaurant know ahead of time. This has always allowed the restaurant plenty of time to throw in small touches that make me feel extra special. I made sure to tell the person taking my reservation that this was a special birthday dinner and she assured me that they would set something special up. I arrived at NOPA 15 minutes before our reservation in 4-inch heels and a beautiful birthday dress. I checked in and I got nothing. No happy birthday from the host, not even a 'hello, how are you?'. We were quickly ushered to a very small cramped table in an oddly shaped corner. No big deal - it made our area feel more private. We had about 6 different cocktail waiters - all of which took seemingly forever, and 2 actual waiters. I'm not really sure why as they both seemed to serve meals throughout the course of the night, but whatever. Half way through our dinner, the table to my right had dessert brought out on the house with a candle. I started to get a little excited (lame, I know...) Two-thirds into dinner, the couple on my right also received a birthday dessert with candle. I started to get really excited. Given my rating, I'm sure you can see what happens next. NOTHING. No birthday dessert. No special candle. Nothing. REALLY?! $145 on dinner and nothing. I've spent less at Boulevard and received better treatment.If you're still reading, you're probably thinking "well, what about the food?". Meh... It was ok. I had the burger and my date had the pork chops. For a $15 burger, I much prefer Hillstone.
I think there is always a little peace of happiness in ice cream and no where does it resonate so strongly for me than in the sharlynn melon granita, rose geranium ice cream, and lavender cookies for dessert at Nopa. I love subtle ice cream flavors and here they have blended the subtle flavors of melon and rose in one beautiful dessert dish! Nopa itself always has a lively buzz going on that's comfortable, never too loud, and always energetic. Every time I come here I'm ready for good food and fantastic company. There's just something about this place that makes me feel relaxed without feeling like there's any aspect of their establishment that has been overlooked. From the servers to the wine list, to the food, to the ambience--Nopa is a solid winner in my book. And it's my new go-to spot in the City for moments when I'm looking at my friends and we're going, "now where do we go...?" Now I'll always have an answer, "Nopa."
I've had Nopa on my "need to try" list of restaurants for quite some time. It stood out to me as being a true San Francisco style-restaurant, bringing in local ingredients and presenting whatever is fresh and in season. This is what I love about California and what is unfortunately, not so common back East.We made late reservations on a Wednesday night - 9:15 and my first piece of advice is "do NOT drive" to the restaurant. Parking was frustrating and not ample in the area. We drove around for about 15 minutes trying to find a spot - finding one a decent walk from the restaurant - only to find out that there was now and open spot right in front of the restaurant. Oh well.For appetizers, we split the bibb lettuce salad with pluots, almonds and cava dressing and the fried green tomatoes side dish. Both were excellent. I'm not sure the salad is quite worth $8 since for that price I can get a huge, delicious salad from Blue Barn - but I have to say that the pluots were incredible and the dish, overall, was very nice. I was also extremely happy with the fried green tomatoes. They were juicy and almost sweet with a perfect amount of batter. The cucumber yogurt added the perfect balance of freshness.I selected the Tagine for my main since that had been the dish I had been eyeing for quite some time. I could tell that the vegetables were fresh and in-season and really enjoyed the variety that came in the dish. Yellow wax beans, carrots, cauliflower, corn, broccoli, potatoes...some others were probably thrown in there as well. I'd be curious to see how (if at all) this dish changes through the seasons. This could be considered a "low carb" dish as there was no grain that was served with it - meaning there were more vegetables to enjoy.My boyfriend got the rabbitt and it was so tender and juicy. The eggplant that went with it was incredible as well - and even more so when eaten with a grape - great pairing!The dessert was a little disappointing but that was completely my fault. The description of the peach dessert with thyme honey and grilled bread sounded incredible and I was expecting some chunks of delicious peaches on a plate. I seemed to have missed the main component - listed in the title - "Garden Variety Beau's Blend" - I thought that was just the name of the dessert but that is actually a type of cheese (Nopa, maybe you should clarify this on the menu for non-cheese connoisseurs like me). So the dish ended up being mainly cheese with four little slices of peaches and some bread. Though I don't love cheese for dessert - it was very good.Grenache Blanc - Viogner wine (by the glass) is incredible and went well with all of my dishes.With a menu changing with the seasons, it's certain I'll be back.
I'm honestly not sure what all the fuss is about. Perhaps it's because I came for brunch, but I was not really impressed. The wait was a bit over an hour and we were seated at the bar area. I ordered a Bloody Mary and the hamburger. Both were good, but I've had better bloodys at several other eateries in SF, and The hamburger was very run-of-the-mill. I'd give this place another chance probably for dinner before dismissing it, but I can definitively say for brunch, both Mama's and Brenda's French Soul Food are better choices.
I've been wanting to go to Nopa for a while now and finally had the pleasure. Overall the place is great, good drinks, good food and good service. This place gets a lot of hype and from what I understand is always packed and tough to get reservations. It's certainly a wonderful place with a great atmosphere, but I don't see what all the hype is about. Nopa seems to be a casual fine dining experience. The place has an elegance about it, but the wait staff are in street clothes and everything is very casual which I find interesting. I do like their practice of sustainability and being active in working with local farmers with local ingredients. It's interested that the menu changes daily, so there will always be something new to try. I had the duck, which was amazing. I'm definitely a big duck fan and this was perfectly executed. Also tried the Salmon. Certainly tasty, but I felt it was lacking something. It was served over a soupy creamed corn and needed some type of starch, be it mashed potatoes or rice. The portions are big and the prices are reasonable. I definitely want to go back and try the burger everyone seems to rave about.
definitely lived up to the hype and the number of reviews by Yelpers. I had the fried chicken and was impressed by the freshness of the entire meal.Would have been 5 stars, but I ate at Chez Panisse Cafe on the same trip and it really doesn't compare to that experience.
Nopa is a restaurants to be seen at. The crowds there are so hip, but they also serve legit food. Even though they have been around for a few years, their popularity has really grown after a few spotlights on the Food Network. Its very hard to get a last minute reservation, book at least one to two weeks before. The restaurant is gorgeous, and it is two floored so they can really accommodate a lot of diners. We started with an amuse bouche, which was a cucumber salsa crostini. I love cucumbers but they don't have much flavour, however it was amazing, the flavour was so concentrated. We started with a flatbread with zucchini, greens, bacon and goat cheese. The flavours and colours of this dish were bright and clean, and the crust was nice and thin. For our mains, i had the halibut in a broth with fresh peas, beans and turnip. This dish was so light, the fish was seasoned so well and was so flaky. The broth with the fresh peas and beans was so delicious.  The only component i didn't like were the baby turnips, i found them bitter.My sis had the baked cannelloni with fresh peas, spinach, sausage, and house made ricotta. If you like food that stays hot for the duration of the meal, than this is the one for you. Some of the pasta noodles were slightly hard/dried out. The combination of the pasta and meat and cheese makes for quintessential comfort food.Nopa is definitely hot right not and if they continue to serve excellent food, then they will continue to fill their house every night.
Mmm boy is there pork delicious. It was super tender, smoky, and the only place I've enjoyed semi-rare pork. I also ordered their poached egg salad listed under appetizers. All the ingredients mixed well together. It was a very 'delicate' salad but towards the end, the salad got really oily.For dessert we had the shortcake with icecream. I've never tasted icecream quit like it before. It was made from a type of flower and went really well with the cubes of pound cake. All in all the dinner was enjoyable but I probably wouldn't be able to afford eating here too often.
In the Nopa/Alama Square area, I don't think there is a better place to hit up when you're in the mood for a slightly fancier place then the pizza place down the street. It's not cheap; they have bottles of wine and champagne that run well over $100. Their main entrees run in the $30 area with appetizers in the low to mid-teens. A martini with a good vodka will run about $12, and a bottle of good beer is about $7.With that said, Nopa has a great friendly atmosphere, and the food is pretty good for what you get. I've tried almost all their appetizers, which change from time to time, and almost everything on their main menu, which also changes every couple of weeks. They have plenty of options for people who don't eat meat (my girlfriend is a veggie), and they have no problems making modifications to orders to suit your wishes. Their champagne and wine menu is pretty good, and Chris, who puts it together really knows what he's talking about and has no problems taking some time to discuss it with you and explaining the various differences and charms of each of the bottles he's put on their menu. I've had everything from a $50 bottle of wine up to a $160 bottle of rose', and Chris has yet to fail us.They are open early for brunch and open late, until 2am, with a full menu until they close I've been there many a late night for some of their awesome appetizers and a bottle of champagne. Overall, it's a good place for locals to go who want a bit more, or an awesome place to bring a date for a nice dinner, or that cool place to bring your parents when they come into town for a visit.
NOPA was amazing! I had the sausage and brussel sprouts faltbread that had this unbelievable garlic sauce on if for a started. Then i had the pork chop that was cooked to absolute perfection. For dessert i had the sopapilla and i highly recommend adding a scoop of their butterscotch ice cream with it. REALLY went well together. Unbelievable dinner and everyone that worked there was great.
As good as it gets! My party of 8 made reservations Saturday night at 9pm (not by choice of course, but because it was the only spot they could fill us in 2 weeks in advance). The service was top notch and although I don't have much to say about the interior design, it's a very small and cozy restaurant. We were seated upstairs and the only disadvantage about that is having to walk downstairs to use the restroom.We first started out with a complimentary appetizer consisting of sliced granny smith apples dipped in peanut butter with crystalized sugar. Something as simple and basic as that set the mood for the night because it left a smile on my face.The flatbread with eggplant is delicious! It was a mouthful of the right amount of amazing flavors. The baked goat cheese with pickled beets is fantastic! I love beets and never had it pickled before so now I don't know how I'm going to go back to regular beets now that I've had them pickled.For my main course, I ordered the fish stew. Although it was good, it wasn't great. I did however, get to sample from my friend's' plate of the porkchop, burger and chicken dinner. Although all meals were tasty, I will only talk about what was worth honoring. Hands down, the porkchops here had to be the best I have ever had. I should have listened to all the fuss from other yelpers about it but decided to try something new instead. I mean, being Asian, I've had my fair share of porkchops so I thought how different could the taste of porkchops here be? But I was wrong! It was cooked to perfection and was not drowned in any marinated sauces contributing to the loss of the pork goodness. The dinner portion is very generous here and many of us took doggy bags home. I will definitely be making another trip here to order the country porkchop, braised cabbage, apples, upland cress and mustard because a sample of it was not enough and it left me wanting MORE.
I went with a pescetarian (me) and three carnivores, one of whom is a foodie and two of whom don't like to try anything they haven't been eating daily since the fourth grade. Just setting the scene, because when I eat with these three chuckleheads (my husband and my brothers), someone is always unhappy with their meal. So the reason I'm bothering to write the 901st review is that NOPA was a balls-out hit with all of us.From the git-go, we were impressed by the service and the creative, delicious cocktails. Then came the food. DAMN. The goat cheese crostini was sublime, the marinated squid -- which I have never enjoyed before -- was tender and savory, the roasted chicken and pork chops were reportedly perfect, my halibut was delightfully light yet flavorful, the cauliflower made me want to lick the plate... and cry... We got so confident in the kitchen that we even ordered the strawberry with FENNEL for dessert. Like everything else we tried, it rocked our taste buds like a hurricane. My advice for maximum enjoyment of this place is: unless you're allergic to it, just order it, even if it sounds weird. Going outside our comfort zone paid off really big for us. These people know what they are doing. PS,There is no such place as NOPA!!! That's some real estate agent bullshit nomenclature. But for what they're dishing out at this place, I forgive. I guess they couldn't really call the restaurant "Western Addition" or "The 'Mo." Doesn't have the same ring to it...
Went to nopa for brunch on a saturday......Place is super solid cant really go wrong with anything you order......Drinks.....Savory bread pudding......Burger......French toast.....Shared with my booJust saw Nopa on The Best thing I Ever Ate.....Flat bread with bacon and onions.......
Excellent! I really love this place!Nopa has a warm, glam atmoshphere; perfect for dinner with friends or even family. The high ceilings give the place a very spacious feel. I think this restaurant is a great deal because the service is terrific (the servers are so attentive), the ambience is wonderful, and the food is perfect! Entrees range from $18-$24 and the ingredients are extremely fresh and the dishes are so delicious and well-seasoned. This is probably one of my favorite restaurants in SF because you're getting top quality for your dollar. Not to mention their burger is incredible and only $12--- that is nothing to pay for dinner in such a nice atmosphere. We got the Early Girl tomato salad with goat cheese with honey vinigrette, and the tomatoes were perfectly ripe and flavorful. The fries with yuppy dip were good, but a) it's hard to screw up fries, I mean, if McDonalds can make them then how hard can it be? and b) am I the only one who wonders why posh restaurants are serving greasy fries with yuppy dip and then charging like $6? I can't wait for this fad to pass...Drinks here are fantastic! Next, we got the pork tenderloin, and I really think it's some of the best pork I have ever had. Perfectly moist, with nice apple/bacon flavor, mmmmmm!!! Pork is actually somewhat difficult to make well (since it often dries out), so I was very impressed. Overall, excellent experience, can't wait to go back!
Came here with my wife for a late dinner, who had heard rave reviews about NOPA. The place lived up to the hype. I ordered the grass fed hamburger ($13) with gruyere cheese (additional $1.50) which came with pickled onions and french fries. It is by far one of the best burgers I've ever had. Don't be fooled! The burger doesn't look impressively big, but it was filling. The patty was compact and thick and the bun was toasted nice and crisp. The pickled onions are a nice complement and the burger comes with a side of aioli sauce. But in the end, it's all about the meat. The juiciness and flavor is what makes the burger great. The french fries were seasoned, crispy, and was a good sized portion. My wife ordered the Country Pork Chop ($26). And we loved it. Impressed at how tender and juicy the meat was. Easily one of the better pork chops we've eaten. The side of Broccoli di Ciccio and Nantes Carrots made for the perfect complement. Lastly for dessert we got the Smoked Chocolate Pot de Crme with Candied Kumquats and Hazelnut Toffee ($8). We dipped the kumquats in the smoked chocolate pot and it was delicious. Wasn't too rich. Loved the chocolate taste. Highly recommended. The only negative was the longer than expected wait for our food, but it ended up being worth every bit of the wait.
LOVE NOPA! The food it terrific, the place is super hip and very energetic, and the staff is the best part!! The MD was sooo sweet, she came over while we were waiting for a table to check in and give us updates on the wait (so nice!!). Our waitress was also very fun and sweet! Highly recommend, but definitely make a reservation!
Nopa is one of my favorite restaurants in SF.The place itself is beautiful, the food is simple, but so flavorful and the service is top notch.Things I've Tried:Crostini with beets and goat cheese- very delicious, everything combined = party in your mouthVegetable Flatbread- I was sad they didn't have the fennel sausage one, but this one amazing. Definitely get it.Early Girl Tomato Salad- simple and delicious. Very freshBaked white beans- Very good, flavor and texture amazing.Farro and creamed corn- just a really good preparation of creamed corn.The Hamburger- A very good burger, juicy and tender, packed with flavor, had with cheddar cheese and house cured bacon. One of my fav burgers in SF.THE PORK CHOP- Like everyone else has said, I've never had a pork chop that tasted this good. Packed with flavor! Tasted like a giant piece of the best bacon I've ever had. I could eat this every damn day. Sopaipillas- Mini sugar donuts with chocolate sauce. No explanation needed...Apples, puff pastry and bacon brittle- all components worked perfectly and a great end to the meal.Overall, I love this place and whenever I'm in town, I'm coming to nopa.
As with guys, I think sometimes I need to lower my expectations. I had heard so many raves about this place, that I thought it was going to be top notch. It was a solid meal, but it really was nothing special. Alright, I'll start with the good first. The complementary bread with garlic pesto thing was yummy. Then, the flatbread appetizer was deeeeelicious----cheese and bread make me happy! Very cool vibe/atmosphere; I really like the open space and the energy of this place. Service was great, with very friendly but not annoying staff. I think the idea of a communal table is pretty cool, especially since it's impossible to get a last minute reservation.Now here's the mediocre/bad. The chicken had a nice smoky taste going on, but was kind of bland. The skin was also a little funky, but I guess I shouldn't be eating that anyway. Also, given how long it took for the main course to come out, I would have expected it to be a bit warmer. My friend was a member of the clean plate club with her dish, the pasta with 9 hour bolognese, so that must have been good. The other bad thing had nothing to do with Nopa. . .this wench tried to jump ahead of us to snag a seat at the bar, when we had gotten there way before her. Luckily I still have my obnoxious Jersey attitude, so I told her to step off, we were there first.So, I am sad that my high expectations were not met. Such is life.
Went here about 2 months ago. Reviewing now cause I saw a friend review.Best and most interesting food we'd had in a long time. Both of us liked our dishes a lot.Cocktails where interesting but not exactly to our taste.Service was fine.
Solid. Really solid food.If you want the atmosphere and the hype actually matched with good food, then Nopa is where it's at.Would definitely order again: tangine, any of the flatbreads, fish
Get the burger or the french toast. You won't be disappointed.
5 stars on the following: - Greeting when we arrived- Our request for a booth- Great waitress, very patient (Michelle) - Great drink recommendation from MichelleAwesome, delicious food...we had: (for 3 people) - 2 orders of French fries with aioli sauce- bomb! - Cured ham with grilled bread -ok- Flatbread with sausage - amazing! - Arugula salad with thinly sliced radish - the best!- 2 orders Rotisserie Chicken - bursting with flavor- Grilled Pork Chop - very moist and tender...the best I've had! - 7 cocktails= $193.78 before tip...not bad at all! Gave Michelle a $40 tip, she was great! Definitely worth coming back to! Everything was delish and customer service was excellent!!!
Difficult to get a reservation, but well worth the wait! I loved the pork chop, perfectly cooked.
Great place to hang out with friends or bring a date. The food here is either good, great, or amazing. However, I do agree with some of the people who came shady on the stars about the food being way salty. But that only happened ONCE. Nonetheless, the food always tastes great, the service is always VIP treatment, and the cocktails are reasonably priced for how tasty and refreshing they are. What I have ordered and will always continue to:FlatbreadPorkChopsGimletHemmingwayand the perfectly cooked duck breast
Good:Food preparation is top-notch.Fantastic drinks and cocktailsCool decorQuality ingredientsVery good bussers.Clean bathroomFairly easy to parkBad:Small portions (burger size was a joke)Awful service (long waits between courses, never checked on us, didn't offer us to order more drinks, no knowledge of wines)Fries cooked unevenlyHostesses not very friendly or accommodatingService should equal prices and food.LOUD
Appetizers:* warm goat cheese & dates: DELICIOUS. for any cheese-lovers, I'd recommend* grilled broccoli & lemon: nothing special... would not get again (except that veges were good to have as a side since pork chops are so heavy)* fries with red pepper feta dip: when are fries ever bad?!!! the red pepper feta dip was awesome.* wood roasted sausage & aioliEntree:Pork chop is their signature dish (from what I've heard), so I felt the need to try it. My friend and I shared the pork chop and braised rabbit legs (which they only have sometimes). * pork chop: first, the portion is huge! it comes with side of grilled potatoes and grilled apples (both delicious). the pork chop was tender, juicy and perfect. * braised rabbit legs with dumpling squash: the portion is fairly light (compared to the pork chop), but I definitely liked it a LOT (better than the pork chops). Unfortunately, I've heard that they don't have the braised rabbit legs all the time as NOPA always changes their menu (but always has the pork chops). If you're a SF-resident, you may want to try this if you see it on the menu. HIGHLY recommend!Dessert:* custard cake: it was good - but nothing amazing* sopaipillas: MUST GET. it was delicious! i'd think of this as.. freshly baked dough/donut with warm caramel glaze :) very sweet.. but SO TASTY! Down side - being on Divisidero, parking is very difficult (no valet), and no parking structure nearby.. leaving you to street park!
This update is for the burger review only...NOPA and I have had a rocky relationship. My first visit was sup par and I was hesitant to go back...but I did and every time I went back it got better and better. So I was happy to see that NOPA was #3 on 7x7's list of Best Burgers. We've trudged through quite a few burgers, some of which were okay and more that were pretty good. So I was intrigued to try it out. It did not disappoint.The burger came out juicy with a perfect bun (it didn't fall apart!). It came with a great mayo and yummy pickled onions (something I've learned that can add to a burger so much!). We all opted for bacon which was good but a bit too crispy to get a lot of flavor. Definitely up there but I still liked Bix better so I'm sorry 7x7, still not agreeing with your ranking. However it's definitely a solid burger & if you're at NOPA it's worth checking out!
I vaguely remember the 1st time I went to NOPA. Memories of the sausage on a bed of coucous, the late night dinner service, the 2 round figs? or something rolling around on a b&b plate as it was being set on the table by an unknowledgeable server who had no clue as to what it was after I had asked him, and the lack of service altogether. BUT after watching the show "Best Thing I had Ever Eaten" PORK edition on the Food Network Channel, I decided to give it a shot after they so deliciously marketed the flatbread pizza w/ bacon so well.Oh and it was still on the menu on a random Tuesday night when I dragged David to try it out. It was so delicious, crispy rectangular slices of pizza w/ sliced grape tomatoes, melted cheese, and bacon. YUM. Definitely would come back. Love the ambiance and busy-ness of the restaurant.
On the one hand, I'm wondering why I'm bothering to write a review for a place with over 1,800 already. But then - you're reading it!Here's the scoop. Stop reading and thinking about where to make that reservation, or go tonight, or whatever.  Go to NOPA.Awesome place. In every way. Truthfully. It's also big enough and with sufficient different seating areas, that whatever size group you are considering, they can fit it and do a great job.Only other piece of advice in case you are a drinker - they've got a great selection of bourbons, so consider ordering one.Lastly, keep in mind that parking at nights can be a bit tough to find in this neighborhood (actually, sounds like pretty much everywhere else in SF?!?!?).
The pricey burger was delicious and definitely a high class burger that you can't get from just any place. It was probably the extra salt soaked into the fattiness that made it delicious. My drink was just ho-hum, and we probably should have gotten them from the bartenders rather than through our server.The service was slow and inattentive. Yes, it was busy as always. Yes, we were that annoyingly big group with one tipsy person. And YES, I expected better service from a higher end place even with the big mandatory tip already included.The noisy "ambiance" that is raved about is the result of packing the place with tables and packing the tables with patrons. As with most hyped places, my cohorts seem to like the place only because its the late night foodie go-to spot.
This is a bold statement but Nopa is my favorite restaurant in San Francisco. ...The food, the drinks, the ambiance, THE FOOD!The first time I visited, I was swept off my feet like a Disney princess. The flatbread, the burger (and fries), the tagliatelle, the sopaipillas. Every dish was excellent and every bite was consistently solid from start to finish. I've also tried the chicken, the halibut, different flatbreads and the creme brulee. Although I've honestly enjoyed them all, the pork chop is the money maker! So flavorful, so tender, so juicy...you can't believe it's not steak! It's as if the pork chop was "sham-wowed." And I've never been disappointed by the flatbreads (even when I went with a friend who doesn't like cheese and we had to order half of the it without cheese). The desserts are also a great way to end the meal. The honey lavender that came with the sopaipillas (now chocolate) was rich and a great compliment to the dessert. AND they serve Blue Bottle coffee! The service is great. Our last waiter let us try different wines before committing to a bottle and was very friendly and helpful.Yeah...this IS my favorite restaurant in SF and it's reaffirmed every single time I come. I've made a mental note of people I want to take to Nopa and can't wait to go back.
My favorite resto of all time. Been coming here for over 4 years, and have yet to be disappointed by their dinners and brunches. My go to for Sazeracs and solid wine list and bloodies too (try it with scotch/whiskey substitute). I look forward to their seasonal menus and amuse bouches. Siempre.
+ open late+ unique flavors+ awesome drinks+ good serving size (went with 2 other girls, ordered 1 thing from each section and was stuffed)- pricey, but i think it's worth it once in awhilewill definitely come back. a good place for out-of-towners.
There aren't too many "nice" restaurants in SF serving dinner until 1 am on a weeknight. And I can definitely appreciate the rarity. JCP, PL, and I came on a Wednesday night at 11pm. The hostess seated us immediately. The restaurant is comfortably spacious with a vaulted ceiling and an urban rustic feel. We were given a complimentary tasting of toast with some kind of spread which I could smell the lemon fragrance. I liked the citrus flavor in the spread; it was different and it was a nice way to tease my palate. (yelp.com/biz_photos/ttar)The Hamburger, a hand formed grass fed meat patty cooked to a medium rare, was sandwiched between a soft brioche bun. The patty was thick, juicy, and accompanied by tasty pickled onions and crispy fries. (yelp.com/biz_photos/ttar) The burger was good but what really got my attention was the Country Pork Chop. I couldn't keep my eyes off the unforgettable piece of tasty Pork Chop sitting on soft polenta served with roasted asparagus and spring onion salsa. The portion was jaw dropping enormous, at least 12 ounces. It was a strange cut of a pork chop that I have never seen before. It was fully seasoned, well prepared, and cooked in a way that would send someone who disliked pork chops, like myself, to praise it. My cousin remarked that the portion was big enough to cover both the entree and the dessert. He also kept saying "mmmm" with each bite he took. I was really annoyed and jealous because I was too full to eat it myself. However I tasted a few bites and WOW it was like eating a big piece of bacon. Charred on the outside and juicy on the inside. I can't stop thinking about it. NOPA is now my go-to place for pork chops. (bookmarked) (yelp.com/biz_photos/ttar)Less impressive was the Roasted Cauliflower with capers and golden raisins. The cauliflower crowns were perfectly cooked with a crunchy bite but I couldn't taste the capers. It was bland and the raisins didn't enhance the flavor. (yelp.com/biz_photos/ttar)NOPA has an enticing dessert menu but we ended the night with a friend's recommendation the Sopaipillas. The pillow beignets, dusted with sugar, was soft and airy and has a sticky sweetness if you drizzle the warm honey-butter sauce. Yummy goodness!!! (yelp.com/biz_photos/ttar)The whole experience was great, casual, and friendly. I like that NOPA serves seasonal ingredients from local suppliers. I definitely want to go back for the pork chops and try out other desserts such as the lavender pot de crme, buttermilk cake with lemon mousse, and rose ice cream parfait with cognac pound cake. They even offer Cowgirl Creamery cheeses. Can you tell I'm a meat and dessert girl?
Dropped in with 2 friends for a late(r) dinner a few weeks back. Started with a few cocktails while we waited for a table, all of them were great. Nice vibe, obviously this place has been around and they know what they are doing. Did a few apps, including the flatbread and were a bit underwhelmed after the hype our server gave them. They were alright, but not great.  For the entrees we tried a few as well, including a papperdelle, duck and chicken dish. It seems like some of them may have been sitting in the window for a bit too long as the temp wasn't where it should have been when they arrived. They were very tasty though and if served as they are intended I'm sure would have left a better impression. Service was a bit off as well, but I've heard that kind of is just how it works here. After yelping around a bit looks like I need to come back for the pork chop... which I just might do.
Excellent and inventive kale salad followed by tender grass fed burger with crispy fries. The cocktails were special and the scene is relatively trend but not over the top. Nice, high ceilings give it an industrial and warm feel.
Absolutely phenomenal.Everything I tried was amazing. Get the burger.This place is worth all the hype. And it's open late. Love it.
Pork chop.That is all.
For the adventuresome, this is one of the better restaurants in SF. The parking in the neighborhood is a bitch: plan on at least 45 minutes to snag a spot on the streets. By all means drink here--the best way to enjoy the Nopa Experience. The mixologists really know a thing or two: you will want to explore this side of the menu at a leasurely pace before taking a table. They do wonderful things with the brown distilled spirits. I love The Lock--a rum-based libation. The menu changes daily and I tend to stay on the light side: soups and salads. This was recommended to me from my daughter and remains a special place to celebrate family matters. She is the bomb and so is this restaurant.
With nearly 1800 reviews for NOPA already, there's not much I'll be able to say other than to continue the hype.A menu that changes daily, it makes for a curious time sitting there, thinking about what you're going to have for dinner. To Order:Pork Chops-Even though there are many reviews on Yelp stating that the Pork Chops are the way to go... I feel like the point wasn't made well enough. GET THE PORK CHOPS. Unless you're allergic to pork specifically, give it a shot and see what I'm talking about.The Daily Flatbread-A MAJOR surprise of the night. It's a relatively pricey appetizer, but well worth it purely for the tasting experience. From what I was told, the flatbread changes daily as well. The one we ordered had bacon, cream sauce, and asparagus. The combination of flavors created a suuuper flavorful dish, one that won't be forgotten very easily.I loved the atmosphere... hip, but not snooty. The wait staff was very friendly, the layout of the restrooms was pretty cool, and I just had a splendid time there.5 Stars for good measure.
LOVE this place! I came here to celebrate my 25th with my parents, and it was a great choice. We started with the albacore and flatbread - the ingredients were so fresh and beautifully presented. For the main entrees, we had the chicken, halibut and burger. The chicken was good, but the halibut and burger were much better. The burger was topped with gruyere and came with the most incredible pesto aioli sauce.... mouthwatering! The halibut was lightly seared and came on top of fresh veggies - haricot verts, tomatoes, and summer beans. All of the ingredients were truly fresh, as if they came straight from a farmers market. Now I understand why it's always so hard to get a reservation!
I am totally sold on this place. Hubby and I went to the Katchafire concert , next door at The Independent, and of course we were hungry ;) We just found the first place that was open. Their grass fed hamburger with bleu cheese and bacon has forever changed my palate. I cannot have a normal hamburger. It seriously was heaven, I had to hold back from stealing from my husband. We also had the grilled Rabbit, and now I love rabbit, but only if they make it! the wild rice and salad were a perfect side dish. Everyone was very friendly, the service was great! I wish we had gotten dessert, but that will lure me to eat there next time i'm in the city. Parking is pretty rough, but we lucked out that night. I love the everything about this place!
I love Nopa. The service is friendly and the place isn't overly pretentious. Prices are amazing for the food quality you get. The pork chop was the best I've ever eaten. Would definitely come back again.
I love brunch. Easily my favorite meal. Since Zazie's has forsaken me, I've been on the hunt for a good brunch spot nearby. A friend mentioned that NOPA had an intriguing brunch menu, so today we decided to check it out. First of all, let me say that a reservation would be recommended; my friend and I showed up around 10 on a Saturday and were told we could wait for 30 minutes for a table or sit at the bar, or a community table. We decided to sit at the community table, which wasn't ideal, but not bad, either. A little on the pricy side, but, holy cow, the food was AMAZING. My friend and I ordered the butter basted eggs and the custard french toast, and both were AMAZING, and everything that was delivered around us looked great, too. Add in the Blue Bottle espresso, and I'm putting it on my list of places to take out of town visitors, and special occasion brunches.
Always a great meal - Nopa is one of my favorite restaurants in San Francisco. What I'm about to say is not much different from what everyone else talks about, and that is because this restaurant is amazingly consistent in all departments: service, cocktails, and food. They are constantly updating both their drink and food menus to keeps things interesting. On my last visit the cocktail menu was inspired by Wu-Tang, which was pretty awesome, and given that all of the food ingredients are locally-sourced and fresh, you really can't go wrong when ordering. My personal favorite (again unlike many who have reviewed this restaurant) is the pork chop - it's very difficult for me not to order this every time I go in. If you're visiting San Francisco and want to eat at a quintessential San Francisco restaurant, Nopa would be my recommendation.
Nopa is a busy operation firing on all cylinders - warm welcome, informed and friendly servers, efficient and inspired cooks (under the watchful eye of owner/chef Laurence Jossel). The small menu offers something for everyone - the ingredients are top notch, the dishes well thought-out, the execution excellent.Sitting upstairs was actually very nice, with a bird's view of the large restaurant and kitchen,diners and staff.We liked the fried pickled green beans with little padrones peppers - done like a fine tempura - and also the larger vegetarian plate, the moroccan tajine. My favorite appetizer though was the wood grilled squab with pieces of watermelon. The little bird was perfectly cooked, its rich, medium rare meat exuding a smoky earthiness and resting on a wonderful glace de viande (I really missed a sauce spoon or some bread to enjoy the last drop of that amazing sauce). I don't think I ever resisted fresh anchovies, so we ordered the house-made fettucine with anchovies, grilled tomatoes and capers - a good dish albeit, regrettably, with rather little anchovies. A good stone fruit and berry crisp with "smoke and whiskey" ice cream goes very well with the excellent coffees, although I tasted neither smoke nor whiskey ("vanilla" was more like it).The list of spirits, cocktails, wines and beers is superb - I very much enjoyed The Aristocrat (gin, campari, sherry) despite my plebeian origin and outlook, and since I am a fan of Moonlight beers (from Santa Rosa), I ordered the two available on tap here. Delicious.This is a really fun restaurant neighborhood.
Last night we attended a show at the Independent that was quite disappionting - perhaps my review should be of the band Crystal Castles, but instead I'd rather focus on the positive - NOPA.We were seated at a sweet table in the balcony section, so we had a view of everyone else - loved it. Our server was fabulous, Nick, I think. His suggestions were spot on.We ordered the braised calamari - it was perfectly tender, wonderfully cooked, but I felt like the flavor was just too intense. It was presented on delcious bread that became soaked with the juices of the dis, which was great, but I felt like we needed a little something to balance out the intensity. We also ordered the little fried fish which were just so tasty. We ordered the giant beans too - apparently we like food that comes with a size description. They were divine - I'm going to try and recreate them at home tonight! We finished with the ginger cake - omg - so great. It was rich, spicy with divine pears...mmm..mmm.mmmm!This experience was much improved after my original visit which involved a douchbag guy in a velvet jacket accosting me at the bar. So I love NOPA for later dining and when it's not overly busy...that's my verdict.Thanks for turning our lame show evening into a delightful experience!
Pork chops, burger, flatbread, calamari, and watermelon salad...my fave!! Love the atmosphere and it's open late! Parking is always a b**** but well worth it. The place is always packed so try to make reservations or you will be looking at a 30 minute wait...though go there late late night and it's be easy to get a table.
Unfortunately I now have a black eye.I punched myself in the face for waiting so long to check out Nopa, despite many friends telling me they loved it. I've admittedly fallen into the Opentable trap, where I ignore places not on there because it is so convenient to use, and they were not on there for a long time. Regardless they are now and I have a lovely black eye.The place is fantastic. I usually try to wait until I have been to a place 2 times before reviewing (unless it is awful and I never go back), but I can't wait here. From the impeccable, unpretentious service, to the extremely lively vibe, I was feeling it the moment we walked in. The mood was so good, that I ignored that we were sat at the one table in the joint that was a semi-same-side-seater, as there were really no alternatives besides the communal table (not a fan).Our waitress was great, and her recommendations were just amazing. The cucumber salad, which I would have never ordered, had to be one of the most memorable starter salads I've had in ages. The large cucumber "chunks" are marinated in something, and accompanied by pickled beets, tomatoes, olives, large chunks of feta & garlic croutons. It was so light and refreshing. We also ordered their olive oil poached halibut salad, which was great as well. The oil, combined with a hint of vinegar, and the other salad components worked like magic.The flatbread, as many have mentioned on here, is really delicious. Topped with house made fennel sausage, corn and arugula, it was so good I had to push it away before I was out of room for our shared entree.What can I say about this pork chop? I wouldn't normally order a pork chop, but our server was raving about it. It was probably the best I have ever had. It's a massive cut for one, and gushing with juicy meat. Topped with corn and a basil butter, it was really something else. Loved every bite and ate until I could barely move.I can't wait to go back. If you haven't been, go.
One of my favorites. I absolutely love the warm ambiance and high ceilings. The food and drinks are very good and they sure know how to prepare lamb. I really like that they're very seasonal and that the menu is constantly changing. Not to mention, they stay open late unlike most good restaurants in SF.
My friend and I were really excited to get a reservation to NOPA, even on short notice on a Sunday night. We stopped in as a group of five and were ushered to the bar first to have a cocktail before our seating. There was full bar that was crowded, but had the full variety of wines, beers and cocktails that you would expect from this type of place. I was really pleased with how friendly and attentive the bartender was.Once we were seated, we decided to order some appetizers to share including a peppery fondue that was excellent, and that was served with some delicious marinated olives. As a main, I ordered the hamburger and was not disappointed - The portions were generous and everything was extremely well-prepared. NOPA was the type of place that made me want to pair my burger with a glass of wine, which is what I did and was totally pleased with it. The food here is good, but very unpretentious, and that's a great touch since it is so highly regarded. The interior of the restaurant is a lofty, open and bright space that had a really friendly and diverse crowd of diners. There is a large communal wooden table up front where you can sit and rub elbows with others (maybe strangers if you're really outgoing), but there are also a lot of other tables including some nice settes against the wall (which is where my group sat). The wait staff and servers were friendly and efficient, as well as patient with the others I was with who had a few questions about the different things on the menu.Overall, I think this place mostly deserves its great reputation and I would be happy to come back for another great meal.
Another restaurant I wanted to give good reviews for...I originally tried to get a reservation here 2 months ago for my birthday last month, but I was unable to get one. My friends rave about how good this place is, especially the porkchops....but I was disappointed, I'm not sure if this was because it was overhyped or I was tired from going to a concert at the Independent a block down.Service: Service was a big plus here, they were quick and very attentive, although a smile on their faces could have helped...but it was 11:30 pm, so I guess I can't always get that.Food: It was ok, I got a porkchop and the flatbread appetizer and a glass of wine...I felt everything was salty and the porkchop was a bit bland.Parking: Street parking...not sure? I walked here, but it looks like a pain to park in this area, but was really easy to get a cab.I'll probably give this restaurant another try since people seem to rave about it and maybe I just had a so-so experience.
"Appetizers were great; had a variety of the best cheeses, early girl tomatoes (amazing), but dinner entree was good, but not great. Had higher expectations. Gets pretty noisy...but good space. Kinda outta the way unless you live in the panhandle and thereabouts"
Absolutely wonderful all the way around, a good place to just to hang out too! During the 4 months that I lived in Napa, I've been to Nopa in SF more often than I was at any restaurant in Napa. That was how much my friend and I loved Nopa.We met the Chef de Cuisine, Chef Alexjandro, who's a very nice and friendly person. Always making sure his customers are being fed. Go up to say hi to customers and answers questions that people may have. The bartender whom we absolutely adore was Kaylene, he is very attentive and makes amazing drinks. It's true, about the pork chop! :) They are juicy, flavorful, and huge!  One of my friend had the duck, it was also very juicy and flavorful. We were very impressed when they had this beautiful grilled sardine appetizer. Over all a great experience, highly recommended.
After noticing NOPA, it took my boyfriend and me a year to finally eat here. I'm a little sad that we didn't' come sooner.We ate here for brunch and got the latest seating to start off our lazy Saturday. I love how well lit this place is- excellent for taking photos, especially of the delicious and pretty food.  Brunch menu seems small but there are a lot of great dishes on there. I had a hard time deciding what to get because they all sounded good. We started wit the spring lettuce salad. The strawberries were so sweet and fresh and the cava vinaigrette was light and refreshing. I ended up getting the chile rubbed braised pork with black eyed peas, mustard greens and very tasty buttermilk biscuit. I loved how tender the pork. Only complaint, I wish there was more mustard greens. The boyfriend got the hamburger with pickled onions served on a nicely toasted and airy brioche bun. The patty was thick and perfectly cooked medium rare. It was also served with fries-- in house cut fries that were super crispy, even at the end of the meal.  The interior of the restaurant is very homey and the staff is very friendly. Our food came out really quick and our water glasses were constantly being filled. I liked our server with the pretty blue eyes. He was nice and always smiling. He was also not pushy about making us get desserts. I hate places that try too hard. I'd love to come back and try dinner at Nopa.
Very high quality restaurant. I go here about twice a month on average, and I hold myself back from going more often.The bartenders are fabulous, so for drinks, I generally stick with cocktails, usually whiskey ones -- Manhattan, Sazerac, Blood & Sand are all great here. A very nice Nopa bartender gave my boyfriend a detailed explanation of their sazeracs one night, and he now replicates them at home very well. The specials are always worth checking out. Love the Peated Cocchi currently on the menu. The Blue Bottle Martini (listed on the dessert menu) is a must-have.About half the food menu is static, and the rest is seasonal with a few new items showing up every week. (Look at @nopasf on Twitter to find out what's new daily.) * pork chop - great, but huge, good for splitting* hamburger - excellent & lowest priced entree* chicken - tasty, huge portion, but I prefer their red meatsIf you're looking to spend less, getting appetizers & sides works well.* flatbread - seasonal toppings, cooked in wood oven, good for a crowd* little fried fish - yummy crispy, good for a crowd* sardines - cooked in wood oven, amazing* salads - seasonal ingredients, always good* giant white beans - good, homey flavor, but a bit too soupy* grilled broccoli - this will make you love broccoli. If it's not on the menu, but they have some other side that's flavored with anchovies, get that.Most of the dessert menu is seasonal, except for sopaipillas, which are a good stand-by. I tend to like the ones that have a savory element (salt, bacon, etc.) or interesting ice cream. My all-time favs are a sticky toffee pudding and a milk & cookies riff, but haven't seen those on the menu in a while. Again, get that Blue Bottle Martini,It's pretty easy to get seated Monday thru Wednesday nights. I tend to eat late and am usually seated quickly if I go after 10pm on busier nights. If you go at 8pm on Friday/Saturday without a reservation, you're in for a 1.5+ hour wait. I prefer to sit at the bar or the chef's table in front of the kitchen; the chefs are fun to watch. There's also tables upstairs that look over the kitchen.
Interesting layout... IIRC, this used to be a bank, before it was a restaurant.We sat upstairs on the balcony and had a view of the action on the main floor. Vegetarians, be aware that your options will probably be limited. The french fries are very good. However, do make mention of your vegetarianism, as it sounds like they might have some which are not (duck fat fries, perhaps?). While my Targine and fries were ultimately to my liking, my honey's pork chop was declared to be only mediocre. After hearing the hype for the past year, I truly expected the food to be off the charts, which it just wasn't. The service was very good, and we appreciated that. The space was very noisy, however, though sitting upstairs might have made it a little more tolerable.
Great porkchops!Love the place too for being open late and making their own bitters. (pretty cool!)
After dinner at another restaurant nearby, we came to NOPA SF for cocktails. I was glad we did. It was getting late on a Saturday night, but we somehow slid onto a couple of bar stools right away. The parking karma was bad this night, but the seating karma was fantastic!This was my first time at NOPA, but I was brought here by my friend Ann who is a regular. I am told that the kitchen is open very late. It was 11PM and the place was bustling like 8PM at your typical restaurant. The aromas coming from the open kitchen were great. I will try some food next time I visit.The ambiance is nice, it is a mostly 30-something urban crowd. There is a huge community table near the door which looked fun. There is upstairs dining in a balcony and lots of seating on the main floor, but the place was full-on packed at midnight.The cocktail menu was impressive. The mixologist who planned this was either going for trendy ingredients, or really knew their stuff. I'll have to try a few more bevvies before I know for sure. Having been in a discussion about good rum earlier in the evening, I went for The Lock, according to the menu a mix of rum, bonal, vermouth and a grapefruit twist. In practice, I totally missed the grapefruit, in fact, my two cocktails had an orange peel in them, hmmm. It was pretty good, just the same. My friend ordered something "off the menu" that they used to serve. I forget the name, I tried it and it was refreshing.One warning for the uninitiated: the cocktails are served in very small glasses at relatively higher prices. You can go here for a couple, but if you really want to get your drink on, start here for something good, then hop, skip and jump your way down the road for some cheaper cocktails or you may have a heart attack when your tab comes. These little thimbles-full will go fast and they are so good that you will suck down a baker's dozen before your buzz kicks in.Bottom line: pretty good place with some interesting qualities.
3.5 stars. It was A-OK! Definitely call to make a reservation. The reservation system online said that there wasn't anything open for a party of 3 until past 9:30 pm on a Saturday night. I called and they had 6:15, 6:30, 6:45, etc. It's hard to review San Francisco restaurants because for the most part, everything in the city is delicious. I came here specifically for the bacon flatbread, which was good. I'm the type of person who doesn't like fruit in savory dishes. If you're like me, you won't love the random fruit in the flatbread (plums? peaches?). The duck was really good, cooked perfectly. The rabbit pasta was also good. The chicken wasn't exceptional, but the avocado salad was great. I wouldn't order the chicken out of the other good entrees. I enjoyed my pricey meal, but I don't think I'll be going back.
Well, they got part of their name right...."NOPE"Ah.I don't get the hype. Seriously? What is the draw about this place? Overpacked yuppie snobs, barely mediocre food and drink, but the reason they even have 1 star is the wait staff was quite nice and accommodating.I don't even remember what I ordered, that's how memorable it was.Look at my ratings..I don't rate that much. But, I only rate when something has awe struck me or dumb struck me. This time was the latter.+1 to Katie C. This place blows.
It's true their pork chop is great. Their side dishes such as grilled broccoli is awesome too. However here are the reasons why I am NOT coming back.1. Arrived at NOPA at 5:20pm on a Sunday evening with a few friends (it opens at 6), we didn't have reservation. We were told wait is 4 hrs. Excuse me...but only few ppl were at the bar and some ppl were sitting at the communal table. The hostess seemed very snobby and her attitude towards us was "Dont you guys know that we are booked months ahead of time?2. We hung around the communal table, they sat some ppl to their reserved tables and space opened up. A group of 4 ppl arrived wayafter us literally fought over two of our chairs from the communal table. One of our friend was so nice he gave them up since those ppl were so vicious! We had 4 chairs for the 6 of us, one guy stood for 2 hrs and us 3 girls share two chairs.3. After 6pm, more and more ppl were waiting for the communal table to open up. We had ppl standing right behind us, looking over our food, making out and dying for us to finish our food and leave.For goodness sakes, if I were to drop easily $50-70 per person for food here. I better have a seat to go along with that! I don't care how great your food is, it's one of the worst dining experience (food is the only good thing here) and I really don't want to be fighting over chairs with people. It's ridiculous!!
Overall, I have to say that I disagree with the majority of yelp reviewers about NOPA. I am disappointed. I've been waiting for months to go, and now that I've tried it, I found the food overpriced and somewhat bland. Don't believe the hype. Plus - Parking was easy* Good wine list Quality, seasonal ingredients Locally grown Good service Minus - It takes 2 weeks to get a reservation at a reasonable hour The food is bland It's overpriced We ordered the fried fish, fried tomatoes, halibut, and rotisserie chicken. My favorite was the fried tomatoes, but I'm not sure NOPA is serving up better fried tomatoes than any other restaurant. The halibut was cooked well, but somewhat bland, and the rotisserie chicken was no better than a rotisserie chicken that you could purchase at Safeway. We also purchased 4 glasses of viognier. The total bill was $150 - very expensive for bland food and a couple weeks wait. I think we will save our money and go to The Matterhorn or Alegrias in the future. Much less bland and worth the money. *We got there at 5pm, and may have been lucky
Nopa has remade the Western Addition--it's sort of allowed it to realize its full potential. The cuisine was very well prepared for such a large restaurant and the service was prompt and helpful and knew the cuisine well. The noise level is very high, but I didn't mind it, and the cocktail list is imaginative and I will be replicating one I had at home. I was in doubt, four or five stars, and if you're in doubt, I think you should be generous.
I love the energy at Nopa. Everyone is having a good time and the food is superb! The pork chop is as good as it's hyped up to be. We were also big fans of the asparagus salad. However, we could've done without the popular flatbread.It took us forever to get a reservation at a decent time, but it was well worth the wait. Parking is difficult in this area so we were a little late, but they still accommodated us. Thanks Nopa, we'll be back!
The only reason I decided to try Nopa was because it was mentioned on the Food Network, something about flatbread with tomato, cheese and bacon. According to the food TV personality the flatbread dish with bacon was THE BEST THING SHE EVER HAD. I thought, 'hmmm, really, the BEST, and it's in SF. I have to try this.'Well the bf and I waited for about 45 minutes for a table on Friday, which is not too bad since we didn't have reservations, and ended up with a pretty good table in the center of the dining area. People watching was one of the highlights of the evening because there was a nice variety of people to look at. I was disappointed that the ONE item I really wanted was not on the menu. I asked the server about it and was told that they change their menu and that that item was no longer available with bacon, but with sausage. I know that bacon and sausage are the same animal but there is a significant taste difference. I wanted to try what I saw on TV damn it! Oh well, we ordered the flatbread with the sausage and it was good but not great. I didn't understand what the fuss was all about. It was a bit too salty for me. For the main course we split a roasted chicken with asparagus. The chicken was cooked nicely but the asparagus was covered in butter. We chose to skip dessert but did have a couple of drinks. The bf had a Trumer Pilsner for $4 and I had iced tea, not too bad. I thought the restroom situation was interesting. They do not have separate restrooms for men and women but instead have 4 single enclosed toilets and a sink between them. It was a little strange but at least it was clean. Parking around the city is always difficult so just be prepared to walk. My experience was okay. I don't think I'll be back though.
I really do not understand the hype. I feel like this place is a expensive watering hole for yuppies who just like to brag that they have been here. to be honest this place blows. i went here for my b-day a while ago and tried to order some drinks at the bar before we were sat. the bartender was completely rude and had a holier than thou attitude. i just want a beer, not sacred jesus tears on a silver platter. in the yuppy-like fashion, you get a meager amount of morsels on your plate for $30 a plate. the food was nothing to rave about. true, i have gone to nice restaurants and ordered food without griping about my expenses. but the only thing that i expect because it is a nice establishment is good-quality and friendly service. seriously... if you aren't yuppy and a somewhat sensible person, steer clear of this place.
Best brunch in the city, french toast best I've ever had and the cocktails are some of the best in the city as well.
As if there weren't enough glowing reviews of NOPA on yelp already....well, here's another one!  We went to NOPA this past Sunday and it was AH- MAZING! Simple and fresh ingredients exquisitely prepared. Granted it was just me and the hubs on a rare date night without the kids, we still started with a few appetizers since they all looked so good.  We had the warm goat cheese with crostini and pickled beets & turnips. (This was by far my favorite!) We also had the asparagus salad with bacon topped with a poached egg, and the parmesan soup with bacon. Simply delicious.For our entrees, I had the lamb with soft polenta and cherry relish and the hubs had the country pork. Both cooked to perfection and every bite savored!For dessert, we got the rhubarb shortcake and the housemade sorbet with chocolate macaron (well, I am a huge macaron fan so this was a must!).  But only order the rhubarb shortcake is good if you like rhubarb. The sorbets- especially the chocolate-were to die for! I can't wait for our next meal at NOPA!
Really 4.5 stars. Been to Nopa a few times the first year it opened, but only recently came back, partly because it is so difficult to get reservations. I finally decided to just show up for the first come first served seats at the bar and community table. A bit of an interesting experience. First, it is very awkward to be stalking people while they're eating (although thank you to the servers who are really nice about telling you which diners are more likely to finish first). Second, because the vibe at nopa is awesome, people seem to just dilly dally and hang out for a very long time, sipping their wines, chatting and having a good ol' time, so the wait is very long. In any case, you can also put your name on the wait list for a table, and so at 10 pm, we were seated on the balcony overlooking the dining room (this was a great place to people-watch, although my favorite is still the two seats at the kitchen counter where you get to see it all in the making). Anyways, the vibe as I indicated, is awesome. Love the decor, the bar, the ambience, the energy. This place is hopping until super late. The servers and hostesses were all really nice. The parking, as others have indicated, is awful. Take a cab. It seems pretty easy to find a cab after dinner, as there seemed to be a lot of them pulling up. Now on to the food. The meal was very good and hit the spot. We had:- the flatbread with bacon, mushrooms and crescenza - very good- wilted chicories with bacon, farm egg, pomegranate and walnuts, served in a clay pot - this tasted like a cold-weather dish and was really tasty. (probably a bit salty)- housemade pappardelle, with bolognese and carrots - i really liked the homecooking taste of this. - duck breast - bf enjoyed this. Other times I've come, the burger, and the blue bottle coffee martini were also memorable. I know this isn't comfort food in the proper sense of that phrase, but that's the description that keeps coming back to me just because this is where you go to have a good time, with good friends, and good food. The food isn't super refined, creative, or fancy, but it's very good, reasonably priced and the experience overall is excellent.
I came here for brunch and late night dinner and the things we ordered were delicious. I have to admit I was surprised given my first visit here. For brunch, we tried their butter braised eggs and whiskey pork. Word of advice: If you don't have reservations, come right at 10:30 to get on their waitlist. If there aren't tables, stalk the bar.
I just recently took my Dad here and we were both first timers. First impression...A plus! When you see over 2000 reviews there must be a reason. This place was great and I can't wait to try other dishes on the menu. Moderately priced so easy on the wallet. The other thing that sets this restaurant from others is the service was good and knowledgeable (I can tell that the servers where trained on how to describe the food, which is good when your having a hard time deciding on what to have). I think you can order anything on the menu and you can't go wrong. The cons, Reservations are a must and make them a week in a advanced.And it can get quite loud as it was hard having a conversation unless you yell a cross the table. Final Verdict: 5 Stars...this place is off the chain. lol I could eat here everyday.
This place is seriously good. Definitely in my top 5 restaurants in the city. I've never had anything that I would not describe as absolutely delicious here. Everything from their cocktails to their desserts is great, including their space, which is awesome. Everyone who works here is super nice, knowledgeable and helpful.The only thing I don't like about NOPA is how long it takes to get a reservation and how long you have to wait for a table, because I get hangry (hungry + angry when I don't eat. But really, I guess this just proves how good it is.Annnnd, not to jump on the bandwagon, but the chicken is freaking amazing.
I came here for a late-night dessert with a large group of six.Wow, this place was completely packed. It seemed to be a bit of a see-and-be-see scene -- pretty cool.As soon as we were seated, when the waiter found out that we were just going to have dessert and coffee, he freaked out and almost made us get up and go until the manager came by and rescued the situation. This was at 11:30 PM on a Tuesday, mind you. Anyway, if we were forced to get up and go, I would definitely be rating this place much lower.The desserts were pretty good. I recommend the butterscotch tart and the strawberry trifle.I hope to come back and hit this place up for dinner or brunch some time soon.Beware: parking was a bit difficult in this area.
The vibe ain't bullshit.The food and drinks ain't neither.You ain't wanna miss.
OMG NOPA has the BEST burgers and pork chops, was a common theme when I told people I was going there for the first time.To be completely honest, I think it was overhyped. The food was good, but not as mind blowing as I was led to believe. Made a reservation for 9 and we got there at 8, so bummed around at the bar for awhile, crowded and I got some drink spilled on me by another patron. I was meh about that. But otherwise, the drinks were strong and good. For the main meal we ordered the burger and a pasta of some sort. Neither of us are very big meat eaters so avoided the pork chop. The burger was good. yes...but honestly, I still prefer the burger from Chez Maman. Overall it was a pleasant experience, just a tad overhyped. Food was yum. :)
The most super duper birthday dinner ever!We had the olive oil poached albacore which was basically a deconstructed nicoise salad which I see on Top Chef but I never really got...until now! The flavors were amazing and fresh with the egg, beans, tomatoes, potatoes and olives working as a good support cast to the star, the poached albacore that just melted...I mean just slid oozing of charm in my mouth with the best flavor. I could just marry this dish. (Movie star sigh)Our other starters, the cauliflower wild mushroom soup and lamb sausage flat bread were equally yummy. Our bomb ass server discreetly asked if we were sharing everything and then split our soup into two bowls. I like common sense mixed with thoughtfulness.Our main courses were the vegetable tagine and burger which we shared. The server recommended a wine that she said went with the tagine and she wasn't kidding. the wine suggestion actually made the tagine, which was good but not out of this world. The sips of wine between bites actually made the entree. The burger is famous and I don't need to say any more about it since it was voted in the top 10 burgers in SF. The pickled onions were a nice touch.The whole bill came to something very very reasonable for such great food and is probably the reason why people return time after time again! It's Sunday night and the place was packed upt he wazooo!
Had a great late night birthday dinner with a lively crowd and nice wait staff. Everything we had was yummy. I had the duck and it was very tender, not oily, plus there was enough to take home to make a yummy sandwich the next day. If it was closer to me, I'd go more often.
I've been to NOPA once before but it was years ago so this review is long overdue. Both times we've dined at NOPA we've had a really good experience. We sat upstairs last time and tonight they were walking us up there but we asked if we could sit downstairs and they accommodated. We met up with some friends for dinner and we were doing a lot of talk and catching up so it took us a while to order but the waiter was very patient with us which was nice. We ordered the flatbread to start with and share and it was really tasty. For our mains meals we each had something different and they included the burger, chicken, porkchop and duck. Everything was really tasty and well cooked. For dessert we had the carmelized apple with ice cream which had a nice flavor as well. The atmosphere at NOPA is great and we've always had a good meal here.
Almost a 4, but not quite there. Went to NOPA this past Saturday for brunch and liked it a lot -- the service was fantastic, the atmosphere was really casual and modern, and the food was good. I may have had high expectations, but the menu just didn't impress me and the food was good, not great. I got the goat cheese bread pudding (which was unbelievable - the best thing I've tasted in a while) and the farm egg in tomato sauce - which was alright but kind of disappointing. I'd definitely recommend trying this place out (I'm looking forward to going back for dinner) but not sure it lives up to the hype that I've heard.
I had the homemade pappardelle pasta with fish here and it was the most delicious pasta I had in awhile. We also had the creme fraiche ice cream which my daughter enjoyed. I also had the Monarch which was very delightful. I will definitely come back again!!!
This place is delicious. As a starter I had the grilled nectarines with goat cheese, bacon and some sort of green that was perfectly/freshly seasoned with lime, olive oil and salt. As a main I had the salmon with snap peas and mussels - the salmon was served pretty rare and I usually like it cooked well, so just ask to have it cooked medium-well if you are ordering this (and have the same preference). The pork chop is the biggest pork chop I have ever seen and the potatoes are well seasoned that come with the dish (although I would have preferred to have the potatoes warm.For dessert we had the ricotta cheesecake with cherries....it was perfect in size and not too sweet.Interior: We went with a group of 5 girls and it seems like there were a lot of other groups there. I wasn't blown away by the interior but is a pretty standard open/modern American style restaurant that is good for getting drinks at.The staff is a little strange and I think that our waiter was high or something...but the food is realy good so this did not matter much.
Ooooooooooooooooooooo. I'm in love and I love the feeling! I'm flush and giddy like a schoolgirl with her first crush. How did I pass this place a gazillion times and not check it out? So NOPA is a restaurant that my foodie friends have been telling me about for quite some time and somehow it's 2008 and I just had my first NOPA meal. A grass fed burger with fries, a great glass of Syrah, and the pecan pie with salted caramel ice cream. So simple and so good. The beef is incredible. It tasted like they mixed the meat with herbs, but I think it's just damn good beef cooked to perfection. The fries, oh the fries. A chill just rushed over my body just thinking about my meal. How can you possibly finish reading this review, you should be running out of your house right now on your way to NOPA.Oh oh oh, I forgot that I tasted the fried asparagus and the giant white beans that my friend Jen ordered. Yummmmmmmmmmmm. I cannot wait to go back....like next week.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Update: 1. Never go there Saturdays around 8PM, (not sure what we were thinking) the wait for a table was over 1 and a half hours.2. The churros are really good, but they give you way too much chocolate for the 3 mini churros that come in the order.
We were very lucky last night as we celebrated my girlfriend's 31st birthday at this restaurant. We ordered the best that this restaurant has to offer. Must try appetizers are the flat-bread (wished they make all pizzas using this bread) & fried fish (even the sauce was very yummy!). For dinner, we had the halibut (the way they roasted the eggplant that was served with it was just excelente!), the burger (so tender, juicy, tasty) and the pork chop (just beautifully seasoned). If you get the pork chop, definitely share because it's deliciously HUGE. For desserts, we had the caramelized apples (my favorite) & creme brulee (very light & not very sweet).  And the rose bud tea was amazing - very uniquely flavored & I love the smell of it. And of course, we loved our server Michelle! She was just very friendly and accommodating. She should win Employee of the Year Award:)Parking is a pain! So get there early and allocate 10-15mins just looking for parking.
So 1 star for now but, if the food is great I will add more. I'm just mad too cuz my girlfriends phone got stolen on the 5 bus like a street away. So big negative for area***********************K, so finishing the review, the food was pretty good with good ingredients. the hamburger was tasty.3 stars
NOPA is by far my favorite restaurant in San Francisco. It's the love of my life and I don't know how exactly they do it. But I can tell you this:1. Get the Flatbread of the day... I don't care what they put on it. GET IT.5 stars.2. Ambiance: NOPA knows how to do it simple and FABULOUS in a nonchalant kind of way. Just go there and expect to be in true love. The place is classy and handsome, but at the same time, it has a down home, easy going feel. It's like that perfect man you've been waiting to fall in love with. 5 stars.3. Pork chops are good and tender but I think people rave about them a little too much. 4 stars.4. Their chicken was AMAZING. 4.8 stars.5. Grass Fed Hamburger- It's the little things that count. The grill mark on the top of the bun, the egg wash, the pickled onions, the butter lettuce, the meat. Solid Burger. 4.8 stars. 6. Drinks are always unique, strong, stylish, and tasty. Blue Bottle Martini- AMAZING, DYNAMITE. GET IT. 5 stars.SideCar, Pisco Sour, Tea, you name it. I've had it. It's good.7. I love the community table. I love the chef linens on the table. I love you NOPA.
Although this place is pricey I must say it is DELICIOUS!!! One of my favorite spots to go to! The porkchop is so succent and mouth watering, I highly recommend that if anyone goes to this place to try their porkchop.Love the environment, very classy.... A lot of the people that come here usually are in business attire. Great food, great environment, great place. Definitely coming back when I get my financial aid paycheck. :P
This is the place to go for dinner when you want to enjoy the experience, as much as you do the food. When you first arrive, you are greeted by two of the most cheerful and well organized hostesses (Gabriella and Tamara)...and if you're lucky to get the sweet spot at the Chef's table, you then are privy to best seat in the house in front of the brick oven.Our waiter was phenomenal and the food, the food is worth the commotion.Here's some of the high level items we got:1) Get the sardines, I know..most the time when you hear sardines, you think in a can and not the best thing ever; however, at NOPA, you're in for a treat. The preparation, the textures are all well balanced.2) The trout was to die for, rich enough to feel sinful, but light enough where you're not completely guilt ridden when the dessert menu rolls around (note: my friend had food envy and ended up with the same entree)3) Broccoli (side-dish) will never be the same, I think it was the breadcrumbs....4) Had I had room, I would have tried the chocolate souffle...next time, since there will be a next time.
First time at NOPA and glad to have been introduced to this place. Good food and great selection of drinks.I had the Halibut and loved it. The sauce was light and flavorful. No real complaints.
This is one of the best restaurants I have been to in a while. Not only was the food delicious but the service and presentation was OUTSTANDING! The space is super fun with one side being the eating area and the other side being the bar. We happened to eat upstairs with our large group which meant that it was a little bit quieter. Often times when you sit away from the masses you end up being the forgotten table but not in this case. They were very attentive and each dish was laid out beautifully.I will definitely go back!
I'm not going to describe NOPA's menu, or any of the amazing dishes I was served throughout my meal. There's no point really- their offerings change daily.  Let's keep this simple:Trust NOPA, they know what they are doing.From the moment you walk in, throughout the hour you might wait for a table, to the last bit of your house made trio of sorbets, you will have a great time.A+ MenuA+ WaitstaffA+ CocktailsA+ PresentationA+ AtmosphereA+ For fresh, perfectly prepared dishes.My new favorite restaurant.
Oh, NOPA, NOPA.. why must you taunt me with your sublime drinks, delectable food, and staying open until 1 am? You are the star of your eponymous neighborhood. I waited for a special occasion to experience your bounties and my American citizenship celebration dinner last August was when I finally tried your famous pork chop (awesome) and shared a magnum of champagne with good friends (good times). But the last visit was about something a bit more practical. You see, your burger is ranked #3 on 7x7 Best Burgers list, and Melanie N, Gene X, and I were excited to reach the final 3 on our burger tour.We called for a reservation a couple of days ahead, but were told 9:15 was the earliest one. So we decided to just show up and see if we could snag a place at the bar or something. Well, even at 6 pm, the bar and the communal table were busy. The hostess said the earliest table would open in 2 hours, so we got a round of drinks to while away the time. But the fortune must have been on our side, because we got the table in less than an hour!We ordered a flatbread as the starter, a burger each (mine, medium-rare, with bacon and Gruyre cheese), and a bottle of Lost Abbey Avant Red Barn ale to continue lubricating the spokes of time. The flatbread was tasty, but to be honest, the Mission Beach one we had before blew it out of the water. The burger, though, was a serious competitor. It arrived on a big plate with a pile of fries and two ramekins of mayo and ketchup. I tried the fries with the condiments first, and they were good, but not fantastic. I did like that both the mayo and the ketchup looked to be house-made -the mayo was thick and creamy, and the ketchup had a good balance between tanginess and sweetness and tasted of actual tomatoes. The burger itself was great, medium-rare as ordered and juicy. The bun was one of the best one we tried so far -toasted on the grill, it held up very well to the juices and cradled everything nicely. The pickled onions were good too, if a bit one dimensional. The bacon, however, was disappointing - too thin and crunchy, a bit overfried.Overall, a very solid burger that rightfully deserves its reputation. However, its competition in the 7x7 list is strong and I would have to place it at #4 spot for now.NOPA, though.. NOPA gets the top spot.
damn i am full. *burp* oopsie sorry not very lady like :) came here with some friends tonight and had a great experience.Food was awesome like the yelp reviews stated.We had the wood grilled squab, meat was super tender and the flavoring was excellent! Also had the bacon flatbread, which was yummy.Our waitress was kinda odd tho. Seemed offended when my friend asked me what a squab was instead of her. I'm not trying to steal your thunder lady, chill.I had the halibut for my entree and the fish was cooked perfectly. Had a bite of my friend's chicken and it was super delish! I'm always wary of chicken at restaurants since most of the time it's overcooked and dry. But this was actually moist and tasty! Fries were ok... needs more salt.. I might just eat too salty. lol.For dessert, we had the strawberry shortbread with vanilla rosemary ice cream. i loved the strawberries and ice cream! but the shortbread was just ok.. we also had the lavender pot de creme, dark chocolate pudding cake, and candied kumquats. i can only eat some much of creme and chocolate cake so we had leftovers of that. not a huge fan of that dessert.parking is difficult around the restaurant. i had to hike up the hill to the park after my huge meal, which i guess is a good thing. lol. overall, everything was yummy!
Tasty cocktails. Love that they have a great selection of true aperitif type cocktails to start the night with, another round of dinner cocktails, and some fabulous drinkable dessert options. On top of a stellar whiskey and bourbon menu (Black Maple Hill....hells yeah!)The Fino Noir was delicious - a great blend of manzanilla and averna amaro. Definitely more on the spirituous side, but that's how I like 'em. Not too sweet and well-balanced citrus notes with just a hint of orange. The blue bottle coffee martini is fantastic, but so is the less-hyped Shakerato with sambuca and espresso. A nice blend of licorice spicy with deep coffee goodness. That being said, the food was kinda meh outside of the flatbread, which was awesome (although huge!). Fish and pork chop were both well done, but they lacked the something special that I was expecting with all the hype surrounding this place. Give me something I can remember!I'll probably be back, but just for drinks at the bar.
3.5 stars. It has been a while since I've been there, but whatever I had was good, well seasoned. Portions are a little small, and a bit pricey, but the quality is good.Atmosphere is okay, a bit packed seating and loud. Parking the area is very tough, as the waitstaff said NOPA stands for NOPArking.
Got there by accident and cant wait to eat there again!!!! the best food I've had in so long!!! If you go there you've got to try their pickled beets salad! all the food we ordered was delicious and the price was fair enough for what you get for it.
So I decided to write a review on this place. It is amazing! I have been here for dates, birthdays, and brunch. The wait is worth it!!!! To avoid waiting, I certainly recommend dining late. (8pm and after)Last time I try going here with my bf, there was an hour wait so we decided to go to a pizza joint that opened up down the street. It wasn't Nopa but satisfied by hunger.The pork chops, little fishies?, and all the desserts are must haves. Even the garden burger was delish and not as oily as regular burgers. Must, must, must come again.
My favorite restaurant in San Francisco! The food, the cocktails, the service, & the ambiance are unmatched.I love everything on the menu, but especially and in no particular order, the burger (ridiculously good), the chicken roast (the best in the universe and I am no chicken lover), the pork chops, the lamb shank, the French fries, the flat bread, the pot de crme, and to top it all, the amazing Death at Dusk Absinthe cocktail. And it does not stop there, they are open everyday until 1am!I love you Nopa! See u soon...
NOPA? More like MOPA cause I want more of everything I ate last night.Strategically speaking, I am typically a waiter's dream.I don't bitch about anything really.I tip well.And the best part is...I drink....a lot.Waiter arrives, and just stands there.No hello, no specials, just a blank stare.Weird, but no problem, I take the bull by the horns. Order dinner, appetizers, and most important, another white Manhattan (which was delicious).Glorious upon glorious portions of food flow freely while my waiter decided to reenact prohibition for some reason.To my dismay, my waiter returned towards the end of the meal where I was finally able to quench my thirst.Not gonna dock Nopa for their socially awkward waiter who disappeared for most of the night. The food is that good.Get the flatbread and pork chops.Repeal.
Although it was packed and we didn't have a reservation we got seated right away. Next to a horrible woman who had no understanding of personal space or dinner etiquette. Thankfully this happened at the chef's counter where there is too much fun stuff to look at to get bummed out. I recommend getting in those seats big time.The pork chop dish is an obvious winner (juicy, flavorful perfection). And the halibut in asparagus broth with fennel shavings blew my mind. We finished the meal with the buttermilk meyer lemon caramel cake which was surprisingly light and dare I say refreshing.I like letting the server pick out the wine at these kind of restaurants and we got the perfect pairings for entree and desert.NOPA gets the extra star because they don't just seem to care about running a hip place, they love serving their guests amazing food.
It is a chic restaurant, great for formal dining or an after-office dinner with colleagues/boss. IT IS A DRESSY AFFAIR, but not so black-tie as it might sound like. I like dressing up formal yet sexy and enjoy fine dining without paying upwards of $100 (per head). I like the modern decor and high warehouse ceilings .(something like Rapisado in Palo Alto)Food is good and so also is the service. IT'S OPEN TILL MIDNIGHT so it is a plus. Try to make a reservation before you go else go late (after 9) and be prepared to wait for a while. During weekends, parking could be a nightmare but its worth it.I do plan to celebrate my b'day in June here !
We've been wanting to go to Nopa for a long time, and finally snagged a reservation on Sat. I must admit to being somewhat skeptical on whether the restaurant will live up to all the hype, since we're usually not huge "comfort food" fans. Happy to report the meal was excellent!The restaurant is in a beautiful space with high ceilings and warm decor. We sat downstairs against the wall, and while it was pretty noisy, we had a lot of fun people watching.We shared the flatbread, a sausage, brocoli rabe concoction, and it was excellent. I had the pork chop, and it lived up to all the rave reviews! The meat was smoked, and really flavorful and tender. Husband had the burger and enjoyed it as well (tho proclaimed it not quite as good as Marlowe's burger).For dessert we had the sopipilla (sp?). What's not to love about fried dough with carmel sauce? We really enjoyed Nopa. It's a perfect neighborhood place where one can return to again and again. It's a bit far for us, but I'm sure we will be back!
We've been back to Nopa several times over the past couple of years and have never been disappointed. We love the ever-changing menu, the wonderfully warm and friendly staff, the fabulous cocktails.Some favourites of mine: the Last Word, the Elderflower Gimlet. My boy's favourites: anything new - on our last visit he sampled the 606 - a concoction that included bols genver, vermouth & fernet (used as bitters); and the pirata - tequilla blanco, galliano, and elderberry shrub and black pearl bitters.Nopa's mixology is always innovative and cutting-edge. By the way, a "shrub," we learned, is a reduction of vinegar and fruit, similar to a gastrique, and is probably a term that's going to much more familiar to the cocktail loving public in 2009.The food was wonderful as usual -StartersLittle fried fish: light, crunchy, crisp, served with smokey romesco sauce...The Saffron Squid came with bits of chard, fingerlings and some absolutely amazing flash-fried spiced chickpeas. (on all levels this was a sublime dish: harmonious flavours and texturally fantastic).Entrees: The 9-hour Bolognese was not mind-blowing, but the house-made pappardelle was cooled perfectly.Do get the duck confit which also comes with duck breast, lentils and walnuts, topped with small mustard leaves - it is an enormous portion that you'll be able to take home.The couple next to us offered a taste of the pecan pie with "smoke and whiskey" ice cream, but we ended up getting our own. You won't be disappointed. The ice cream's finish was long and wonderful, reminding me a bit of hickory-smoked bacon, sweet and salty.Our server, though new, was absolutely delightful, and put up with all our silly questions throughout the evening. In fact, every single one of our interactions with the Nopa staff was always sincere, warm, friendly and engaging -- one feels truly welcomed...How I adore this place.
That's 5 stars for NOPA, and my third review/update in 3 years.The staff is friendly as ever, even as busy as they are. I have been enjoying NOPA for YEARS, and I think it's time I give them a 5-star.My girlfriend and I eat here at least once a month now. It's the BEST late night dining experience in SAN FRANCISCO. Solid items on the menu (that I LOVE)...-- Goat cheese crostini (OMG the beets!)-- Pork Chop (what NOPA is known for)-- Chicken (if you like a big portion)-- Grass fed hamburger (Medium well, I finally can enjoy this)-- Sopapillas (dessert)The desserts are FUN, especially the floats and malts. The Sopapillas are just amazing.Jeremy Stoppleman needs to return and experience some of the above. Then I think he'd update his review. Come on J!P.S. read all my NOPA reviews/updates below, it's a fun story =^)
When I think of hip SF restaurants with great food that are seemingly always packed and reservations are hard to come by, I think of Zuni, A16, Frances and NOPA.NOPA has been around several years now but it is still jam-packed every time I drive past it. Overall, the food is excellent, with a variety of dishes that will please the most diverse palates.On previous occasions, I discovered the amazing flatbread and pork chop (still, one of the juiciest I've ever had). This time, in addition to these (still delicious) choices, I discovered a few more notable dishes:- Little fried fish with lemon and basil aioli: these 2 to 3 inch fish are lightly battered and fried and are so delicately prepared.- Baked giant beans with feta, oregano and breadcrumbs: this didn't appeal to me by the description but ended up being quite delicious. The combination of the creamy feta with the crunchy breadcrumbs work well with the soft beans.- French fries with roasted red pepper/feta dip: very delicately fried, leaving a soft center. The dip was excellent.I didn't find any of the salad dishes (bibb lettuce with grapes and almonds, little gem salad, Early Girl tomatoes w/ feta) particularly memorable. On the other hand, the desserts were fantastic.The sopaipillas (fried dough balls sprinkled with sugar and accompanied with chocolate sauce) were so good that after claiming that I couldn't eat any dessert because I was stuffed, I promptly helped myself to two of these.But my favorite dessert was the warm caramelized apples with smoke and bourbon ice cream and bacon brittle. Such an interesting combination of the warm, sweet apples with the cold ice cream and contrasted with the slightly salty and crunchy bacon brittle atop a dense pastry was just a perfect arrangement. By now, I didn't even pretend to pass on dessert.The only one that fell flat was the malted milk with chocolate ice cream and cookies - very rich and creamy but nothing special.Another excellent time at the best restaurant in the neighborhood.Yes, the place can get ridiculously loud and packed but you look around and everyone seems to be having a great time.
Came here on a Friday night around 8 PM. Our reservation was at 9:30, but we decided to stop in and have a drink. The hostess, bartender and servers were very friendly. The only complaint I have is the server was a little too hover-y. Its good to have attentive service, but when you're trying to have a conversation and eat your food, you don't want to have to stop literally every 2 minutes to tell the server, "Thank you we're fine, YES we're still working on that" We actually had a dish that we were still eating taken away. Overall the food was delicious. We couldn't decide what to get for entree so we ended up getting the marinated olives, baked goat cheese, sardines, the flatbread, and a desert of ice cream and cookies, and maybe a couple of other dishes. Hell I don't remember, I had a terrible cold and was desperately trying not to die. But kudos to Nopa, because despite having a stuffed nose, numbed tastebuds and a head that felt the size of Stewies, I was able to taste the food and it was gooood.  I would definitely return when I don't feel like death.
Delicious brunch. Great drinks. Too bad most people agree..the only downside is the wait!
Best burger in town. Amazing service (nothing beats it up), knowledgeable and well trained bartenders. Super hot chefs ;) what else can we ask for?NOPA is an orgasmic experience every time I go. And I go quite often.
I'll give NOPA between 3 and 4 stars.  Good food but I have yet to be truly impressed. The second time I came here, I tried the much raved about burger. The bread wasn't very good and the burger lacked any flavor that set it apart from other burgers I've had. It could be the grind or the beef they had at the time but I wasn't ready to head back there.My wife had the porkchop last time and it was pretty good. It's a huge hunk of meat and I'm impressed that it's cooked so well. It's probably brined to keep the flavor and moisture inside. Still, we weren't all that impressed.I'll come back here for the appetizers and desserts. We've sampled several of them and found those to be very good. For the main plates though, we'll head elsewhere.
THE BEST PORK CHOP IN THE ENTIRE WORLD.This place deserves a TRIPLE FIST PUMP!!!!!
I've eaten here a few times and have not had any complaints. I've strolled in with a reservation and have had to wait at the bar for 10-15 minutes, and I've come in sans reservation and waited the same length of time.The bar is great for meeting awesome/random people of all ages. The drinks are great and the bartenders fantastic, always greeting you with a smile and know exactly what drink to recommend. I'm partial to the mojito and the champagne.Because their menu changes with the seasons, I wouldn't say try one specific thing. If I did, I would say it's the cheese plates. They have great cheese plates and know how to recommend one based on your preferences.I don't know how they do it but they manage to always seem busy EVERY day. I would know because I live across the street.
Went there before David Grisman at the Independent Saturday (great show). Very crowded at the bar and tables empty; a bit into hyping itself with the making everyone wait at the bar until seating began at six. People were getting into it a bit over the barstools - one lady literally went up and down asking everyone if they would be seated at six so she could try to snag their seat. It seemed unnecessary with all the empty tables and all the staff already there to put everyone through that. My fellow traveler had the same issue with the bartender refusing to make eye contact that another reviewer had so she was already a bit ticked even before we got started. Once we got seated our server was mostly knowledgeable and competent. However, we were not told that the side of fries was the exact thing that came with the burger, which we also ordered. Redundancy is annoying at $120 for two people (before tip) for a fairly simple dinner so that was not a plus. The broccoli side was lovely - grilled and dressed. The Bolognese was way too salty. I was disappointed. The mendocino red was lovely. The red pepper dip for the fries was nice and the fries were crisp and hot. The french press coffee was really wonderful - rich and mellow, not burnt or overpowering. I ordered the nectarine tart - it was almost a cobbler on a crust with a delicate almond complement to the nectarine. Overall, I give it three for the hype that seemed to be self created to the detriment of the customer experience and the slow start to our service, and the failing to alert us that we were double ordering the fries.
A fantastic friend took me to dinner here for my birthday. I had a great time. Upscale winebar atmosphere.It was packed full , on a Thursday night. The food was fantastic and original. The service surpurb . But probably the most important to me, although all tables were occupied, and there were lots of people waiting, they never tried to hurry us out. That's what I call first class. The only negitive...their wine pours are really small.
maybe it's all the hype and it gave me high expectations of Nopa...Had dinner with two friends from out of town.We had a 6:30pm reservation and arrived 15 mins late, and still got seated right away; though no one else was waiting though.Maybe it's where our table was located: 2nd floor, above the kitchen. It was so hot that it was uncomfortable.Ordered 2 appetizers (calamari and baked farm egg), plus 3 entrees: Pork Chop- thick cut, very tender and juicy, cooked medium-perfect! Whole Trout - very fresh, though be patient because of all the bones. Lamb - sliced thin, very tender, but I realized I am not big on red meat.It took over 20 minutes from the time we finished the appetizers to when the entrees came. Our waiter was very apologetic, and comp our appetizer for the wait. No desserts, just wanted to get out because of the heat.Parking sucks.Good thing Three Twins ice cream is not too far of a walk.
Wasn't that impressed the second time around... I had the chicken dish at the moment, and just didn't think the flavors came together very well. Liz and I also sat at the kitchen bar, it was by the bathroom and there was too much traffic. I was nearly knocked over by a drunken girl. Blah. Does not inspire me to come back.
Ok so this is a kind of embarrassing story. My boyfriend and I visited this restaurant on Sunday. Three times. First time, around 6pm, we just walked in. We are not from SF and had plans to meet a friend who lives in SF for a couple of drinks. Plans changed when he found out we only wanted drinks. We came back around 8 when "just drinks" turned into dinner as well. However, we again ended up not staying (the wait was longer than we really wanted since we'd already been drinking). This time we at least had drinks tho! I had the blur and my boyfriend had the pisco sour. They were both pretty delicious. The tastes were a little similar to me, but I'm told I'm wrong in that sentiment. The pisco was really foamy and had a faint cinnamon smell to it. I love foamy cocktails! Turns out the amount of food we got for dinner elsewhere was just not enough. Aaannnddd back to nopa we go! This time its just my boyfriend and I. I enjoy a lovely pinot noir while he sips a syrah. Its wonderful. We have french fries and the goat cheese app (cannot stomach full meals since our earlier small dinner).Next time I get out to SF I really want to go back and do the full meal experience here, but what I saw I really enjoyed. The cocktails we had were yummy, tho a lot of others seemed to be made w bitters and other things I find yucky so I'll prob just stick to vino. No problem - they have tons! Every dish looked great - both just on the menu and on everyone's plates! The goat cheese was the best I've ever had. It was soo warm and creamy (and not served in a marinara which is the only way I'd previously had it). And the fries were great. They were a little chubby but fully crispy all the way around on the outside. YUM!The people who work there are awesome. Everyone helps everyone. We had at least 5 different people come by our table to deliver things or check on us. It was great how they all worked together so smoothly. And EVERYONE was so nice. Really.It was really lively in the restaurant and everyone seemed to be having a great time. The seating is very comfortable and the place looks great. Very nicely decorated.
Setting / Ambiance: 4Cherry Shrub Aperatif: 4.5Service 3.5Food 3.5Overall: 4We ordered:- 2 of Neyah White's Cherry Shrub Aperatifs (have to ask specifically for them) @7 each - FABULOUS! Somewhat sweet with a citrus tang (and a nice lemon peel touch)- The Flatbread with fennel sausage and onions ($14) - only OK (I had my expectations set too high on this one)- Giant White Beans with Tomato, Feta, Oregano ($9) - quite good (flavors worked well together)- The Duck ($26) (My B loved this)- Hamburger with Gruyere ($14.50) (Good, for a hamburger)My expectations were just set too high for the food here. I thought it was good, but no better than Firefly or Baker & Banker or .. some of my other favorites. We might return because the space is cool (they sat us on the second floor, overlooking the open kitchen).
Although there's already 2000+ reviews, I also want to sing the praises of Nopa. I LOVE this place. I live in the area, and regularly walk past this crowded restaurant. I can't believe it took me so long to come here!I went here on a Saturday night, for a party of six, and we were seated per our reservation. The service was great, he (I am blanking on his name) was very attentive and provided good recommendations. We had:Appetizers:SardinesWarm goat cheese saladDuck liverWhite baked beansEntrees:RabbitTrout Pork ChopAfter Dinner:Sorbet medley (espresso, meyer lemon, and dark chocolate)Blue Bottle espresso martini Everything was amazing! I would never order the white beans, but I am so glad we did because somehow, I think that was the BEST appetizer we had! Although we ate family style, I dominated that pork chop and that was the best idea of my life. It was sooooo good, cooked to perfection. Even the potatoes and broccoli with it were amazing.I also started with the lock cocktail, and as not a rum fan I really enjoyed this drink! We got two bottles of wine (a french chardonnay and a pinot) and both were moderately priced and went will with the food we ordered.The meal was delicious, I was stuffed and for what we ordered, I felt the price wasn't too ridiculous. I think the reason this place is in such a high price bracket is because you can't just go and get an entree and share an appetizer. It's a place to splurge, and get to try the unique cocktails and wide variety wine lists. That said, for any coffee drinker, please get that espresso martini. BEST coffee cocktail of my life.
I'm in to it. They know what they are doing, and it shows.The restaurant space itself is fantastic, with perfect lighting and an excellent ambiance. The place is lively, but not too loud to enjoy. The bar area is busy and the large communal table is highly sought after.I have eaten a handful of meals here and prefer NOPA as a late night burger rather than a featured dinner. That is not to say that the food is not worthwhile... it is generally excellent. My preference is due to NOPA having the BEST BURGER IN SF.Yeah, I just wrote that. The quality of the meat* is excellent, the brioche bun crunchy and spongy in all the right ways, the pickled onions add another dimension, and throw some blue cheese on? Why is that a question... yes, just yes.Serving the best burger in town until 1 AM accompanied with a nice glass of wine is a huge benefit of living in the neighborhood. *Let the reader be warned: order this burger medium. I am a medium rare to rare red meat eater, but medium rare at this establishment is under.
This is one of my favorite restaurants, period. The food is always amazeballs - fresh, cooked perfectly and perfectly portioned. The service is great. I haven't had ANYTHING I didn't love. The bar is the sh*t. I love the specialty cocktails and attention to detail. But, don't eat here because I want to be able to get a table whenever I want. Thanks.
With 2000+ reviews and 4 stars, how could you NOT want to try NOPA?I've been here twice now, and had very positive experiences each time. A piece of advice: if you want to dine here, definitely make a reservation to guarantee you seating, unless you just want bar food/drinks. In that case, they have a pretty big bar to accommodate those folks. As for me, for the second time, I made a reservation 4 weeks in advance for 2 people at 7:45pm. Thankfully parking in the area isn't a problem. Here are some of the dishes/drinks I've tried:Blue Bottle Cocktail: This drink is amazinggg. I'm not THAT big a fan of coffee, but had read about the rave reviews and decided to try it. It was strong, but not overly so - it seemed to have the perfect mix of vodka and coffee. Warm Goat Cheese with Crostini: If you do not love goat cheese, do not order this. If you do, you'll love it!Pork Chops: If this is your first time, the pork chops are a must try. Even if you don't order it, you need to get someone at your table to, so you can try it! Perfectly cooked, juicy and tender. Cannelloni: This dish was good but did not blow me away. I thought the creamed spinach was a good touch though.Parpadelle: I got this the first time, so I don't really remember the details; all I remember was that it was very tasty.Sopaipillas: I'm a big dessert person and absolutely LOVED this dish. The sopaipillas is similar to a sugar donut, and they give you burnt caramel sauce to dip in. I gobbled up my share, and almost wished I had the dish to myself. The caramel was a great complement - at the end, I was dipping my spoon into the sauce and licking it off. I like how NOPA changes their menu regularly, so it means that I can always come back and order something different :) Definitely a must try!
Three words. Blue Bottle Martini. So good. Pork Chop - best ever. Hard to get through alone but you'll be glad the next day when you have leftovers. Tangine also flavorful and so good.Wine list amazing and the sommelier very knowledgable if you have any questions. Impossible to get a reservation, but if you are patient you can always grab a seat at the bar or common table. Totally worth it.
I ordered the pork chop, and you could tell they used fresh, high quality ingredients. The food was very good, although the word-of-mouth probably had me expecting too much. The staff was pretty attentive and friendly even though the place was packed. I'd probably go again and maybe even introduce friends to show them some high-quality but reasonably-priced California cuisine.
Love the weekend brunch! Had the baked country egg accompanied by a side of crispy bacon and a half pot of coffee. Don't be discouraged by the crowds, if you're not with a big group there's usually a couple open spaces at the bar.
This was one of the best meals and experiences I have enjoyed at a restaurant. And finally, a place well worth the hype. So often I dine at restaurants that are given amazing platitudes and I come away with...really?? I am new to farm to table and was not sure what to expect...a Paul McCartney like vegan delight (which would've been okay for an out of the norm experience, but not one I would probably make a habit)..but no..this place is just about fresh in season food and meat, poultry and fish raised in certifiable conditions. I was lucky enough to dine with friends and we did a round robin of all the different dishes, the salads, small plates, terrines, entrees we ordered...just outstanding. Also sat at the table overlooking the kitchen which was FUN...amazing to see the chef in command of the kitchen and watch how it all comes together. Our waiter was wonderful, extensive wine list sublime and I cannot wait to come back.
Went on a whim with Rena K and Sarah M on a Wednesday to get us through the work week. We did not have reservations so the wait was about an hour and a half long because of how fabulous this place is. Liked the feel of the crowd, very eclectic. I got the pork chops which seemed to be the star of the night on the menu and on all the tables around us. My pork chops were very good and the grilled peaches that accompanied the meat sort of made the dish in my mind. An extra star for opening later than most other nice restaurants in the city. San Francisco needs to stand up and pay attention. There is a market for late-night dining, people!I didn't finish my plate that night and the pork chops tasted even better the next day for lunch. Oh so jealous were my colleagues at work with their Lean Cuisine.
Try the pork chop, goat cheese, burger, or flat bread. Good for large groups as long as you make a reservation. They take walk ins, but there's usually a long wait. Only open for dinner on the week nights but serves until 1am.
God I love this place. They always have the best food. Loud, noisy atmosphere, so if you are looking for something different, go elsewhere. I always come here with great friends and I have never been disappointed. Make sure you have reservations or enjoy yourself at the bar!
Great late night upscale fare.
Had a really good time here for my birthday dinner (a Tuesday). Really good service, good drinks, good food. We stayed a long time, the server was quite nice about it and really playful. He made very good suggestions, taking our mood and tastes into account. Can't wait to go back again!
BURGER & FRIES....OHH MY!!!Was a fab Friday night and got some amazing parking right in front of the place. The crispy french fries stole my attention so much so that I ate all of them before even tackling the "grass fed" burger....The grilled calamari appetizer was insanely tasty for also being healthy.....and the sorbet trio captured me upon arrival to the table. Cool flavors...fresh mint, strawberry, and another that went unnamed. Throw in an amazing macaroon! Awesome dessert wine selection also. Another diet friendly dinner ;-)
Nopa is my favorite restaurant of all time. Everything on the menu is good. the wine list is awesome. the cocktails are awesome. they even have a non-alcoholic gewrztraminer spritzer which is delicious. the wait staff is very professional and polite, yet the atmosphere is laid back and fun. oh and the deserts are amazing also. sopapillas OMG.it is impossible to get a table before 10:30pm unless you make a reservation well in advance. If you don't have a res, for two people you can get a cocktail and wait for a seat at the communal table or the bar to open up. I've done that a couple times. Anytime out of towners come to visit, i take them here. the only bad thing about Nopa is that it's insanely popular so you have to plan ahead unless you're OK with eating dinner at 11pm...
I find this place way over rated. It's good food but not what I would have expected from discerning San Francisco denizens to have packed this place to a point where I needed 3 weeks advance bookings to secure a Friday night table for two.The best way to describe the food was that it is very "flat" w/o much by ways of sophistication in taste and/or prep. The paparadelle did not take on any flavor and the "signature" pork chop was over brined. The fried smelt was over fried in what seemed to be old oil and crudely accompanied by a gallop of mayonnaise. Even the amuse was the equivalent of your super bowl spinach dip.The ambiance is what makes this place, however. NOPA does a great job bringing just enough yupee to still make this place credible among the mission hipsters that frequent. Service was at tentative however we were confused why nobody poured our wine.This would probably be a good first date place and fun for groups, but I expected a whole lot more from the food since it took so much time to get a reservation. On the flip side, excluding wine, the bill came out to less than $100, which is a steal for a nice Friday evening night out at a hip and reasonable culinary experience.   Would be 4 stars if it wasn't so packed, 3 stars to warn you that it doesn't live up to the hype.
Nice burger!! The espresso martini also very tasty. The calamari was ok, not great. The place was slammed even very late - definitely call ahead. Also hard to find parking.
NOPA! Delicious, amazing, unique dishes and cocktails. The restaurant is open late wish is pretty cool, we left at 2 am. I recommend the Pork chops they were amazingly tender and juicy. I cant wait to come back and try the other dishes the burger looked amazing. The Service was top notch as well as the food. :)
Maybe it was a bad day, but I was sorely disappointed by NOPA. I wasn't expecting FL style food at all, but I would not come here again or recommend it to my friends. Pass on this one, SF has way better options. If you do come here, do not order the Vegetable Tagine. This was my entree and something was just off about it. Good thing we went to Bi-Rite after :)
This is the place to go if you want a long, leisurely dinner. Which is exactly what we were going for. Flatbread w/ Sausage (5 stars): This was the best part of the meal actually. Really fresh and well seasoned. Crispy dough and lots of parmesan cheese YUMCod & Mussels (3 stars): The mussels were really good and flavorful but the cod was rather bland. And the portion was really small. I wish I got the porkchop that everyone raves about.Tagliatelle w/ Rabbit (3 stars): I would give this 4 stars if I didn't find 2 bone pieces. Ick. I know it's hard to de-bone but it creeped me out.Chocolate "Souffle" (3 stars): This was good but it wasn't a souffle. It was a little cake on a plate. I want my souffle in a ramekin. And the orange flavor was overwhelming.Atmosphere (5 stars): We had a great seat upstairs above the kitchen and we could see everything in the restaurant. The place has a nice vibe.Service (3 stars): We got here at 8pm and left around 11pm. Everything was pretty slow but we were busy with our bottle of wine. The servers were nice, and I wasn't unhappy with anything. But if you want to get away with a quick dinner this isn't the place to go. I almost forgot... the blue bottle cocktail (espresso, vodka, coffee liqueur) is really good!
The best burger I have ever had.The sopaipillas for dessert (in early June) were amazing. Ask for a seat in the balcony near the railing, that way you can see everything in the restaurant from the kitchen to the bar.
For me personally, this place lived up to and exceed the hype. Obviously for a place to be this popular the food has to be good - and it was. The food was excellent. But it was the service that really won me over. I came in at 5pm, but I didn't realize that NOPA didn't start serving dinner at 6pm. So I chilled at the bar and chatted it up with some of the employees. Wow, everyone was soooo nice! I even got a couple free samplers from the kitchen while I was waiting. Then they asked us if we wanted to sit at the Chef's Table. Umm...yes please! Total VIP stylee. Then when we left, the kitchen staff thanked us. That was really awesome.
While the service was good, brunch was seriously overpriced and the parking situation hellacious. The custard french toast was huge and way too much like bread pudding. The egg dish I had was insubstantial and unimpressive. Maybe it's better to go here for a burger after all?
Food and place are greatExcellent and 'off the beaten shelf' bourbon and other liquor selectionsWould def go back.
We loved this place! I had the duck and it was just amazing...
A year later and still loving this place. I love the vibe. I love the bar. I love the food. I love the exhibition kitchen. I love the service. I love the architecture. Me and NOPA should get married.This place has it nailed...it somehow manages to maintain a chill vibe, even when the bar is packed and the dining room is full. I came here on Saturday late-night for a bite and a drink. I saw a bottle of Aperol on the bar and remembered that I was drinking some Aperol cocktail on NYE - unfortunately, that's nearly all I could remember about it. After a very vague description, the bartender whipped up a champagne Aperol cocktail that was outstanding. We had a few small plates too - the calamari and chorizo was especially delicious. If you order it, don't split it. You'll resent the hell out of your dining partner every time he sticks his stupid fork in the dish to rob you of a precious little tender calamari ring.
Please do yourself a favor and go here for brunch. I know they are best known for their late night bar bite scene, but seeing this place in the daylight is just as charming. Get the french toast! Also I suggest getting the half order; it's super rich and one piece is satisfying enough. They also have some creative alternatives to the classic Sunday brunch mimosa. I had 'the blur' (green chartreuse, lime juice, cava) which is kinda how you feel after a night of partying on Sunday morning*sfp*
5 stars just aint enough...I could write and write for days but Im gonna make this simple people:No reservations on a Friday night, no problem 15 minutes later we were seated (though this may not be the norm) and when I say seated, a gentlemen comes over takes our drinks and takes them to the table..already Im like whoa..."you dont like your drink and you paid at the bar" no problem the next one is on the house..seriously!!!!!!Half bottles of wine..what else can I say and if you have to ask...Pork Chop..you have not lived until you have had their pork chop and mean you really you are missing out...melts in your mouth, if heaven has a taste this is it...I will go back everytime im in SF, I may even eat there everyday im there..CON: they dont have one in LA...*sad face*...so note to owners..please, please bring your excellent service, atmosphere, vibe, class, and FOOD to LA, I promise to eat at your place weekly and to promote it..hell you need help finding and building out a space I will do that too..
I don't like to wait. It was 9pm on a weeknight? That's how good it was. Morrocan Vegetable Tagine.
This would have been 4 stars if I hadn't gone back a second time. The food the first time around was good, I think i had a fish dish. Desserts were decent.The second time around I ordered fish again but this time it must have been salt with a side of fish....
The bartender did not know how to make a simple drink for me and then he had the gall to overcharge me for it. Total scam! I have heard others have the same experience.
Sooooo good! Walked in with a friend last Sat night around 7pm with no expectation to make it to the bar to even get a drink much less get to eat, but much to my surprise, a spot for two opened up at the community table within ~20min of getting there. I was stoked, since I have been trying to eat here for over a year since moving to the city. We split several apps, including the broccoli with anchovy, lemon and breadcrumbs, the flatbread and the avocado salad, as well as the seasonal veggie side. All of it was AMAZINGLY delicious. Mmmm. It's making me hungry just thinking about it now. We had a beautiful small meal, a couple of awesome drinks, and were in and out within a little over an hour.
Hadn't been to NOPA for brunch before so decided to make reservations for this past Sunday. We arrived on time for the 11:30 seating but my reservation was nowhere to be found - I had apparently not noticed that the available time slot was for a different date. Despite my screw-up, the host reassured us that he would consult with the manager and try to accommodate us anyway. I couldn't believe how absolutely welcoming and forgiving they were. After scrutinizing the seating map for 5 or 10 minutes, the host nodded to us to follow him. The manager asked for input on how the online reservation system could be improved as apparently errors do occur somewhat frequently (or she may have just been trying to lessen my mortification!) What incredible service from start to finish! All personnel were well trained, extremely friendly and professional. Our food and drinks arrived promptly and EVERYTHING was perfect. My daughter had the french toast with a fabulous citrus gin drink and my friend and I had the eggs over polenta with a mushroom sauce. Wow - excellent all around! We will return again and again until we've sampled the entire menu. LOVE this place!
Absolutely the best food I've had in the city so far.Great ambience that works for a casual meet-up or a nice dinner. The service is good, attentive and nicely paced - they don't rush you or keep you waiting long.I had the grilled chicory which was FAB (almost like a hot caesar) and the roast chicken, which was legitimately the best roast chicken I've ever tasted. And I've had a lot in my time.Would absolutely, absolutely come here again. Word of warning though: don't try and find parking in this 'hood - it's a complete and utter NIGHTMARE.
Came here on a Friday night for a late dinner with my bestie. The place is such a cute restaurant and it serves really good food. I ordered an ice tea and it comes with simple syrup versus the typical "imitation sugar" you get in most normal restaurants. For an appetiper we ordered the "fried sardines" never seen that on a menu and it was yummy. For my entree', I got the hamburger/fries..The hamburger was on "brioche bread" so yummy! My friend ordered the rotisserie chicken..Wow that looked amazing as well. Parking is alittle difficult on a Friday night, so plan for parking time so you don't miss your reservation. I will definitely be back again for sure!
I've been here for brunch and dinner, and both are awesome, both in terms of food and service. It's definitely best to make a reservation, but don't be totally discouraged if you don't. The boyfriend and I popped in last night (Saturday) around 7, without reservations, and were seated immediately. We were definitely lucky, but it goes to show that it doesn't hurt to try.
Brought my hubby here for his birthday after all the great reviews. The restaurant is very casual. For some reason I had expected it to be nicer inside. As I walked in, I noticed the rotisserie turning, so I decided to order the rotisserie herbed chicken. I was somewhat disappointed. The dark meat pieces came out okay, but the white meat sections were super dry. There was no sauce with the dish, so I had to wash down the meat with water. I understand that chicken is tough to cook without overcooking, but I expected more from this place especially after the great reviews. Maybe I just ordered the wrong item? but this is their staple dish, right? My hubby ordered the Country Pork Chop and it was very flavorful, however my hubby complained that towards the end, it started to taste like Chinese BBQ Pork ("cha siu"). On the positive note, the tomato salad was very good.
So, I'm turning 32 this month. And my mom from Pittsburgh, PA is out to visit me and my aging grandmother...and my mother asks me where I want my birthday dinner. Well being in the insurance industry for a long time, I've tried a lot of SF restaurants, but I knew my answer. Nopa. From the start, with the service and the food...who can go wrong? I loved every minute. We were seated upstairs which is nice and you can look around the entire place, (which used to be an old police hq? maybe? someone will have to tell me thats not correct?). The food was great. We started with the smoked trout. Yumm. Then pork chop for me and duck for my mom. We shared and loved every bite. My mom is not a huge eater and she almost licked the plate clean. The duck was cooked brilliant. I did love my pork, the sear was perfect. It was smoky. And our waiter was the best. I did make these reservations a while ago, knowing it takes forever to get in, but I think I did mention my upcoming bday (32) and our waiter was so extremely wonderful. He was perfect for the occasion. Nopa gave me a scoop of ice cream and a shortbread cookie and I didn't want a big thing at all. I'm turning 32 and I don't want a big scene. I like quiet dinners and good dinners. This is such an accommodating restaurant I will be coming back for every reason possible. Food exceptional. Check. Service exceptional. Check.
I like this place. The food is always good. But it's just SO crowded. It's also a little too yuppity for me. It's great when you can walk in and get a few seats at the bar for a good but pricey meal. But that's extremely rare. I also don't think the food is as good as their reputation. Very heavily flavored, like too much. I like to taste the essence of the food I'm eating. Some of the dishes really lack a gustatory elegance you'd expect for the prices and the crowd. There's better places real close by that aren't packed to the gills with scenesters.
Started birthday celebrations with French 75 made perfectly by Jessica. Shared a custard french toast with roasted strawberries and lemon butter.Devoured a wood grilled linguica sausage with butter beans, roasted barley, rapini and poached eggs. And another French 75 drink.BFF had the grass fed hamburger with herbed potatoes. . But what impressed me was the impeccable service, the overall positive vibe of the restaurant and the efficiency of a smoothly run establishment.
LIke these guys need more reviews...Brought the wife and kids for Brunch recently and three words - CUSTARD FRENCH TOAST!It's huge so it's a good idea to share them.Reservations are also a must.
After hearing so many great things about this place for the past 2 1/2 years of living in the city, I finally went to see what all the fuss was about. OpenTable only had reservations for really late or really early (10:15 or 6:30) when I tried booking for 2 but found that when I increased our party size to 4 they were able to accommodate us at 9:00. All of the staff were friendly and prompt at each point in the meal & the restaurant had a cool ambiance. We ordered a few appetizers, my favorite was the goat cheese. For my main entree I ordered the pork chop that everyone is always going crazy over and can see why.Honestly, I have never been a big pork eater and was a little nervous about how I would like it. My childhood memories of pork chops involved the old "hide in the napkin" trick. In this case the last thing I wanted to do was leave even one bite behind! The flavor was a little different, not really sure how to explain it other than delicious. I would recommend this place to anyone who wants to enjoy a nice meal & will definitely be coming back for more.
San Francisco has amazing restaurants. We all expect a great meal wherever we go. NOPA provided one of the greatest restaurant experiences I've ever had in the City by the Bay. The entire staff is incredible. We were greeted by a cheerful staff who were sincerely happy to see us. Our server (Ryan) was knowledgeable in virtually every aspect of the meal and the wine. He was truly incredible. The Sommelier was expert in every wine on the list. When he poured the wine, he made sure the label of the bottle was always facing the person who first sampled the wine. The wine selection is truly amazing. We found wines on the list that we've never seen at other restaurants. The food? Perfect. Expertly prepared. We had roasted chicken, the seafood gumbo, duck, pasta and ... the hamburger. The amazing NOPA hamburger. The appetizers started the evening with incredible palate of flavors.It was a wonderful night at NOPA. No wonder it's hard to get a reservation. Do yourself a favor: book a reservation and take a group of friends and each order something different and share. It will be a meal you won't forget. And, believe it or not, the tab at the end of the evening was reasonable.Sustainable, organic, fresh, flavorful. NOPA is a treasure!
Such delicious food!You can taste each carefully chosen flavor. Everything is locally grown or made on the spot, and it really makes a difference in taste.The ultimate dining experience with friendly wait staff that really know quite a lot about each dish. The big, barn/warehouse atmosphere is a bit loud at times, but wow, the food makes it worth it.I like late brunch here best - make a reservation!
Pork chop! Boom. Best pork chop I've ever had. Which is funny because I didn't even ever like pork chops. Let's play a game. You say pork chop, my first response is "dry tastless piece of crap I cook when it's really cheap and I'm bored with everything else."Not here---nope, not here. Delicioso. Enjoy yo'self.
One of my favorite restaurants in San Francisco. Food is always amazing (pappardelle, goat cheese + asian pear appetizer, etc.). Service fantastic. Best seat in the house is near the kitchen so you can watch them prep food--pizzas in the coal fired (?) old oven, rotiserrie chickens rotating, roasted grapes being heaped on piles of pork and kale...nom nom nom
I ate goat, and it was awesome.I had heard only good things about this place so I was excited to try it. Great atmosphere, very open and social. Their bar seating area has shared tables where you'll easily end up chatting with a cool new group of people, but they also have more traditional seating which is great for a date or dinner with buds. My highlights:- Great original cocktails- Huge portions- Creative (and delicious) twists on dishes I might not normally tryAt these kind of places I normally go for food that I would never dream of cooking at home, so at NOPA I ordered the goat. It was served with an awesome 3 bean chili sauce and topped with raddishes and greens...amazing.
Great amosphere, love the open space and the fact that you can watch the kitchen prepare the food. We made reservations on a Wednesday night, good idea because we still had to wait a little bit to get seated; that however gave us time to get a Negroni from the bar before dinner. We sat at a table overlooking the kitchen and ordered, are you ready..? The flatbread with bacon, calamari, duck leg, pork chop and two different bottles of wine. All of it was right on the mark, including the service. The sommelier came over to pour our wine and our entire meal, which we enjoyed bit by bit, lasted about 3 hours. At no point did we feel rushed or did they check on us TOO much. (I think they knew we were there to EAT)Please go with someone whose company you enjoy, who appreciates great food and for the love of everything good and great, order the pork chop.
1616 Yelpers have already weighed in and I'm supposed to be original?I really have to applaud the combination of strong drinks, sharp tasting morsels and the social justice angle. As Belize says in 'Angels in America': Heaven is like San Francisco.The Big Unexpected Bonus was the crowd watching. I have never seen a place with a higher fashion victim per square centimeter ratio in the whole world. And I used to live near Harajuku. My favorite victim was wearing bronze pagodas as pierced earrings. And these were not the tiny tasteful Tiffany types. These were Real Bronze Asian Antique Store Ripoffs Made by Child Labor in a Myanmar Sweatshop pagodas, each dangling from an earlobe and brushing the shoulder. They must have been torture to wear.When I realized what I was looking at, I laughed so hard I snorted my calpirinha out my left nostril and startled my old friend Maurice who was snickering at my left elbow. Good thing he wasn't collapsed over that shoulder in convulsions of mirth.It was hard to focus on the food after that. But I'd go back.
YUM YUM Yum yum.Went with two girlfriends and we shared four dished: the arugola salad, brussel sprouts, flatbread and hamburger. It was all delish, but seriously the brussel sprouts were unreal. I gave it four stars only because the flatbread wasn't that great.The atmosphere is always great and the food superb.
I was in Vegas just the other day and we all know that just like SF, Vegas is also one of the top culinary cities in USA. With that said, I absolutely MISS YOU NOPA!!!!!!!!Went to 'Bouchon' by Celebrity Chef Thomas Keller and food is distance behind from what I imagined. There is no comparison.Vegas has nothing on SF.....NOTHING! NADA!It's definitely a knock out! I can't wait for some NOPA in my mouth in May!
"Pork chop."Every time my friend would tell me about NOPA, it was always the pork that was the selling point. What's good? "The pork chop." What else was good? "Honestly, I don't remember anything but the pork chop."Then, before we came to eat here, I browsed the Yelp reviews. There it was again, a chorus of porky recommendations, over and over again.So what did I order when I came here? The braised lamb shank.In my defense, out of a party of eight people, five ordered the pork chop and two ordered the burger. But the word "braised" kept yanking my attention away from the pork chop. When my fiancee helpfully offered to order the pork chop (and since she never finishes full plates of food, because her stomach is apparently as big as a dime), I settled on the lamb shank.As the orders arrived at the table, five aromatic plates of pork plopped down next to me. It was torture. I could smell the pork, see the beautiful crust that formed around each chop, and hear everyone coo and make other such noises at the sight of their meaty delights.My lamb shank came last. The presentation was nice. It smelled good. I touched my fork to the meat...and it totally fell apart, clean off of the bone. That is pretty damn near perfect braising. The meat itself was delicious and tender, the juiciness of the meat and the stock perfectly complimentary. The mustard sauce that coated the lamb was perfect as well, and eating a bit of everything on the plate together - the stewed napa cabbage, the toasted barley, a bit of meat, mustard and juices - that was pretty damn heavenly. I forgot about the pork. I ate blissfully, and finally surfaced again when there was nothing left on my plate but a shank bone.My fiancee, on cue, couldn't finish her pork, so I ate the rest of hers (and some of the other leftover bits around the table). That pork, as noted before, is damn, damn good. It is easily one of the best pieces of pork I've tasted in a long while. The brown sugar brine that our waiter informed us the pork soaked in made the chop noticeably juicy and plump and flavorful. It was really, really good. So based on these two dishes alone, the restaurant made the grade in my book. The staff was attentive, but a bit too hipster-ish for my tastes. Our waiter did recommend a fine Spanish red for us, though, and he was knowledgeable about almost every item on the menu in a way that's been lost at most restaurants these days.We also had an order of fries with harissa aioli, and baked goat cheese with crostinis. These were also tasty, but nowhere near as orgasmic as the entrees.
NOPA is truly one of SF's best restaurants. It oozes with phenomenal service, delicious food, hometown ambiance, and reasonable prices.We went on a Friday night and it was PACKED. The wait was about an hour for a table of 4 at around 7:30pm, which was definitely valid for this kind of restaurant. We got a couple of drinks from the bar and was treated really well by our bar server. About an hour later, we were seated.Our waitress (I believe her name was Kim) was insanely sweet. She handled everything in a very professional manner, while exuding a friendly and warm aura. From the way she set up our silverware to the way she picked up our plates, you can just tell that the servers here really know their stuff in the service industry. It was awesome to witness such incredible service.We ordered: (1) the flatbread with gruyere cheese & smoked bacon, (2) mussels, (3) french fries, (4) grilled pork chop, & (5) fish stew. The flatbread was SO F-ING GOOD. It looks like pizza, feels like pizza, but it's better than 99% of the pizzas I've ever had in my life. The smoked bacon is an absolutely perfect topping. The mussels were decent -- not great, but still had a good flavor to them. The french fries were good as well -- I wish it came with a sauce that was a bit more tangy and tasty than the chipotle aioli, which was pretty tasteless. In fact, a simple dollop of Heinz ketchup would've probably done the trick.The grilled pork chop was INCREDIBLE. One of the best pork chops I've ever had -- it was THICK and really well cooked. Definitely a great choice. The fish stew had a great flavor to the soup, but it definitely was a bit overwhelming with the fish taste. It was a good dish though, if you're a seafood lover.We finished the dinner with a moist bread pudding that was a perfect ending to a phenomenal meal. Our dinner and about 4 glasses of wine came out to about $200 (before tip) for 4 people. A bit on the pricey side, yes, but it was worth every penny.NOPA is an American restaurant at its finest and definitely a restaurant that SF can be proud of. I'm coming back for sure and I will be singing its praises for many years to come.
Some people avoid this place because it's super trendy right now, but believe it or not it's worth all the hype! The food is delicious and the service is excellent. Pros:After you order and are waiting for your food, the waiter brings you a "taste from the kitchen" as a free little snack. One time it was sliced granny smith apples with homemade almond butter and crumbled sea salt. Another time it was a shredded blood orange and carrot spread with homemade croutons and sea salt. The menu is one page, which makes decisions quite easy. It is ALL good. I've had the beet/goat cheese app, flat bread, the chicken, the fish, and the pork chop and they were all delicious. In fact, my man called the porkchop the "best he's ever had," which (trust me) says a lot.The desserts are quite diverse and ALL delicious. Last time we had the spanish donut thingies with homemade honey butter sauce. So good!The fact that they're open really late means that even after a late show you can still have a nice dinner or dessert.Also, the ambience is really nice. A little rustic but mostly modern. The ceiling architecture is really cool.Cons:Reservations are a bitch. We called a week in advance and the only available time was at 10pm. It really fucked up our stomachs to eat such rich foods that late.Overall, great restaurant that you MUST try. Just be willing to eat at odd hours...
I don't understand what it is with Americans and salt. I mean, I understand, if something is bland, add salt to taste. But what happens if something is too salty? What do you do? Give it a bath? It seems every day there is some sort of new artificial sweetener or other additive on the market, but really what the food-maker-people need to focus on is making anti-salt. I mean, come on, it's a million dollar idea. Sprinkle it on and boom, it makes salty things less salty. The reason I say this (and the reason why NOPA gets 4 stars and not 5) is that I was served, quite simply, the juiciest, best cooked pork chop I have ever had, but the experience was tainted by the chef's heavy hand with the salt. Now, maybe the general American populace is a bit more, how shall I say, desensitized to salt than I am, but for someone like me who actually likes to taste ingredients OTHER than salt, and given the frustrating absence of anti-salt, there's not really that much I can do about it except to eat it and watch my fingers bloat into sausages.Everything else was 5 stars (except the decor). I just wanted to rant about salt.
Lives up to the hype. Started with the Brussel Sprouds and Flat Bread. Had the pork chop, which was tender. And finished with the bread pudding. I'd go back.
Late night dining has never had it so good.Our waiter seemed bothered by serving us & somehow we were the only table not offered an amuse-bouche. If he had been more attentive it would have easily been a five star experience.The roast chicken had amazing flavor and moisture. Rather than being coated with flavors it gave the chicken itself a richer taste; not something I can usually say about chicken.We'll be trying it again, if we get a better waiter I might consider upping it to 5 stars.
Got reservations for 8:45 on a weekday and were seated within 15 minutes. Note: parking in this area is a real bitch so come early and plan to circle a few times. There were a ton of people waiting at the front area and bar and it was a little overwhelming at first. The space is fairly large, but the tables are close together and very open so it can be quite loud- not a good place for a romantic/intimate dinner.Cocktails are creative and fresh- pisco sour wasn't as good as La Mar but decent. For starters we had the fried little fish, polenta, and flatbread. For mains we shared the burger and pork chop, which were both good but nothing spectacular. I think a lot of people really like this places because they serve the full menu until 1am.
Not that they need another five stars, but here's my microreview anyway.Based on 2 visits in the last 3 months:1) This is the home of my new favorite bartender, Yanni. He's a mixological wizard. Now that's your #$#)% Genius Bar!2) The flatbread is like some kind of drug.3) Sitting at the bar examining and smelling each dish left and right of me, I am determined to order everything on that menu between now and the end of summer.So happy to have them in the neighborhood!
Love the ambiance, modern, elegant dining hall style. This place is always busy. The servers are really attentive and have nice timing. We had the Calamari which was a unique presentation (in the oven) so it was healthy and really flavorful. I had the Alaskan Cod for my entree which was served in a broth so I ate it with a spoon. It has the warmth of soup, but filling and the fish was so fresh! For desert - sorbets were also excellent! I do recommend and you can make healthy choices!
Best part of dinner were the drinks and appetizers. The flatbread pizza with fennel sausage was amazing. Definitely gourmet, fresh, flavorful and actual light topped with greens. The french fries, believe it or not, were very good. Thicker cut fries but still very crispy and the pepper/feta dip was very good. I had the salmon on cream corn with squash as my main dish. It was good, but more rich than packed with flavor. Next time, I'll try a different entree.
I use to love this place until I have to deal with communal table!I'm not really sure the how the host explained to other customers on how the communal table work but I feel like it should be based on first come first serve rule. At least that's what other places do. However, since nothing is written in stones and the restaurant basically leave it up to the customers to decide. This is a big problem for me. Especially when there are people who doesn't follow the rules and likes to cut corners. They don't have a sign in sheet, wait list or a number for the communal table. I feel like just about anyone who is waiting can say that they were before someone else. That's exactly what happened to me. When it was supposed to be my turn to get the seats, this other party claimed that they were before us. It doesn't make any sense for some group to claim that they were first when I was in line before them. Even if they said they arrived at the same time as me or perhaps earlier, if they weren't waiting around the table where they were suppose to be then they are not waiting in line. I didn't even see them while I was in line and there were only one party ahead of us. I've had a big argument with that group and the waitress didn't want to be any part of it!! It's her job to resolve problems isn't it? Then another party left during the argument and she asked if I would like to have those seats instead but the problem is it's right next to the group that I was arguing with. You really think I want to sit with those people? I'm never coming back again. You lost a loyal customer!! I wouldn't recommend anyone to dine here. At least not anymore!
I know this place must have a plethora of reviews but it won't dissuade me from giving them a shout out. The only down side is that it is impossible to get a table. The food is not complicated, but well done. I appreciate that and the wine list which always has an interesting array. The space is great and feels cozy. I will be back to try everything on the menu. Oddly, I have not done brunch here.
We weren't sure if we'd be able to make it into Nopa for a Sunday morning brunch, given all the hype. Fortunately, we were able to grab a table once seating started at 11am Sunday morning after putting in our name at 10:30am. We had the famous custard french toast and the grass fed hamburger. The french toast was sweet goodness that lived up to its reputation as did the burger although it was rarer than expected. If you aren't into very pink meat, be sure to request medium-well.
The pork chop here blows my mind. Huge, grilled perfectly with a sweet relish sauce on top. good good stuff.
This place is the bomb!! My gf and I have been here several times already and were not even tired of it! Our favorite late night restaurant :)They serve the best pork chop in the city period! I've tried other great restaurants and NOPA tops it off. Sometimes they add new entrees, so the menu is always fresh and not always the same. If you see the pork belly, get it!! Burger is grass fed and is delicious! They have a great selection of wines and drinks. And of course there desserts is delicious.Get reservations early!! This place is always packed. The service is great and the staffs are friendly and attentive. Highly recommended!
I wish I ordered the dessert first. Now that isn't a bad thing i just wish this was the first course. Thank you DC the concierge from Le Meridien. Packed on a Tuesday night, the food was excellent the wine was perfect and the service made the night. The only complaint I could have was the noise, but you have to expect this when the place had over 200 people.Great night!!!!!
Can I just say off the bat that Nopa serves the best pork chop I've ever had in my entire life!!! The portions are very generous and for that, I am thankful because the entire dish is delicious and I just want more, more, more! The quality of the meat is very good and the flavor is rich, savory, not in-your-face but very memorable! I've also had their burger and that's excellent as well (get the bacon and cheese!!!). The place is quaint with very high ceilings so you never feel overly crowded or stuffy. It filled pretty quickly so the staff is hard to flag down once in awhile and there is always usually a wait but everyone is chill and I've never had to wait longer than 10 mins. Another plus is that this place is open till 1 am!!  Isn't that just fabulous? Who wouldn't want a large slab of delicious pork chop as a midnight snack?!!! I sure do! YUM APPROVED!
When all else fails, eat where the chefs eat!I've lived in San Francisco for a little over a year and have been eating in San Francisco my whole life. I heard about this place over and over by locals who love to eat and finally got a chance to get over there.Our friend from LA who loves to eat came to visit. Her flight came in at 1045 so I thought what a great opportunity to get late night eats!We were seated upstairs overlooking the kitchen. Everything we ate was fabulous, including the two desserts. Our server made great suggestions and its always so nice to see when the servers have their favorite dishes.Our night ended with a Blue Bottle coffee liquor. Can you ask for anything more?! Can't wait to go back!
Brunch at NOPA. Get the custard French toast ASAP. You won't be sorry.
In my quest to try 7X7's recommendations for the 10 best burgers in the city (see the article here: 7x7.com/content/eat-drin), I made a late night stop to NOPA (which makes three, since I have also had burgers at Fish & Farm and Namu). NOPA had a few draws:1) It is often raved about2) I heard that had good burgers3) They are one of the few places that serves food past 10pmThe friend I came with has classes in the evening and couldn't go out to eat until about 10:30, so our options were limited. Even at 10:30pm on a Tuesday, the place was hopping, but we were able to get a table for two promptly.Service was quick and friendly and I really liked how the gave us a full bottle of water and some lemon slices (upon request for the lemon). Most of the time, requests for lemon go unheeded. After taking our order (two burgers, of course, with gruyere cheese on both), we were given a delightful amuse-bouche. The burger came out with ketchup and garlic-spice mayo, and a request for Dijon mustard was promptly fulfilled. The burgers were indeed very good, and cooked very nicely (medium rare and medium respectively). Plus, they come with delicious fries, which is not included in most of the other burgers on the 7X7 list, even though all the burgers cost about the same.Overall, the food was quite tasty and the service was very good and exceptionally quick. Total cost was about $18/person for just the burger with tax and tip. One interesting feature was the bathrooms, which are pretty much just individual stalls (marked men and women, two each) with a open, communal sink area.
I want to give 3.5 stars but I'll round up because the service was great. We could only get a 9:45 reservation so we came early to grab a drink at the bar. It was packed, but the bartender noticed we were trying to order and thoughtfully came to our rescue. Sadly I did not love my cocktail (the Quintessential). They were able to seat us early, around 9:15, which was another nice surprise. I was all set to love this place but the food was just ok. They didn't have the duck entree I wanted so we just shared 3 apps: the goat cheese, baked white beans, and the flatbread. The goat cheese was fantastic, the white bean thing was pretty good and the flatbread was a serious disappointment. Strange, since many Yelp reviews rave about it, but maybe it depends on what kind is on the menu that night. We had spicy sausage, tomato and crescenza. Something was just a little off for me. Our waiter was awesome, the atmosphere was fun, so overall I enjoyed it but the most important thing - the food- was not quite as great as I'd hoped.
Best burger in the city in my opinion..... Wayfare tavern, mo's grill, serpentine, and roam dont even compare.the open vibe spanning from the open kitchen to bathrooms with a communal bathroom sink truly unites the consciousness of the restaurant....
Loved! I would like to ask Nopa to marry me, but I'm sure it has numerous attractive offers on the table and I'm not certain I've got what it takes to beat the rest of the crowd.But Nopa sure beats the rest of the crowd! Hands down the best meal that I've had in a long time. The only downfall is that we didn't get to try more dishes. I visited Nopa on a Monday night with two friends when we were in from out of town for business. The staff at Nopa was super accommodating with our reservation which we had to adjust several times due to meetings. That's a plus! They're swamped, they didn't need to concern themselves with my reservation, but they did and I'm so glad.The atmosphere is laid back and casual without being sloppy or too cas. The server we had was great. He was a little reserved at first, but we got him to open up and share more about the menu.The flavors of all of the food were divine, the seasoning was spot on and everything we ordered was perfectly cooked (LOVED the goat!). For three of us, we enjoyed 1 cocktail and 1 glass of wine, 2 apps and 2 entrees. We ordered one dessert and had one coffee and one hot chocolate. It was the perfect amount of food and had no leftovers and wanted for nothing more (except an elastic waistband!). Our bill was $128 before tip. I can't wait for my next business trip to Nopa, I mean, San Francisco.
I went here on a Tuesday night on a whim because my friend and I had been wanting to try it, having heard the positive buzz. We called ahead to see if we could get our name on the list for a table, so while that wait time was a little long (1 hour) after talking to the hostess we decided eating at the bar would work out fine. Well we were sorely mistaken, once we walked in it was a mad rush for a spot at the bar and my friend and I ended up waiting probably 30-45 minutes for a spot. Not to mention I could have had a spot sooner if one of their pretentious waitstaff didn't make me get up from a seat I snagged to give to two people who just walked in....Call me crazy, but I thought first come first served was supposed to work differentlyAll the logistical details aside, the drinks were fine, the food was decent, but honestly for all the hype I really wasn't that impressed. I don't feel ripped off or anything, but I won't be jumping to get my name on that reservation list for a second taste. If I do end up in NOPA again I hope I get a table so I can have a more relaxing dining experience.
We came here for late night eats. I'd come back for dinner it was so good!Nopa is lively at late hours - the ambiance is great and more than a few steps up from your standard after-hours fare. Great beer and wine selections too.I enjoyed the lamb sausage flat bread - peppers, tomato, arugula and yogurt instead of cheese on top. I also enjoyed a taste of my friend's grass-fed burger.
We walked in on a Thursday night at around 8 and had no trouble getting a table in this hot spot. Excellent food and drinks. Our sever, Ryan, was very friendly and helpful and although the place was packed, we did not feel rushed at all.
Last night couldn't have been more perfect, thanks to NOPA and my lovely GF. I coasted through most of my workday, sat through my BS staff meeting, changed, ran to the bank to grab some cash, found parking, paid the meter til 6pm and headed straight into NOPA where I see my bestie and a freshly poured drink at the bar, already waiting for me. *sigh* I love her. She knows me too well ;)She had ordered this tangy concoction called a Chokehold. Interesting name... for a very tasty drink! We got to talking, and before we knew it, we were being seated at our table upstairs and perusing the menu. We ordered the wood baked giant white beans with feta, oregano and breadcrumbs for starters, which was fantastic in flavor and texture. Then we decided to share the pan seared halibut with creamy leeks, sweet dumpling squash and olive tapenade, and also the grass fed hamburger (I had been drooling over Yelp pictures of this thing for days) with pickled onions and french fries. Oh and we opted to add Gruyere cheese to it too. Btw- it's definitely the pickled onions that really make the burger :) As we progressed through our meal, we indulged in drinks called "the cocchi cup" (which was a bit too sweet for our taste), and after that, our waiter let us in on a little scoop that they make a damn good whiskey sour concoction, whipped up with creamy egg whites. We always seem to only be halfway through all of our discussions and I glance at my watch and somehow it's freakin' 10:45pm!!! Ahhh, time warp! How did that even happen??!! We've been nonstop chatting for the last 6 hours?! Haha. Classic. The bill at the end of our meal wasn't even that bad too! I was impressed! What a great place to come for yummy food, delicious drinks, awesome service and the best company.
waited for about 30-45 mins on a Sunday night. Mmmm....pork chop!!!I've never had a pork chop that really impressed me, but man, Nopa you rocked my socks! This thing was huge, moist, and flavorful. my inner foodie was definitely satisfied. Tasted like there was some anise in the spice.warm goat cheese crostini with pickled beets and arugula. call me weird but i love each bite to be perfect. i actually spent the time cutting up my beets into smaller pieces so that it wouldn't overpower the goat cheese and arugula.can't wait to come back here. i love that the menu changes...inspiring =)
BEST PORK CHOP in SF!!!!!They have other yummy things on the menu too, like the daily special flatbread and the vegetable tagine, but you are a FOOL if you don't order the pork chop.
Call me crazy, but this place is OVERRATED. Don't get me wrong--- it was good but not worth the hype. I had the flatbread, chicken, pork chop, brussel sprouts in maple butter, and the sazerac cocktail. Flatbread: Only thing that lived up to its hype. It was very tasty and cheesy.Chicken: I've never had a chicken that was worth paying over 15 bucks. This is no exception.  However, it was comparable to Zuni's chicken (also not worth the hype)Pork Chop: Heavy and forgettable. nuff saidBrussel Sprouts: Yawn Sazerac: I'm not a fan--- too boozey and licoricey for my taste
I was invited in by the sous chef, and oh wow, did NOPA impress.The amuse-bouche alone was worth the trip. The creamy warm goat cheese appetizer is a sinful little dish.The blood orange salad was perfectly dressed.The giant bean appetizer with bread crumbs and pesto set my night on fire. I thought about that selection well into the next day.Get the Blue Bottle martini for dessert. It's sweet and strong and sexy.The service was a little...off. Our waiter just didn't seem to care that much. We weren't ignored, but we had to ask for water twice. It took away from the AMAZING food before us, but no matter.I'm going back for that pork chop next time, dammit.
The grilled pork chop for dinner gets this a 5 stars, straight up.Brunch is a little less impressive (maybe they are refining it since they just started this a few months ago?). My slow cooked pork with biscuit was good but a little odd to have in what was essentially a soup in a ramekin. The french toast was good but not extraordinary.So this nets out at four stars ...
went for brunch last weekend with my parents and we all loved it. the goat cheese pudding, scone and donut were amazing! we also loved the french toast. the baked egg was fun to try, though it was unfamiliar for our palate. next time i wanna try the scrambled eggs and the crepe :) oh, a bonus is that the orange juice was "actually" freshly squeezed, i am really picky on this!
My husband and I decided to check this place out do a late night Saturday dinner. Luckily we were able to get seated shortly, which I believe was the best seat in the house, right in front of the chef station facing the kitchen. It was entertaining and a nice touch to our dinner watching the chefs prepare all the food. The food and service was excellent.
I have a soft spot in my heart for Nopa, I really do and this is why- I've figured out the secret to having a great time here. Do you wanna hear it? Ok...First, you must go with no more or less than 3 other people. Second, get a bottle (or two) of wine. The glasses of wine are no good, steer clear away from them or you will not have a good time.Third, order lots of apps! Nopa's apps are delicious and great to share.Fourth, everyone order a different entree and share AND make sure only one person orders the burger (so you can share your fries)!So now that the secret is out, maybe I will see you there.Cheers!
Worth the wait even if you will not be drinking the yummy cocktails while you wait. Get there before open time and run to the bar. The baked egg is absolutely perfect.
I'm not a big meat eater, so the pork chop was ok, mostly because it's not as tender as I would like it, and its semi-smoked. The duck was ok too, but, the farro accompanying the duck has to be the most flavorful grain I've had in a long time, with a healthy chew. The moroccan veg tagine was delish, interesting combination of veg, subtle finish of flavors. The sopaipillas can def be enjoyed by more than one person, its much tastier than it looks and make sure you cover it with the cardamon honey butter!Would def go back to try more dishes.
I've been to NOPA a handful of times now, and every time I really want it to be a 5-star experience but something about it just keeps me shy of the 5.Service is very friendly and accommodating, which is refreshing to find at a place that is so in-demand. I've had early dinner (5p), regular dinner (8p), and late dinners (11p) here and the service remained consistent, as did the food quality. The wine list is very well-curated and the bartenders and servers are able to make good recommendations based on your preference or menu selection.Their pork chop is consistently one of the best pork chops I've ever tasted. Same goes for their lamb dish, however it comes out as a smaller portion of sliced lamb, not a whole shank as the menu would lead you to believe. But it was cooked so perfectly, so fragrant and tender, that we didn't really miss the portion size we thought we were going to get.I was a bit disappointed with the tagliatelle seafood dish - the sauce was tipping towards the sour end and the combination of ingredients felt sort of uninspired.The good certainly outweighs the not so good here though, and I can say confidently that I will be back again and again.
My boyfriend and I came here for brunch on a Sunday morning. Our server, Chris, was attentive but didn't hover. He was very friendly and seemed generally interested in showing us a great time. The grapefruit cocktail was very tasty. The local scrambled eggs, fennel salad and custard French toast were all out of this world. We loved this restaurant!!
LOVE Nopa.Order the calamari but get the aioli on the side...it can be a little overpowering. The fish stew was AMAZING! Big pieces of fish, a couple of mussels. Yummm.All the salads are great. You must go.
great organic food and excellent selection of really fresh tasting dishesHard to make reservations though
Had a reservation and got seated right away. Cutest waiter w great recommendations. Delicious drinks and food. Nice loud ambiance - perfect for catching up with an old friend :). Next time I'm in town I wanna go for brunch. Ask the waiter for suggestions!
Wow, finally after a long anticipation, i made it to nopa and now will add to the over 1800 reviews on yelp. yes, the pork chop was that good, tender juicy, salty porkyness. yes the little fish was really that light and crispy and delicious. but no, the flat bread wasn't that great, but it was very thin, the crust was better than the toppings. my mojito could have used a tad bit more sugar. but overall, a great meal with a great friend.the waitstaff and hosts were incredibly friendly.love how we ended our meal with two very cute french press decafe orders, rich and aromatic. and that was decafe!will go back and try the rest of the menu.finally no longer a nopa virgin!YAY for me :)
I love nopa!!! This place has the best porkchops EVER. I've always been a huge porkchop fan and nopa is better than any other place I've been to. $25 is pricier than most other places, but it's sooo worth it! Service and ambiance is great here too. Will definitely be back! Oh, and definitely make reservations in advance, especially if you have a larger party.
If you're just scanning through this review, please at least read the next line.We made a mistake of coming to NOPA without a reservation. I shall not make such a mistake upon my next visit. Since, we decided to tough it out and wait, my friends and I managed to squeeze ourselves to the ass end of the bar, next to the waiter station. While we sipped on cocktails and munched on an order of french fries, my buddy and I periodically danced around the waiters, who were trying to get by.An hour passed... then two. By the time we were finally seated, my stomach was full on alcohol with barely anything to coat it. So, all I can say is that I remember sharing an order of pork chops, chicken, and burgers. All the dishes looked great... until we destroyed them. The food tasted great too... It should be after a 2 hour wait!!
OK, I had one bad dinner at Nopa, as detailed in my last review. Fortunately last weekend we had friends in town from LA, and they wanted to try Nopa. So we reluctantly trudged over there for brunch. It was a surprisingly good experience! Prompt seating for 5 people on a rainy Sunday at 1 PM. Excellent drinks and good service.But the real reason I am upping my stars is that the food was good this time. Amazing french toast. Like, best ever. I had a goat cheese souffle-like thing, and it was stellar. Others at the table had a sausage dish that they approved of. Definitely a very sophisticated and tasty brunch. I may give Nopa another chance for dinner. And this time steer away from their fish menu. Maybe.
Too loud and over prices. I think this place is overrated but then again I'm not much of a foodie so I may not be the best of judge.
Awesome bar and awesome food. Had the yummy pork chop! Good atmosphere.
Yay! I've been wanting to go here for a while and there was practically no wait on a Wednesday night for two of us.Friend and I split a few appetizers: the goat cheese crostini, baked giant white beans, early girl tomato salad, side of fries with aioli, and the malted milk ice cream/cookies for dessert. Portions are very generous for appetizers.Everything was so delicious, although Kokkari does the baked beans (same dish, theirs is called gigantes) better. I can't wait to go back and try an entree, cocktails, and more desserts!
Scoped the bar for 30 mins to try and sit there but it was too fun of a night for people to leave the bar so we sat at a table. Had the Calamari appetizer, chicken and duck for entrees.The chicken was delicious, very juicy and tender with a side of fruit. (a little salty though). The duck was tasty too, moist and full of flavor. The black beans that came with it were delicious too! Excellent service, will come back here again.. And to try the dessert that everyone raves about!
NOPAssing Divis, no going to Popeye's because the line is shorter, no going home and making leftover meatloaf.NOPAssing on the flat bread with goat cheese- you will regret it the rest of your life.NOPAssing on washing your hands, because the sinks are outside the bathrooms and everyone can see if you're hygenically insensitive.NOPAssing on writing this Yelp review because a place like this deserves some kind words. We came here last night for my roomie's birthday and man, does NOPA deliver. We started off with some cocktails at the bar; I had the Wash House and the combination of basil and thyme made me down the entire drink in under 5 minutes. Classy? Definitely not. Starving and needing something to get me through the next 10 minutes? Absolutely. We ordered the flat bread for an appetizer (must, must, must get this) and the sprinkling of cheese on top added to the already yummy flavors that lied baked in the crust. We also were graced with some hearty pieces of bread (AND!) slices of apples with almond butter and salt that you can sprinkle on top. Apples? Peanut Butter? Salt? You just combined three of my favorite food groups all at once. We each ordered something different. I had the Baked Pasta with spicy fennel sausage (note: not really spicy), chicken, escarole and housemade ricotta. Yum! I didn't leave a drop on my plate. My friends had the burger, chicken, Moroccan vegetable dish and Pork Chop. So let's talk about that pork chop. I don't normally eat pork (and no, it's not cause I'm a son of Jacob; just never ate it growing up). But gaw-damn people... if pork tasted like that, I'd pour it in my cereal and eat it for breakfast. So juicy and tender and it tasted like smoked bacon. Yummm.We were dead set on trying out the desserts, but we were ridiculously full by the end of the meal and decided to pass. Bacon Brittle ice cream: you will be mine. Oh yes, you will be mine. Loved the decor of this place: the enormously high ceiling, the fun bathrooms, and how the wait staff has to wear brown but can wear it anyway they want. Provides continuity and individuality all at once. And just as ex-Senator Larry Craig said to his friend through that little hole in the bathroom: "I'll be back."
Not sure why this place is so hyped up. I think the food is good but not to a point where I'll remember a couple of months later how it still taste (in fact, I came here several months ago and can't remember a single thing of what I ate) All I remember was the people that I was with --- was there to catch up with a bunch of old college friends. Definitely a good experience. I think that's what this place fosters, a hip/trendy place for a group of young people to hang out.
Am I the only person who is going to comment on their olives?! I know it's weird... but the olives at NOPA are to DIE for - and I'm not even an olive eater. Whether it's in a starter, main dish, or in a martini, they're buttery, soft, and so vibrant!NOPA:Ambience: Perfect. Loud, friendly, young, funLiquor: Good quality liquor, lovely cocktails and wineFood: The pork chop. If you haven't had it, you're missing out.I'm pretty hard to please. But this place passed the test with flying colors.
This review is mostly from my husband, because I don't eat red meat. He had the grass fed hamburger and until this day he said that was the best hamburger he's ever had in his life! Too bad I couldn't have one ha! I had halibut in some creamy corn broth, it was meh. I should have eaten the chicken. Our dessert was delicious though I forget what it was called (they seem to change the menu seasonally). But it was some ginger ice cream with ginger cookies on top.
After seeing Nopa's decor the first time I walked in I was hooked. Luckily the food doesn't disappoint either. Like the interior, the dishes represent a mix of American country and urban favorites. After finishing the sweet corn and pepper soup I wanted to ask for more. The vegetable ratigne included the most flavorful coliflower I've ever had the pleasure to taste. The burger is perfections as well. I'd guess that you couldn't go wrong with anything on the menu here. Great for a casual and delicious San Francisco meal with friends. Sitting upstairs allows you see out of the restaurant's large windows. The cocktails are pieces of art. Be sure to get a reservation.
All I have to say is this: House Cured Sardines. Okay, I'll say more...Of the 4 times I've eaten here, I was disappointed once. It was when I ordered the tagine. It just didn't wow me. But every other time I've eaten at Nopa, I've been very satisfied. Meats are always cooked to order and they do more than the standard steak with potatoes and a veggie. There is always an imaganitive and subtle twist to the flavors. That said, go for the Sardines. They are amazing.
Do i have to say what everyone else knows? place is off the hook and i can walk from home.
I loved the tuna appetizer -- best I've ever had. Great date spot and vibe - even on the weekdays.
It's true what they say: You never forget your first time. Seasonal berries and savory mascarpone cheese started it all off before I wrapped my mouth muscles around some seriously smoky and crispy duck confit (In addition to a small sampling of their grass-fed specialty burger for kicks), and I finished swooning with the luxurious Blue Bottle Cocktail. I went into NOPA as a hungry boy, but I came out a full man.
Nopa is one of my favorite restaurants in San Francisco. I've been here 3 times and I've always left satisfied. I consider Nopa an upscale restaurant, but it doesn't feel fancy it's very casual and comfortable. I've gotten the Country Pork Chop twice and the Rotisserie Herbed Chicken. The Pork Chop is always tender and juicy and the Chicken is perfectly seasoned. I always get a side of french fries, which are crispy and salty just the way I like it.Their cocktails are great also. I had the pisco sour, which has lemon juice, lime juice, quebranta pisco, and egg whites! The egg whites sounds weird in a drink, but it gives it a nice texture and flavor.Advice: make a reservation! This place is ALWAYS busy. The last time me and my boyfriend decided to come here at the last minute on a TUESDAY and we waited about an hour and a half. We really wanted to eat there, so we just got a couple drinks (the pisco sour!) at the bar until they had an available table.
After several recommendations to try this place out, I finally did a few weeks ago. It definitely lived up to the hype.Perhaps what I liked most about NOPA is that it somehow legitimately pulls off having a split personality as a neighborhood, casual hangout as well as a fine dining establishment. This is reflected in the food (gourmet comfort food that's hearty, but refined), atmosphere (sharp looking place with different sections for different purposes- communal, bar, private table, etc.), and service (professional, but friendly and down-to-earth servers).They've mastered the pork chop dish (best in the city) by offering a hearty portion and quality cut, bursting with flavor, cooked perfectly and piping hot. All appetizers are outstanding, I couldn't really recommend any specific one. And the housemade specialty cocktails are well-done across the board.Get ready for a long wait sans reservations.
I meannnnnn, I guess this place was good. Nothing bugs me more than a restaurant with hype and NOPA is kind of that place. Don't get me wrong though, the food is good, no doubt.1. We were seated upstairs with the best table overlooking the kitchen. WAY cool, so try to get this table when you are making your reservation. 2. The wine kind of sucked3. the food takes FOREVER and I mean forever, to come out. I'm guessing it was because we went on a Sat night? We seriously thought they forgot about us and by the time our food came out, we were sort of over it and not even hungry anymore. 4. The burger that my boyfriend ordered looked so boring, but the flat bread was insanely good. 5. our server was awesome. He was really sweet and VERY accommodating. He even hooked us up with some apple sorbet though we declined having dessert. I probably would not come back here, though the food was good, I just don't think I can handle another 2.5 hr dining experience again.
Had brunch here a couple of weeks ago. Everything was good. Everybody was happy. Can't wait to try it for dinner. Much better than Brenda's which I had the week before.
I am officially a NOPA fan! I went there the other night for dinner and was so impressed with the bomb ass chicken! And I've never eaten squash like that before. Seriously, could it get any better? YES it can. The wine list rocks. And Dezarie our waitress took good care of us with perfect suggestions on everything. Then, I went back for brunch today with my dad. NEW FAVORITE BRUNCH PLACE OMG!!!!I had 2 poached eggs with beautiful fall vegetables, all stewed and steamed to perfection, and these little fried polenta squares.Seriously the BEST. AND they have blue bottle coffee.My dad had the sausage and eggs with cabbage. He was so happy. Great food and the bill was under $40. NOPA does it right. Seems like they treat their employess well too, everyone seemed happy.I love NOPA!
Yes, the food is good. The server represented what San Francisco is turning into - pretentious and overhyped, not the San Francisco we know and love. After our meal, we ordered a burger to go, for a friend who was sick. The response was "We don't allow to go orders, it compromises the quality of the food".  Seriously??? Not coming back.
Really fun place. Grabbed drinks and apps at the bar. Great malbec and Czech beer on draft too!
I really wish Yelp would let me do a minimalist review. Everyone has pretty much said everything I want to say about this place. It's a great place to eat in an up and coming neighborhood, the menu is fantastic, an awesome atmosphere to share drinks with your friends, and most importantly the food is simple yet flavorful. But now that I've typed enough words, I can type the only three words I would've typed.Shaved. Asparagus. Salad.
The best restaurant in San Francisco, all things considered.Open til 1am (kitchen). Umm...yes.Amazing food... CheckBest bar with homeade cocktails, bitters amazing wine list...check.Laid back, though vibrant vibe that is both hip yet amazingly neighborhood friendly and innocuous at the same time.Every time I wanna spend some dough with friends family or my lady, this is the spot I go.
Try their Moroccan vegetable Tagine, smoked bacon flatbread and fried polenta with a bottle of Littorai Pinot. Perfect combo and definitely worth every penny.Hands down, one of my favorite restaurants in all of San Francisco.I can't wait to try their pork chops and blue bottle coffee martini.
Food was good but the service was soo off last night. I usually really enjoy eating here for the food and service, but last night was unbelievably disappointing.Our birthday group was disappointed with the 75 minute wait, lack of attentiveness from the staff, unpersonable demeanor from the hostess, overcharging of the bill, and not making the birthday boy feel special, and that isn't all... Such a bummer, I really liked Nopa the times they didn't have a horribly OFF night.
Five stars for the TOTAL picture of what this place strives to be: 1) Super Hip 2) Thoughtful Service (no small task because when this place fills up it can be rockin') 3) Great Inventive food 4) Uniquely SF When showing off SF to out of towners under the age of 40, this is a MUST. Is it the best food in the city? No. Is it the best scene in the city? No. Is it the best combo of food/scene in the city? Yep. Also I should note, I have, on more than one occasion, had great late-night date nights here (see second floor loft area for that occasion)
How best to illustrate my feelings regarding the FRENCH FRIES (came with burger)...I'll quote B. Stinson: "i love this ____ so much, i want to sew my ass shut."
Get the pork chop as your entree, and the pot de creme for dessert.The end.
I can't believe I don't have a review for NOPA yet! It's been a while since the last time i was here, but from what I remember, I enjoyed every moment and every dish I had here at NOPA. The place is always packed for dinner with HH crowds and dining ppz... I would love to come here for HH esp knowing that they serve food until 1 am!!! and not just some cheap bar foods, but the full dinner menu =) LOVED the pork chops, and also the burger here. Also, def. try their flat bread pizza (was on Food Channel's Best Thing I Ever Ate) The waitress told us that they have a rooftop garden, so a lot of the veggies and herbs are grown right above your head!! Also LOVE the open atmosphere, the high ceilings, and the happy crowd. Only minus is that their desserts didn't live up to the expectations... but that's maybe because the appetizers and the mains were too good =) Can't wait to come back here for drinks and great food!
Overall great food. I was told so much about this place. I thought it would be full of itself or just sort of talked up too much. However what I got was a great overall experience. We ordered some tomato bisque. Really good. Not overly creamy and not too salty either. It was good overall. I was recommended their pork chop. It was great actually. Really thick cut. It cut like a steak, chewed liked a steak, tasted like a really well seasoned and tasty pork chop. And it was a really generous portion too. My friend got the chicken. Really good, very moist and tender. Good flavor. The skin was good too. I think they have a little too much fun with herbs on it (mixed with the fact that I don't like chicken too much) which makes me a real fan of the original pork chop.For dessert we each got coffee and shared a cheese plate. We got the moonflower plate with almonds and honeycomb. It was really good imo. I mostly liked the honey and almonds, could have just eaten that for dessert. The cheese was decent too.Anyways I will come back for more next time. I have been told to check out the burger ... from the photo's that seems like the next logical choice.
This place is great for a date night or just to chill and have drinks with your friends, coworkers, etc. You can see couples, groups of friends and basketball players even enjoying a meal here. After the Spurs game, George Hill, Roger Mason Jr., and Michael Finley were spotted by my girlfriend. No we're not groupies. LOL! This place is popular and can be crowded because of the casual atmosphere and delicious food. And a big plus is that they are open til 1am. I especially love their appetizers, specifically the calamari! My bf ordered the burger because it was rated one of 7x7's top 10 burgers in SF, of course he had to try it! It came with a generous amount of crispy fries and a basil aioli sauce. That sauce was amazing with the burger and the fries! As for me I had the roasted chicken. Wow, it was a half of a chicken and way too much for me to finish. The skin had a light and crispy texture while the meat was nice and juicy. The cocktails here are strong and tasty. I had the fernet cocktail and if you've ever had shots of fernet you know that it has a slight taste of black licorice but this time around it had more of a smooth finish.The place itself has a great open space. Make reservations if you want a slot during peak dinner hours but if you come by after 10, the wait is usually tolerable (unless you go on a weekend). If you don't want to wait there's a large communal table that seats about 20 people or so and you can order drinks and meals there too. You just have to share it with 18 other strangers.
Very cool and hip restaurant. Wine & dessert were delicious.. However we had some major issues with the 2 hamburgers that were ordered from our table. They tasted like they were cooked in salt. We brought it to our server's attention of course and she was very nice about it, but in a high-end restaurant such as this... You would think they'd get a hamburger right.
I have returned to this restaurant time and again.That said, the food is superb, the atmosphere is hip yet cozy. Don't be afraid of the Moroccan vegetable tagine - it's a vegetarian dish that transcends (vegan, without the yogurt).One measure of a place specializing in Californian fare is the flatbread. I always order whatever the seasonal flatbread is, too. Usually some thing like gruyere, caramelized onions, and arugula.The Blue Bottle Cocktail is a great aperitif if you have. Desserts are some of my favorite in the city, and I've come here just for dessert often.
Hey guys.. this place is a great place to dine and upscale casual environment. Always pretty packed and decent cocktails. I had ordered the Trout and it was the best prepared Trout I had ever had. Highly recommend this restaurant.The only reason I didn't give this 5 stars is mainly because our waiter was pretty rude at the end of the dinner... we were definitely amazed with his presentation of the bill.
Great Food Tasty Drinks and open till late.. I love this place I take everyone there that comes into town and its always a winner..
Another great find through Food Network. Location is a little out of the way if you're not from the city, but well worth it. I made several attempts at a dinner reservation before finally booking 2 months out. Street parking can be a bit of a pain, so I'd recommend getting there at least 20 minutes before just to circle around for parking. Hands down, best burger I've had to date. We both ordered their oh so popular grass fed burger with bacon. I selected gruyere cheese, cooked to perfection! Our blue cheese burger was a little overwhelming and overpowered the meat. Nothing particularly special about the fries, but very similar to Red Robin fries. I'm generally not a fan of any sort of dipping sauce, but the horseradish (?) dipping sauce it came with was delish. For dessert, sopapillas. Our waiter compared it to a Mexican donut. The proper way to eat: Bite the corner of your sopapilla and pour the caramel into the hollow center. Only thing that could have made it better was if they used powered sugar instead of the granulated.
If you want great food and wonderful desserts, NOPA is your spot. In my top three favorite restaurants in SF. People have reviewed about the savory Porkchop. The warm toasty flatbread. The asparagus salad with poached egg. Not to mention the most delicious squab this side of squabbsville, - that I immediately washed down with a generous helping of tender goat meat.            The thing that does it for me is the undeniable attention to detail that goes into every dish. This is truly one of the most clean well run kitchens I have ever seen and it shows in every meal served. It is very hard to find such consistancy these days. When you go to NOPA you know what to expect, it's the total package.
PORK CHOPS! No, seriously, get the pork chops.
Didn't eat here, just came here for drinks with a few friends. The bar area is nice, but a little small. Once all the seats are taken, it gets too crowded for anything. the food looked amazing though.
delicious food, apps, and drinks... little on the pricey side but its well worth it for the service and quality of food and unique flavor. I dont like ham personally but somy friend ordered the app with the flatbread and ham and it was amazing. as was the lamb dish... yum. great vibe, especially for bringing out of towners.only downside, parking is near impossible.
2000 reviews??? I'll keep it short, food was okay, some great (burger and anything with tomatoes) some not so much (Pasta). This place epitomizes the pretense involved with casual full service dining in San Francisco (thats a bad thing).
With all the hype about how fantastic Nopa is I was expecting to have an amazing dining experience - unfortunately, it ended up only being sub par.Our party of 12 made reservations weeks in advance, only to find that their largest table only accommodates 9. We all wanted to sit together and the staff made it difficult for us to just add a few extra chairs to our table. They also kept telling us it would be a bad idea despite us saying we didn't mind squishing next to one another - sharing the dining experience was more important to us anyways. After an ordeal with the manager they finally obliged.We ordered every appetizer off the menu my favorites were the olive oil poached albacore which melted in your mouth, the warm goat cheese with cherries such a comforting flavor, and the flat bread which could have been an entree in itself. The starter plates were quite large and 2 of each fed our entire table. I enjoyed the appies better than the main entrees and would find Nopa to be a great place to come for late night drinks and snacks with friends, with the chilly San Francisco weather the cozy packed environment inside is perfect.You would think that since Nopa is constantly crowded that they would be skilled enough to handle 12 entrees for our table, it turned out it was more of a challenge. The members of our party who ordered the steak can be quoted as saying, "I think my steaks still 'mooing'" because their entree was so rare it was inedible. Our waitress was catty and gave them attitude when they told her about the issue with their dishes and didn't even offer to cook it further or replace them. Instead, they ended up paying $26 for a plate of food they barely ate and leaving with a stale taste in their mouths. We though a restaurant of such notoriety would have been decent enough to apologize and offer something in return. This ended up spoiling part of our dining experience.Entree ratings - Halibut with chickpeas: tasty but wished it hadn't been over a broth but a starch. Rotisserie chicken: I liked this the best, moist with crispy skin and full of flavor. Pork chop: tasty. I wish we'd ordered the burger.The food and drinks were good, but the reason for the 3 star rating was the lack of friendly service. I don't find that I will put this on my repeated dining list.
I debated between 3 and 4 stars on this one, but ultimately settled on 3. Here's the lowdown: Arrived at 6:15 for reservation and were seated a couple minutes later. There was a huge crowd at the door so I was happy to have made a reservation beforehand. On to the drinks & food... We ordered a few glasses of champagne - nothing special, but still tasty. Appetizer came out..Summer Melon Salad - good, but a little too salty. Dinner arrived..Pork chop was yummy - however a bit overcooked. The Moroccan Vegetable Tagine - OMG, get this!! It is amazing - I'd come back to NOPA just to have it. A flavor explosion in your mouth! We finished our meal with a slice of dark chocolate and cherry semifreddo & a trio of sorbets with chocolate-espresso macaroon. The semifreddo was yummy, but the trio of sorbets made me sorry I didn't choose the sopaipillas or another dessert. Service was good when the waiter came to our table - he seemed a bit-overstretched, but everyone was super friendly and accommodating.
I liked this place. And not just because of my amusement that our server looked like a present day Jim Morrison - messy mop of hair, sunken cheeks, pallid vampirish skin, and those "hip" leather wristbands; he was the epitome of rock chic. Anyway . . . enough about him. The food was good. Especially the flatbread with mushrooms and the pork chop. I thought the fries were too salty, but what can I say, I'm a bit sensitive to salt. Actually, I thought the pork chop was a bit salty as well, but it was so tender and juicy that I got over it. Unexpectedly, I really liked the white beans with tomato, oregano, feta and breadcrumbs. I'm not really a bean lover, but damn, those things were good. Dessert - lemon butter cake and lavender pot de creme with chocolate cake. Both decent. The lavender pot de creme was a bit potpourri-ish and overpowering, but it was nice having something out of the ordinary.Being located in a large room with high ceilings and no mitigating walls, it's really really loud in this restaurant. I would go with someone you either don't want to talk to that much or someone whose face you don't mind screaming in.
Ok. I'm kind of torn on my review for NOPA. There were some good things and some bad. Here's the breakdown:GOOD:-The food was good. I went with a co-worker and we split the little gems salad (yummy dressing and crunchy things on top), flatbread, pork chop (very tasty) and baked beans. Everything was good.-Our waiter was on top of it. His timing and service was impeccable. You could tell that he has been doing this for a long time and I was impressed, especially because it's really hard to find a great waiter.BAD:-When I called to see how plausible it would be to get seated without a reservation, the hostess was snobby over the phone. She stated that currently, they had seats available at the bar and the community table, but that could change at any minute, like as soon as she hangs up the phone. The way she delivered this information was just off-putting. I know you're a popular restaurant, but I'm inquiring about spending money at your establishment. You can't tell me that you're busy with a smile? (And the reason I didn't have reservations is because a long time ago--the last time I tried to dine here--they didn't take them. I'm glad that policy has since been changed. Next time I will definitely make a reservation.)-The community table brings out the worst in people. People start jockeying for position, even if you're in the middle of your meal. I mean, I have to admit, I probably did the same thing, but it really does bring out the cattiness in people. The one good thing I will say about this is that our waiter again treated this situation as a pro. My co-worker and I never felt pressured by him to hurry up and finish eating and leave. It was only the other patrons who were giving us the vulture eyes.
So far this is the best restaurant i have ever been to.I love the concept to the restaurant. All organic products most from local suppliers. Everything from the meat to the sugar was organic and it just made you feel good about eating.I had the chili braised pork, my dad the french toast, my sister the hamburger, and brother the chorizo. You could not ask for better cooked pieces of food than these. Whatever you order you cannot go wrong.Even the drink selections are fantastic. Freshly squeezed orange juice, Soda without High Fructose Corn Syrup, freshly brewed french pressed coffee and a slew of wonderful selections of teas.So far this is the best restaurant i have ever been to.
My husband took me here for my 30th birthday and it was simply amazing, in all regards.We arrived for our reservation slightly early and were promptly seated, which in my experience does not always happen in this city. The hostess suggested the pork chop and my... god... it was incredible. It was a succulent chop cooked medium rare served with asparagus and creamed cauliflower. And it was basically a little bit of pig heaven in my mouth... simply amazing. And HUGE! I'm getting chills just thinking about it again.My husband had the Alaskan cod which was also delicious. The sauce was fantastic!! Basically, the food was phenomenal, the cocktails were great, the service was fantastic, and the atmosphere was cool and hip but without trying too hard.It is fairly pricey, but you get what you pay for and I would definitely go back again.(I have had a Yelp account for about a year, but was waiting for the perfect restaurant to write my first review... alas, this is it!)
I must be very lucky! My friends from out of town went to NOPA last Monday for an 11:30 PM dinner. They raved about everything from the chicken to the pork chop to the desserts. I decided I had to try it for myself. And I did. Friday night at 10:30 PM because NOPA is all NYC like and serves dinner till 1:00 AM! The food was very good. I ordered a dish on the vegan-ish side and it was both tasty and big! Actually, everything was way bigger than expected, especially the flatbread. Too full for dessert but too curious to not try a plate of cookies and brownies w/homemade almond milk...OMG yummy to the extreme! And the lucky part...a great dining companion who generously paid for everything and entertained me with stimulating conversation!
Finally had brunch after several dinners (see my other raves) at NOPA: delicious gin fizz, soft scramble with ham and gruyere, and bacon on the side. Fiance had the soft boiled eggs with that crispy polenta that I could eat all day. Typical on point service and a great Sunday morning decision. NOPA continues to be my favorite spot for just about anything,
We came here for brunch on a Saturday and the first thing I will say is "Try the French Toast!" They didn't have many choices for dessert (an apple tartine and a trio of sorbets) but our waitress recommended that we order the french toast entree for dessert and that was excellent advice. It was delicious! Perfect amount of sweetness with a gooey, custard-like center. It was devoured instantly.I had the gin fizz (so good that I had to stop myself from ordering a second one since 2 drinks before 1pm seems excessive) and the blue bottle coffee. Excellent.I tried the famed burger with gruyere cheese which comes with a side of wedge potatoes. It did not disappoint. My burger was fine (I like medium rare to be fairly pink) but my friend's burger was a little too red so there might be some inconsistency there. I also sampled the pulled pork and butter basted eggs dishes - both yummy. When I come back, though, I'll be ordering the french toast!The decor is clean and modern with an industrial vibe. The ceiling is high so it gets noisy once the place fills up. I had a hard time hearing our waitress who stood at one end of the table so I would suggest that she consider coming around to the other end of the table to finish taking orders and answering questions. This was the only glitch in the otherwise excellent service.Biggest downside of the place is the metered parking. One hour limit so had to run outside twice.
Oh NOPA, you started off my 2010 in awesome deliciousness!This is a very homey/warm/comforting place... a good environment really is important! They have a smaller menu but I think that's what keeps the high quality in food. They use seasonal and local ingredients so everything is really fresh. You really can't go wrong w/ anything on their menu... plus they vary the menu items depending on what's in season so you could essentially order the "same" dish but it'll have a totally different taste/experience.Their drink list is pretty lethal too! They have some interesting cocktails that you'll definitely want to try ;)
When we first arrived and were told it was a 1.5 hour wait on a Sunday night, I thought is this another good but overhyped place like Delfina? The last thing you want to have as a neighborhood restaurant is one that is always packed where you have to make reservations weeks in advance. That kind of place is catering to people who don't actually live in the neighborhood but descend upon it while picking up their skirts and holding their noses so they don't actually have to experience the neighborhood it's in.Happily Nopa is not like that at all. The seating at the bar is first come first serve and the patrons were kind of enough to make room for us. It seemed like a lot of the locals drop by the bar for a bit to eat. Some guys crammed in next to us at the bar, standing around having cocktails and sharing a burger, all the while chatting with the bartenders like good friends.Service was great. Cocktails were sophisticated. How often can you get a cocktail with chartreuse? Did you even know it was more than just a color? Portions were generous. We shared one main (roasted chicken) and it was easily shareable. One breast/wing and thigh plus roasted potatoes. I should add that I never order chicken in restaurant but I would make an exception for Nopa every time.
I LIKED it. Didn't love it. The atmosphere is wonderful. The people who work here are fun and pretty. The restaurant runs like a very well-oiled machine, but somehow manages to maintain a sense of joyfulness about food and dining. The location is great, and I'm glad this place is in the neighborhood. But unless you REALLY like meat - giant slabs of meat - you may not love this place either. The waitress told us that they bring in a pig once per week and turn it into all sorts of foods, which I'm sure most people would think is really cool, but which made me want to have pasta.
I was most impressed by the wine selection and the sommelier's knowledge of the wines. The service was superior from the moment I walked in the door, until we left. The atmosphere was fun and lively. I was tempted to stay in the bar after dinner because it looked like such a great time, but its a school night. The food was great, fresh and full of wonderful flavor combinations, but there wasn't anything that seemed uniquely NOPA. It seems that the menu is aimed more to please crowds than to be one-of-a-kind, which is perfectly fine, and they do it well. It's a large restaurant and well known, so that works. I wasn't disappointed, and it was a great dinner, I just would probably go back for the wine and the atmosphere before I'd go back for a specific dish.
Awesome, totally worth the wait for a table. BTW, I really hate waiting longer than 15 minutes. But this place is exceptional. My friends loved their cocktails. Watching the bartenders making their concoctions and salivating at the sight of the rotating chickens was fun while we waited. Fennel sausage flatbread was yummy! Pappardelle Bolognese was made to perfection. Duck was divine. Pork chop is exactly what everyone else said and MORE. Ambience is trendy but fun. No more room for dessert, well, not really we wanted to try a new dessert place. Thanks NOPA! I'm coming back for the chicken next time!
NOPA-licious! is more like it. Here's the skinny: Roasted chicken, pork chop and seared albacore (appetizer). All outta-this-world-scrumdiddlyumptious! There's a reason why there are so many reviews and so many reviews that are good. No doubt about it, it's a keeper in my book. Service was great; efficient, professional and timely. And bonus points for it being super busy and open pretty late for a Sunday.
For some reason, even before my friends and I had planned a dinner at NOPA, I wanted to compare it with Oola.  However arbitrary and subjective, I just thought NOPA would be exactly like Oola, trendy, popular, but serves mediocre food. I am glad I was wrong!3 of us had a reservation at 6:30 on a Thursday night. The bar was already packed by 6.  I have never seen so many servers in a restaurant before. I like that! Understaffed restaurants put both you and the wait staff in a bad mood. We had at least 3 waiters attending to our needs throughout the evening and they were all very friendly and accommodating. When we commented on how delicious the carrot hummus on croutons tasted (you only get one tiny bite per person), our waiter brought us another serving. Our entrees were very delayed but our waiter apologized and gave us a free dessert. That's how a restaurant should operate. Customers are like kids. We aren't that hard to please; if you are swamped and dishes are late, just give something for free. No one can stay mad when they get free stuff. Anyway, onto the food. We asked if we should get the goat cheese or the calamari for appetizer and our waiter told us that the calamari is very unique. it's not fried.  And frankly, it looked like beef (my friend actually asked a server what beef dish people were eating at the bar and he was like, um, that's calamari-----WHAT???)  So our curiosity made us order the calamari. It was good! you can really taste the olive and the whole thing is like a giant tapenade on toast, with pieces of calamari here and there. Okay, so I couldn't really taste the calamari, but it was definitely a tasty little dish.I had cod for entree; my friends had pork chop and the burger. My cod was good. You can't really mess up cod; it's just naturally buttery and tender. I prefer miso glazed Japanese style cod because it's more flavorful. But this was good too. The sauce was this healthy looking tomato soup; could be a good choice if you don't want something too fatty. The pork chop was supposedly very tender. The burger was supposedly good, along with good fries with good aioli. We also got a side of greens, which was abundant with flavors. It may taste garlic-y, but it's really anchovy and lemon juice. Very tasty. Our free dessert was 3 types of sorbet with 2 fancy graham cookies. Cookies were surprisingly delicious despite its very boring look. Rose sorbet was, um, sweet and not much else. Grapefruit sorbet was slightly bitter. And the lemon sorbet was like those super sour lemon candy that makes your tongue all tingy but you can't stop eating them. For a free dessert, hell yeah, I enjoyed it. But if we had to pick one to pay for, I probably would have wanted to try churros in spicy hot chocolate or something. Price was very fair, especially compared to Oola. 3 of us had a bill of $95 including tax and tips. Ambiance is great. Very large open area. Comfortable wooden tables and chairs. However, you may not notice how close you are to the actual kitchen, but once you go home, your clothes will smell. But still, i like the idea of having the open kitchen in the back for people to drool a little over the chickens roasting and other dishes getting ready.
NOPA is good - very trendy spot, great atmostphere, hard to get seats. The service when we went was HORRIFIC though. Took way to long in between dishes (like, 20 minutes in between each course). So thats why the average rating.  Worth trying though and hopefully you get better service than we did.
The food was great at NOPA. a friend of mine recommended this place and I tried to make a reservation over the OpenTable, first try was full, second try I GOT a table for 3people. Because of the full reservation and I brought my cousin's friend and his dad that were visiting San Francisco to have dinner here, so I had a really high expectation here....and it didnt disappointed me! There are many selection of Wine, but not the food. BUT guess what we ordered 4 dished and they all were delicious! recommend the Lamb and the PorkChop! I'll definitely go back again!
Upbeat, bright and lively setting for a delish brunch including blue bottle coffee! The menu changes to keep it interesting and everything has been exceptionally good! Recommend reservations in advance!
Well what can be further said about a Restaurant with a 4 star average and over 1800 reviews... How about "Worth every penny" and a "Must try"..!!! The prices here are also not through the roof, but can easily add up, due to the well stocked bar and it's output of great tasting mixed drinks...It took a little over two weeks to get dinner reservations at NOPA, but the wait was well worth it... If you enjoy eating late and want to avoid waiting for reservations you can always walk in after 10pm, since NOPA stays open till 1am.. I may definitely try that in the future to avoid having to wait for this culinary treat...NOPA is a great looking restaurant that serves up a variety of America fares that will not intimidate the less adventurous eaters out there.. The ambiance is modern and cozy and has really huge windows that help really light up the place.. We found out from our waiter that the building used to be a Bank of America branch.. That definitely explained the oversized windows and high ceilings... Our waiter also informed us that they still kept the B of A safe and use it to store their wine... The wait staff was extremely friendly, knowledgeable, and attentive, while not being intrusive at all.. I really liked how all the wait staff wore brown colored uniform ensembles... The color brown was chosen to create a more relaxed environment, instead of the more formal stiff black and white uniforms that plague most restaurants... We took the waiters recommendation and ordered the milk braised goat with polenta and the king's cut pork-chop with diced red plum.. Our starter was a calamari and faba bean bruschetta .. The bruschetta was loaded with tender calamari and tasted fresh and was very appealing to the eye... The entrees came shortly after and were equally impressive.. The kings cut pork chop was of a mammoth proportion and had just the right amount of tenderness and taste.. I can see why so many Yelpers praised this dish.. My braised goat or as I more commonly know it as "Birria" was cooked to a tender perfection.. The meat literally fell off of the bone.. The polenta was also very fine and tasty and was the perfect compliment to go this dish... The waiter checked in to refill our beverages and check on our overall satisfaction.. We had to express our praise with the meal with a enthusiastic nod of approval.. We ended the meal with an expresso strong enough to wake the dead and a perfectly executed creme brle... Just the right amount of texture on top and warm creamy sweetness inside... Okay, that sounded like a dirty romance novel, but it was that good... NOPA will definitely be added to my favorite places to eat in the city list..* For those of you that are fans of Chow restaurant such as myself. I learned from our waiter that one of the owners of NOPA used to be an owner of Chow.. That totally explains why the food at NOPA is so good and familiar...
I came here under the raving review and insistance of my cousin and her fiance. NOPA did not disappoint. We arrived at 11 pm on a Wednesday night, and the place was packed as if it was primetime dinner. We waited approximately 10 minutes. The community table and bar was full as well. Instantly you feel more hungry than when you arrived as you watch plate after plate of simple but well presented food being served to tables. The service is impeccable as the waiters (and chef) know you are eagerly awaiting, bringing food out swiftly and quickly. We were looking to "snack" at this hour so the ordering went: 1. Shaved Asparagus Salad with poached egg and bacon2. Roasted Calamari with sausage and chick peas3. Roasted cauliflower with raisins and capersI can't adequately describe how good these small plates were, but it is indeed a place where by the time the first dish is finished you are eagerly anticipating the next and the next, and somewhere during the second, you know you will absolutely be back. The menu changes, and my cousin also recommends the pork chop. I think the chef's premise is to use simple but fresh ingredients and combine together to create a very rich taste. Whatever the chef is doing, please keep it coming! This is a highly recommended place for a chill dinner with friends where you still want to feel like you are "going out," casual dates, and late-night dining.
My second trip here, and it's time for the review. NOPA is a solid, delicious place to eat with good food, well-crafted drinks, and good service. I have ordered their hamburger twice because it's just that good, and they kindly substituted the fries for roasted broccoli with dipping sauce the second time around. The menus changed quite a bit in a gap of about 2 months, keeping most of the entrees, but switching out many of the sides & appetizers. All in all, I had a great time on both visits & will most likely be back.Word of warning: BOOK AHEAD! I booked a table for two at noon on Sunday and the earliest table they had was 9:15pm (they open at 6pm).
Stop looking for the best French toast in the galaxy. It's here. This is no joke. I'm an expert. The bread is thick. It's perfectly soaked with batter. It's cooked through to perfection. It's accompanied by a tasty whipped butter concoction and some type of orange-y coulis with real maple syrup. It's out of this world.
It's your neighborhood slightly-fancy casual dining place that's a little more than you'd want to spend on dinner regularly but is totally worth the splurge on the right occasion. Don't knock it because it's popular - if you walk up without a reservation you can expect to wait 3 to 4 hours.The menu changes daily, but you can expect a fish dish, something vegetarian, lamb, pork, chicken, steak, prepared in unique and tasty ways. The flatbread is always a good choice. For those on a budget, you can do well with the flatbread or the gourmet burger and not put too much of a hurt on the wallet.The bar is full of drinks that you haven't heard of, so you can get adventurous with your booze, or you can stick to wine and beer. The wine list is quite extensive and you can expect a good microbrew on tap.Overall, the vibe, the food, the drinks, and the service are all top rate. This is a friendly spot that knows a thing or two about delicious.
It is always a dubious presumption to name one's establishment on the neighborhood it is in. However, if NOPA is to represent the best of NOPA, I'd say that a solid case can be made for that.The restaurant is in the site of a former bank. The ceilings are tall and grand, with equally impressive large windows dwarfing the diners. It's rustic, warm, elegant, yet down-to-earth.The waitstaff is efficient and act like normal people. No pretensions, yet professional to a tee. Everything mentioned however is a prelude to the food, which is the main attraction. The restaurant specializes in organic, local, seasonal fare, and one thing that is consistent is that they excel in making meals that are remarkable as well as memorable. They bar makes well-crafted cocktails, and the wine list offers a respectable selection. If you are not sure what to get, asking the waiter or waitress for an opinion can be helpful. (if there is something on the menu that is subpar, it's nice that an insider can help you out avoid it)It's a great place for a special occasion, or to make an occasion special.On a practical note: Be sure to make reservations, and be sure to allow for ample time for parking if you drive.
This is one of my favorite restaurants in SF. I cannot wait to go back. Really great vibe - good people, incredible food, and awesome playlist, to boot!
I went to NOPA for brunch, and I can't wait to go back and try out dinner.I wasn't in the mood for breakfast, so I ended up getting the burger. The meat was perfectly cooked, tender and juicy. I added bacon and Bleu cheese to mine and it really couldn't have been any better. The potatoes that come with the burger are awesome too!Even better, they make their own hot sauce, which I truly wish came in a bottle. If you like hot sauce, definitely try theirs!Excited to try NOPA for dinner.
Got there early around 6pm and was seated 15 minutes later. We ordered everyone's recommended Bacon flatbread and Nopa's porkchop. The flatbread was still warm when we ate it!! But by far, the porkchop's were divine. Even though it's been a good year since I last went there, I still have frequent cravings to go back and eat that succulent, thick porkchop that's almost like eating a steak! It's the first place I've ever eaten that didn't have jerky like porkchops! I only took one star because at the end of the meal I requested that my food be boxed up so I can enjoy it later, but they never gave me back my food and I was so food coma I forgot to ask about it before I left.
I've been hearing such great reviews from this place that I was really excited to try it out. I called for a Saturday night reservation for 2 and was told the only time available was 10:45pm! However I was encouraged to come try and grab a seat at the bar where food is also served. So we lucked out and around 8pm we scored 2 seats at the end right near the kitchen.. no reservations chef's table!We started with pisco sours my favorite drink and ordered the flatbread, fried fish, pork chop and leg of lamb. The fried fish was perfectly done and the flat bread had great flavor. The MASSIVE sized pork chop was juicy but the veggies that came along side got a bit salty. We thought the leg of lamb would come bone in but instead it was already sliced and had this amazing sauce with it. We were stuffed but when I saw sopapillas on the menu I had to try them and the bartender suggested we add a scoop of ice cream to accompany it. The were AMAZING... pillows of fluffy sugary goodness and we filled them with ice cream and warm chocolate sauce. A MUST order item!I take away a star for the location.. I know the area isn't ideal for parking but it took us 30 mins to find a spot and I was about to give up. I'm glad I didn't!
Expensive+ great service + snobby white patrons in good moods + seriously good food = worth it.
Well, I don't know what to say that hasn't been said 1448 times before. I had myself a really fucking good meal there. The flat bread (bacon, white corn) was as good as I'd heard. The pork chop was probably the best I'd ever had.Nothing left to say but, "HEY! Guy who waited on us, shave the fucking mustache. It's distracting.
AMAZINGLY TASTY, but be sure to make a reservation. I made a reservation for 7 pm on a Saturday night three days in advance, and was promptly seated. The waiter was friendly and attentive. The service was definitely 5 star. The food was not mind blowing but it was very good and priced decently. The pork chop was moist, flavorful, and cooked perfectly. The flat bread and salad was tasty, but nothing to rave about. What was worth raving was the Sopaipillas with spiced chocolate sauce and the Blue Bottle Coffee Martini. Very good.Overall, the delicious food and great service made the night very enjoyable. It was a fabulous dinner with no complaints. Is it worth a 1-2 hour wait without a reservation? I don't think so, but if you plan ahead and make a reservation, the meal, service, and ambiance will not disappoint.
Nopa is one of the places I think of first when I think of my favorite places to eat AND drink in SF.The food is superb and also creative -- lots of veggie-friendly options as well. Their cocktail mixology is awesome -- they even made a cocktail recently with locally procured and hand-made bitters. They used Nopa-true ingredients for this, like eucalyptus. This was the first place we tasted Creme de Violette in a cocktail and we've been making yummy Aviations since. Every time I go, I also find the staff warm despite being ALWAYS WAY BUSY. A great last-minute (if you're lucky) choice too, because of the long bar and big communal table -- but it gets really really packed.It's a great experience (yeah, the food too - not JUST the drink!)
I had been wanting to stop by for a while now and I finally made it!It was rustic and organic and beautiful.Fried little fish! Oh yum! I thought that only Chinese people ate little fish but I guess everyone eats them with the heads off and bones out. The tail is left on. Om nom nom.Flat bread pizza! Also delish. The burger is fantastic! Pickled onions! Fries were okay. The baked pasta was fragrant, brothy, and comes with bacon!The ice cream sandwich is HUGE! Like 4 times bigger than ICI in Rockridge. No joke. It was like the size of an It's It. The ice cream sandwich was served with a knife, like I was going to share it. MUWAhahahahahaha. Yeah right. I tried to eat all of it on my own but I could only make it 2/3 through. I was initially sad that our last minute reservations didn't get us a table on the main floor but boy was I wrong! We got to sit in the loft area that is right on top of the kitchen! I saw my pasta come out of the oven and I saw the chef analyze it and make sure that it was just right and ready to come upstairs! So cool! Service is cool (as in cold) but not chilly. Nice but not all up in yo' face. I liked that and I can respect that. We always had a glass half full of water and the timing of the dishes was perfect.
Felt like the crowd was more at easy this time around, a little less pretentious. The drinks from the bar continue to be top quality, pisco sour was well balanced and sazerac was powerful. Service at the was good, though the hostess was bombarding our waiter by filling his section all at the same time. Rotisserie chicken was tender and juicy. The warm goat cheese delicious though the bread was like croutons, a bit too dry and hard. The colored beets were an excellent side pairing. The flat bread continued to be delicious, a bit on the salty side. Overall, very lively even well into the night. A good upbeat hang out spot.
Nopa is everything you expect it to be, and maybe a little bit more. It's classy and hip and perfect for any kind of occasion. It's great for a fun date, (expensive) dinner with a group of friends or happy hour at the bar. We went for my birthday a couple weeks ago. We had a reservation and were seated promptly on a Friday night (no ex-mayors pushing us around!)Let me just say first off: CORN IN BASIL BUTTER. It is amazing. I mean, I know it came on top of a really well cooked pork chop but the corn really captivated me for the rest of my meal. The meats are cooked great here, the goat cheese appetizer was delicious and the the semifreddo dessert was great too. Also, they do a blue bottle french press that is so yummy. Our waiter was really knowledgeable and nice. He helped us make picks from cocktails to dessert. Fun ambience and good food. I loved it.
I can't get enough of NOPA. From the fresh and deliciously prepared food to the service to the drinks to the actual restaurant, it is a fantastic culinary experience. The staff not only knows the menu, they are obviously passionate about it. I would recommend nearly any dish from fish to the flat-bread to the burger (one of the few places in the country I'll actually eat a burger), you can't go wrong. Just make sure you get a reservation way in advance or try out the community dining table - often a bit of a wait, but worth it. I am making myself hungry for NOPA, just writing this.
So I didn't have a reservation, that's alright, found a seat at the bar. Cheers for the bloody mary, gin fizz, and sunshine fix. Places like this make me wonder why I ever eat at Denny's. We had the smoked trout, wood grill chorizo, and french toast. Now all that sounds simple enough but when it hit my taste buds, I felt a rush of goodness. It was like hitting the blunt for the first time...freaking amazing. I might be a bit easy to please, but this place is the business, ya dig!
Roasted chicken and the pork chops are amazing. I love the fact that this place is open late and has a great wine list.
Fantastic, fantastic burger. If I lived in the neighborhood, I would definitely go at least once a month.I recommend NOPA, but if you go without a reservation, be prepared to wait. At most restaurants, when they quote you an hour, it's really 30 minutes. At NOPA, they say an hour and they mean an hour. If you like to hang out at the bar, it's no problem, but if you're hungry and need to eat ASAP, you need to go elsewhere.
came here with a group of about 10 for dinner.. and ordered pretty much everything on the menuthe standouts-bacon flatbreadim sure a salad of some sort was ordered and shared but i was too busy with the flatbread to remember any other starters..-porkchop.. i ordered this and a few other people did too.. it was so good that i wanted to order another one even though i was stuffed!other entrees people got were..-vegetable tangine-papardelle-herbed chicken-burgerfrom what i remember, everyone was pretty happy with what they gotnow on for the sweets.. we def didnt order enough and was pretty upset they wouldnt let me order more bc they were ready to wrap up dinner (i have a huge sweet tooth and can eat at least 2 desserts after every meal ON MY OWN)-sopaipillas-creme brulee-choc soufflehaving a spoon or two of each dessert wasn't enough to curb my sweet tooth =( make sure you have reservations if you want a table.. otherwise, you'd have to stick it out at the communal table provided for walk-ins
Nothing I can say will really change the opinion of this place. I absolutely love it. We sat on the second floor looking above the kitchen. It actually turned out to be a great spot because I was able to watch and see what the majority of the people were ordering. After about an hour or so you could guess that one of the most common is the flatbread appetizer of house smoked bacon and the pork chop.What we ate:Warm roasted calamariPork ChopBurgersopapillasPros: The calamari was delicious. Its not deep fried, it is more roasted in the oven with somewhat spicy chickpea sauce. The calamari is cooked perfectly. Not to overdone and chewy but cooked enough that was nice and tender. Probably my standard for calamari apps. The pork chop IS the BEST pork chop I have ever had. I have previously ignored pork on most menus and if it wasn't for yelp, I probably wouldn't have gotten it. This pork chop is everything everyone has talked about. I still talk about it.The sopapillas were very tasty. When we got them, it was an orange-flavored carmelized sauce that you poured into the dough. I really enjoyed it and it was a fun, active dessert that you normally don't see. Very fitting with the restaurant. Cons:Parking. Pretty difficult spot to find parking at times. The burger was okay. I think there are better burgers. It was good, but not excellent. I think my girlfriend was staring at my pork chop and wishing she ordered that. I think this is a great restaurant. They make great drinks, have a lively, urban atmosphere, everyone looks like they are having fun, and the food prices are not beyond ridiculous. The fact that my meal was so good makes me want to have more things on the menu and that is a great sign with a restaurant.I really want to try more and if I get around to it I think it will move close to 5-star.
We ended up here accidentally and totally loved it. After foolishly thinking that going to Little Star on a Friday night at 7:30 would yield positive results - only to be told that the wait (for PIZZA and not even amazing pizza) would be 90 minutes, we headed down the block and found ourselves in front of NOPA. I laughed at the prospect of being seated (again, Friday 7:30) only to learn that there were two spots at the counter for us, which we happily took.Dinner for me was a white bean/feta/tomato appetizer, a side of roasted broccoli, and sauteed greens. The boyfriend ordered baked pasta with sausage with some other stuff I don't remember. Everything was delicious. Everything.  Our server was friendly and attentive, the bar was hopping, we got to watch the flatbreads being made, and the wine was great. Loved it! Thanks, NOPA!
best thick-cut pork chop eva.
To me, NOPA just screams San Francisco, and maybe that alone could explain why I like it so much. But wait, there's more...The cocktails are killer. They've got an incredible liquor selection and mix up some of the most innovative combinations in the city. Even if you just pop in for a beer after work, it's worth the trip just to spend some time at the bar there, mingling with local regulars. I have GOT to try the Blue Bottle martini I've been hearing about!To start your meal, the flatbread is always a winner. The toppings change regularly, but the best one I've had so far had lamb sausage and feta on it and I just inhaled the thing. It's large enough to be a meal if paired with a salad, but why stop there? I've tasted some melt-in-your mouth fish, as well as red meat, but I think loading up on small plates is the (most fun) way to go. For some reason, though, I wasn't floored by the burger (which seemed to personally offend my then dinner companion, Nish N). The best thing about the food here is that most of their ingredients are locally sourced, which means the offerings change depending on what's in season or currently available. Translation: Every time you go, there is something new (and delicious) to try.Also, I love love love Brian Barneclo, and the mural on the back wall (watch him paint it live here: youtube.com/watch?v=CV6i)
Came back and got the pork chop and loved it. The pumpkin souffle was also excellent.
Okay. It's St. Patrick's Day 2007 [EDIT: 2008; I'm a drunken jackass] and we're in San Francisco for a vay-kay to visit brother and friends. Many Guinni have been consumed, and food is in order. So we try three restaurants. All closed. Then to Cav. Not feeling the menu whatsoever (crackled pig's ear doesn't settle well post-brewfest). We're running out of options. The eateries that are open have hours-long waits. It's 10:30 and it's not looking good. So we pile into the car, all seven of us one last time and tumble out at Nopa. An hour wait, but eph it at this point.Drinking is the order of the evening. Well, at least until midnight when we were seated. Wow. I'm so glad the other restaurants were shuttered or overflowing, 'cause this bar is THE best I've experienced...EVER. The bartenders, particularly Theya (sp?), are stellar. (Hint: Do NOT call them mixologists. These guys are not pretentious tools. I've learned something new about the PC world of bartending.)I started with a Dark & Stormy and sampled (many times) my friends' elderberry gimlets, the Vampire's Kiss, and various other cocktails. Also, as a microbrew fan, they have some phenom offerings. But my favorites of the night were the always-crafted-with-care-and-attention Blood Mary and cocktails they just threw together at my request. (Um, any drink with a hint of saffron gets a gold star in my gradebook.) You know a bartender is a real and true genius when s/he can create something for which you didn't know you desired but now can not get enough. These guys are suh-weet.So, over to the dining area with "just make me something awesome" drinks in hand. A free nibble, amuse bouche if you will, awaits us. Another tasty bite to add to the leek and sausage on flatbread we sampled at the bar. Service was excellent (but everything was excellent at that point, after many delicious and deadly cocktails). And the food, and you know I tried everyone's, was spot on. I know the menu changes often, but the rotis chicken with broccolini, lamb shank, pasta with goat cheese, cod, and pork were all delectable and satisfying. And gigantic (except, of course, for the cod).The entire experience--bar/tenders, conversation, ambiance, service, dining, and dessert--were well worth the two hour search for a decent meal. I wish I didn't have to buy a plane ticket to have that experience again cause, man, I'd be all over that place like Nicole Kidman on plastic surgery.
Oh, so THIS is what the fuss is all about! I finally made it to NOPA last week for dinner with my sister. Despite being quoted an hour-and-a-half wait for a two-top, the hostess grabbed us at the bar before we had a chance to order drinks and sat us at the chef's table within 3 minutes of our arrival. Apparently, she mistook us for someone else.The amari were sublime and really got my stomach growling. The Escondido Romano was more biting yet smooth than any drink with Cynar I've ever tasted, while the Mexican standoff gave a spicy kick without the after-burn. The next round of cocktails impressed as well. The Old Cuban was an iridescent, viridescent mojito, while Blood and Sand is what I would make if I wanted a Manhattan, but it was still breakfast time.I got so caught up in the drinks that I almost forgot there was food. We were perched on the edge of the kitchen, which was great for me to see them in action, but a bit of a downer for sis, who prefers to people watch. We actually asked our server to bring back a menu so we could use it as a field guide while watching them cook, and she obliged us with good humor.I'll be honest, it was months ago that I started writing this review and I forgot about the draft before I wrote about the food, so I am at a loss, but I do recall that every bite was delectable.
Only con: after dinner, I was so STUFFED I had a difficult time walking to our bus stop in my tight jeans and heels.Highlight: Thank you, Nopa for introducing me to the Blood & Sand cocktail. YUMMMMMMMM!! Note to first time visitors: Be patient if service is a little slow .. they were super busy when I was there on a Sat. night.... but the drinks & food were so worth the wait. Just relax and enjoy the ride!Food was incredible and I loved the upbeat, busy vibe. It was a PHENOMENAL first time visit!!
Overly due on my review.. a friend of mine told me about this spot and we decided to check it out. Placed our names on the wait list and waited around the community tables like hawks!! I heard that if you wait for a seat and you place your eyes on it, then its yours, well people were standing up all over the place just to eat. We waited a good hour and let me tell you it was well worth it. We at the pork choops with the potatoes, had great wine, good salad.. I cant wait to go back, get your reservations ahead of time if you can, otherwise show up late for dinner. This place is super busy everyday and is the new hip dinner spot to go to.
Nopa is a pretty popular restaurant within my circle of friends and while I've only eaten there once, I'm not quite as ready to jump up and down shouting its name from the rooftops. But is it good? Absolutely. The food here is quite good. I had the signature pork chop upon several recommendations, and it did not disappoint, yet, perhaps I just don't really care for pork chops. That aside, you can tell that everything is very well prepared. Also, the bar is well stocked and they make some great signature cocktails. I actually really enjoy happy hour here, if you can find a spot. The menu is what you would come to expect from these types of "New American" type places. You can always tell these places because there's always a burger on the menu. No matter what. The space is really nice. It's a great spot for groups or birthday dinners. I believe you need to make dinner reservations quite far in advance due to the popularity. It's the kind of place you feel like you're supposed to put on a nice shirt for but the crowd is trendy enough to not care if you don't Nopa is a nice restaurant. The food is quite good and the staff are all very friendly. All said, I'm still not quite sure what the big deal is. I enjoy the place but I'm not as excited about it as some people who've sold it to me. I'll definitely have to go back and give the menu a few more go arounds.
Me likey Nopa lots. We arrived without reservations at around 6:40p a couple Saturday nights back and knew we'd have to test our luck getting seats at the communal table or bar.But what we didn't know or like at all, was that we had to jockey for these coveted stools. It was completely rude of all of us (there was about 10 people vying for spots besides us) to stand directly behind folks who were eating still or chatting with their friends. I am certain they felt pressure to hurry up or worse, annoyance that they shouldn't have to be watched like a hawk waiting for its prey to move.That is something I wish Nopa would change - create a sign up sheet for the bar and seat the bar first come first served, as opposed to allowing us to basically harass the bar folk. I only give 4 stars because of the bad barstool situation. I hope they read this...Now, on to the good stuff. The bartender (didn't get name) was super welcoming. We asked for a glass each of their Sauvignon Blanc while we were waiting and he warned that their Sau Blanc is a bit unusual and we should try first. He pulled out what looked like a metal water cannister and poured this very cloudy wine into a glass. We tried and loved it but it was nice that the bartender took the time to help explain that the wine was different and how it was different considering how busy that bar is.When we finally got a seat at the bar, which was well worth the wait, we ordered the flatbread (spicy fennel sausage, corn, escarole, and crescenza) and while the toppings were good, the dough on that flatbread is the most amazing flavor and texture we've ever had.I should confess that the hubby and I are huge pizza/flatbread snobs. We are very picky because the hubby knows exactly how to rock the flatbreads at home. There was something tangy with the dough, could there be some SF sourdough starter involved? And dare I say flaky-like texture intrigued us - not pastry flaky, but definitely light and airy.I will definitely go back, but with reservations next time, unless of course they implement the sign-in wait list for the bar...
To piggy-back (har har) on what many others have already said, the pork chop was TO DIE. Incredibly tender and for once not accompanied by an incarnation of apples and/or apricots, but instead an interesting cream sauce with just the slightest hint of cinnamon. Had this dish been served with just a perfectly-cooked piece of meat on a plate, I still would have been a happy camper.I actually ordered the duck (also excellent) but found myself making "come hither" eyes at my man friend's plate, more than once. Good thing he sat next to me and was glad to trade bite-for-bite. (Though he too agreed: pork was the clear winner.)Wine selection was impressive and reasonably priced, as were the entrees. In this place, you definitely get what you pay for, and for our group of 8, we were very happy to average about $50/head. Full disclosure though: nearly half the table skipped on alcohol and all of our appetizers were taken care of-- the result of having to wait 30 minutes past our reservation time, to be seated. Be prepared to shell out a bit more under normal circumstances.Still, the staff was very friendly and accomodating, and as a veteran service professional myself, I was neither surprised nor particularly annoyed to hang out at the bar with my pals before being seated, during their Saturday night rush. We were also able to snag the best seats in the house- on the balcony overlooking NOPA's pristine kitchen! It was awesome.In short, I would absolutely reccommend this restaurant to SF natives and visitors alike. I'm sure I'll be back soon!
Intimate environment and definitely a find. Everything was melt-in-your-mouth delicious, but the pork chop was the best pork chop I've ever had and Blue Bottle Coffee cocktail was a perfect way to finish out the meal.
Love it -- was SO worth the wait. Just be ready for elbows and knees to be thrown if you're at the "community table" as we were. Noise level is loud for sure -- but if you're in the mood, it's all good. Had fun with a spontaneous date here, and loved the food and drinks.
lives up to the hype, will definitely be going back, this time with reservations. had the following entrees:1) pork chop (4 stars)2) leg of lamb (4.5 stars)3) rotisserie chicken (5 stars)4) halibut (3.5 stars)drinks and apps were good. gave nopa a 5-star rating for overall experience.
I don't eat chicken. Why? Food poisoning three years ago! Plus, I just don't like the idea of it :X. I DO eat foie gras. Why? It doesn't sound so bad when I call it "birdie liver" and the birdie liver at Gary Danko MELTS in your mouth (but that's another review.. ^^)!I don't eat lamb.Why? They're too cute and fluffy.I eat cow.Why? They're BIG and cute (yes, I know I also said lambs are cute.. but WHATEVER) and they're my favorite animals (after dolphins ^^). Well, thank God I love cows or I would be missing out on one of the greatest burgers EVVVVV-ERRRRRR (make sure you read "ever" the way I wrote it)! Nopa's burger is so flavorful, juicy, and absolutely AAAAA-MAZZZZZZING (did you read it the way I wrote it? ^^). I know good burgers don't need ketchup, but I was curious! When my boyfriend wasn't looking, I quickly (and ashamedly) dipped my burger in ketchup and realized that Nopa's burgers don't need ketchup at all! I have no idea how Nopa ranked behind Fish & Farm's burger on 7x7's Best Burger's in SF list. Nopa's burger is so delicious I think about it everyday. I've even made it a routine to stare at this picture.. yelp.com/user_local_phot before I go to bed every night!P.S. The polenta is delicious and goes well with the salty pork chops :)
Finally found a place that stays open until 1pm in SF! Nopa has fantastic food, drinks and a good scene. So happy Yelp helped me find this place! Took friends from Louisiana here and they said the porkchop was the best they had ever had. Burger was good too. Will definitely be back.
I don't know if this is a case of the emperor's wears no clothes and people just pretend the food is amazing since that is what everyone else says. But for me it was just okay. The $10 green salad with a chopped fig on top was nothing exciting or plentiful. The complimentary cracker with cheese spread was really delicious though lol. The salmon dish was definitely average or below average. The corn sauce was good but the salmon itself was pretty sad, pretty flavorless and falling apart/kind of raw and not too warm. And I've had a lot of freakin' salmon in my life, its my go to dish at most restaurants. Pretty disappointing. The chocolate dessert was good, the sopapillas, ehh I've def had better, and the wine highly priced. Overall expensive, which is okay if its amazing and worth it, but unfortunately it wasn't/
Service deserves 5 stars- the staff was courteous, even funny, and attentive without being overbearing. Ambiance/decor- 4 stars. I liked the open-air feel to the place & lively atmosphere.Food- 3 stars. While this may not seem to add up, ultimately, I'm at a restaurant to eat so the food rating has greater weight. NOPA is on board with this whole fancy-assed comfort food trend that I keep encountering in San Francisco. This trend needs to go or maybe I need to do a better job of avoiding it. The grilled calamari with beans & arugala was tasty but didn't need the aioli. Speaking of aioli . . . I had the pork sandwich special. Evidently they ordered a giant pig and butchered it, selling different cuts throughout the week. I dig the concept. But the sandwhich's execution was severely lacking. The slaw dressing tasted like typical Marzetti's brand-- fine, but this is supposed to be FANCY comfort food --the pickled onions (and I effing love onions) were really, really vinegar-y, and there was so much aioli slathered on the thing that coupled with the aforementioned ingredients, I couldn't taste the pork. Oh, and it was served with french fries. C'mon, for $16 throw some roasted potatoes or potato salad or something on the side. In-N-Out has better fries. Cookies & Almond milk dessert was good, the almond milk particularly.I liked this place but it just didn't take me there food-wise.
Seriously as good as it gets! I'm glad I circled around enough times to find parking at NOPA. The first time I tried this place I was feeling a little under the weather, had no reservation but luckily I was in good company, squeezing in 3 people at the bar. This place was popping with great beats in the background and the after work crowd. I figured a nice cocktail could temporarily provide the healing tonic I needed and ordered up the Sunshine Fix and immediately brightened up. The various unique spirits and cocktail selections intrigued me and my group, so we made sure to try something different for sampling purposes. As my appetite kicked in from the savory aromas floating from the kitchen, I decided on the Grassfed burger and sampled my friends Bolognese. "Holy hamburger!" It was perfectly cooked, paired with french fries and meyer lemon aolli dip. I took a bite of this mouth watering burger and found myself in another world for a moment. I know its just a burger but to me, it was unlike any burger and I love burgers! I took a quick break from the burger and wrapped the bolognese around my fork and felt so comforted! Torn between the dishes and not stealing my friends plate of bolognese I knew that I would be coming back to NOPA again and again. Note to self: Make reservations ahead of time or else you'l be waiting awhile.
Ooooh baby, this one really takes the cake. had a wonderful meal there, our server Nick (formally of my fav NYC restaurant Blue Ribbon) was super knowledgable, friendly and downright awesome (ask for him!). I had corned beef hash which blew my taste buds away, gotta get there and try it. The icing on the cake however, (besides the amazing organic tomato juice bloodies) was the French Toast... Holy COW - I normally don't like sweets that much but we shared a half order between us and I have to say that I is happy with such things :)Go here before you go anywhere else!
I wanted to go somewhere special with my friend who is moving to Hawaii. My BFF recommended nopa! We really enjoyed our experience!. Couldn't get a rez until 10:30...yikes...on a work night! But glad we made it happen. Bar Crudo is a hop skip and jump away so we hung out there...will go back for full dinner!! But that's for another review! Back to nopa! Good service and great food! We shared 3 things: Polenta & bolognese, then the chickory salad w/ bacon & egg, and for our entree we had the pork chop (OMG!) The polenta dish could have been my whole dinner...not that the portion was big but it was SO Amazing and satisfying. I'm glad we split it tho'...needed room for the salad. There is something so comforting about a bacon and egg anything...so throw that on some hearty greens and WOW! Again, glad we split it because the pork chop was off the hoof!! It has to be the most tender & juicy pork chop I've EVER had!! Prepared medium with mushrooms & greens...perfect!Couldn't believe how busy they were at close to midnight on a Thur!! Great spot....I will be back!
I HAD THE BEST CHEESEBURGER OF MY LIFE HERE LAST NIGHTPlus 2 stars.
Ok so my previous review was not so off. The wait between courses is long! Every time I've been here since my first review supports that there is always a super long wait between dishes. And even at the communal table, the last time we came at 10pm for dessert, we literally did not get our first order till midnight! It was worth the wait (the donut dish, and the lavender chocolate cake!) but until that dish gets out, you may be a little annoyed and antsy. Still love the place just know what to expect.
Great food!! Pricey, but if you stick to the small plates you get to try a lot more and it keeps the price down. EVERYTHING was fantastic!
I'd give NOPA 4.5 stars if possible. The ambiance is fun-relaxing yet vibrant. The service is solid. And the food is really, really good. To start we had a bean dish that was almost like a mini lasagna made of cannelloni beans. It was insanely delicious. Then I had a vegetarian tagine which is one of those amazing meatless dishes that makes me think I could go veggie forever...until I tried a bite of my husband's burger and realized it was one of the most well-seasoned and tasty burgers I've ever tried. With good wine, it was the perfect evening. Will be back again & again.
Amazing! Worth all the hype. Had the burger, avocado salad, and goat cheese.Tips: Sit at bar and have the bar tender make you a drink. They know their stuff, big ice cubes and interesting cocktails.
Came here with friends for a party of 8. Got seated right at 6pm (w/ reservations). Really friendly staff and great tall ceilings. Ordered the chicken ($19) - delicious and very generous portions!Ordered the pork chop - medium well, still pink on the inside. Delicious ($25). Lavender Pot D'creme - served in a "candle jar"(?). It was very flavorful. ($8). We left 3.5 hours later. No hassle from the staff to close our bill etc. Great place for a medium sized group to catch up and get together.
The pork chop here is really that favorable. I'm not a fan of pork chops either. This one is really that good! Extra wide cut, brined for favor, and grilled to perfection. It's moist and tasty unlike the dryness you come to expect from typical chops. Definitely recommended!The burger...eh. It's ok. I was expecting more from it. It was juicy but the favor wasn't there. The fries made up for the burger. The fries are one of the best. Fresh cut and double fried for crispness. Service is really accommodating if you arrive with reservations. Staff was very attentive to us.... great experience both times!
I'd been wanting to come here for the bar ever since I met one of the bartenders at the SF Chefs event. He made some mean drinks there, and a wanted some more classic-ish, liquor heavy drinks. I was not disappointed.Between the 2 of us that went, we had a "last word", a "summer cup" and 2 drinks that the bartender whipped us up since we were both whiskey fans - an old fashioned "without all the bad shit in it" (his words - awesome dude :)). The funkier drinks were inventive and yummy, the classic drinks were liquory and delish. BTW, its awesome to go to a place where Bulleit is in the well. The bartender's recommendations were right on the money, and wouldn't hesitate to have him make his choice for me again.Crowd-wise, its a little older-ish (realize that I'm 27). Sort of like a crowd you'd see at Absinthe. It was awesome to be hit on by a coug who's husband helped sponsor outside lands. I was praying to have a suga-momma forever, but no such luck (lame). Maybe next time, I should shave or something to show off some more of my boyish charm.The drinks whoop ass, and I'll definitely go back to try the food with either a business dinner or a parent in tow.
Really attentive service from greeter to table setter, and the food is superb--we tried the cod brandade, served w/greens :) app, I had duck confit + my date had porchetta w/butter beans--she ended up taking a portion home. All servings generous, piping hot. Excellent bar + cocktails.
Great food and great atmosphere. What more can you ask?The standing/sitting long bar and the high ceiling gives this space a more "party/lounge" atmosphere which makes for a fun night out.Everything was tasty but two dishes worth separate mentioning:- The burgers were small but simply great.- The pork chops were outstanding. I'm definitely not a pork chops guy, but these were sooo good. A must have.
I went to a group dinner last night. We went an hour earlier because they do not take any reservation. The bar drinks is pretty good, i had the Wash House. So, they seated us around 6ish and we got to sit on the 2nd floor. Nice gathering area. It is more quiet than being on the 1st floor because it's next to the bar area. We enjoyed the food.. my fish dish was really good and buttery. My husband's pork chop was also flavorful and juicy. I got to taste my sister's pasta dish too and I like hers also. The fried fries is so cool with their Basil Aoli was soooo good! Anyways, everyone else in our party enjoyed the food and left feeling satisfied! =) Dessert was good. Also, my husband order a Irish coffee: mixed with whisky. =P but on the side, they gave him a french presser with regular coffee and macchiato sugar. They was also so good! Dinner lasted 2 hours because they were kind of busy on a Saturday night. FYI: The waitress told us that they change their menu daily.
Came here for Sunday night dinner and the place was packed! I felt like I made a mistake and walked in on a Saturday night. I've heard glowing things about the food here, esp the pork chop, so my expectations were high. Started with the gigante beans, the baked egg and the flatbread. The flatbread was my favorite, with the extremely thin crust, fennel sausage and cheese. I would have been satisfied just having that for dinner!The pork chop was good, nicely seasoned and not dry. I wasn't blown away, but then again I have pretty high standards for food. The roasted chicken was also tasty, but really could have stopped at the flatbread and called it a meal.
This place is awesome for the following reasons:1) Cool wait staff serves delicious and interesting food until 1am2) Both times I went, I did not have a reservation and was seated immediately3) I met an awesome dude here who introduced me to a group of really sweet people when I was new to the city.I would recommend this to anyone, from anywhere, at any time.
Man is this one popular place. We actually arrived a bit early for our reservations and the staff were more than accommodating to get us in. However as they were checking for tables, we noticed that both the bar and communal table was packed to the max with many people just lingering hoping to get in. The corner space the restaurant occupies is huge with many modern elements fused with some rustic touches. We got a table for two upstairs, that had not only a great view of most of the restaurant, but also a direct overhead view of the kitchen. As the decor, the menu matches that combination of rustic comfort food with modern touches. We chose the london broil and baked pasta with spinach, tomatoes, bacon and goat cheese. The london broil was good but it didn't wow us. The baked pasta however was ridiculously good. It's usually a far cry for me to admit pasta being better than carne but there was no question what was better here. Wow. I'd recommend people going here for the baked pasta alone.The service was solid although our waiter seemed a bit nervous. The place was packed as noted earlier but they kept the place humming along. One of the nice things about sitting above the kitchen is being able to witness the process. What seemed pretty popular as a cooking technique here is the use of the broiler. It looks like many dishes get a n initial cooking treatment and then are moved off to an array of oval metal plates which are then promptly to the high heat. Then they are plated appropriately for presentation. It was interesting to see maybe three fourths of the dishes go through that process.Since we were going to see a show down at the Independent, we didn't get to do the whole leisurely dinner. However the experience we had is enough to give this place a whirl again. It already looks like some of the items have changed so we can also look forward to trying different things, although the baked pasta is still on the menu and I'm not sure I could pass that up.
I absolutely love this place! It has a great atmosphere, with an open kitchen and balcony seating above (the best seat is near the rail above the kitchen. I was able to see them work their magic and watch all the different plates come off the line). I have a great experience every time I eat here and every employee I encounter have been really nice and personable.Of course the real reason I go is for their flatbreads, burgers, and pork chops! The chops are perfectly cooked. The burger is so tender and juicy. I'm always leaving the restaurant feeling satisfied and happy.I think one day I need to try something new on the menu. But everytime I go, I always go back to the 3 on the menu. I'm sooooo addicted, thanks NOPA!
This place was seriously busy for a Monday night, it was great! Luckily we had reservations and my friends and i were seated right away. We sat upstairs so I could peek down and watch the cooks cooking away which was pretty fun. I have heard so much about this restaurant and so glad i was able to try it out. Excellent food great energy to the place! However I left feeling so stuffed but in a good way. My favorite appetizer was the flatbread, and i had the Hamburger for dinner which was cooked perfectly. I really enjoyed the fries and basil dipping sauce. I cannot drink right now but my friends were raving about the cocktails. Next time I will get a drink here.
This place is really cool. You need to make a reservation, even on a weeknight, otherwise you're going to waiting for a while.The goat cheese and sourdough bread/crackers were really good! I'm not a fan of goat cheese at all, but this was super tasty. The pork chops was one of the best i've ever had. Super tender and flavorful. The beef brisket was above average, but not great. The sauce that came along with it had a hint of horseradish, which gave it a little kick.I was a little disappointed with the dessert. We ordered Pot De Creme, which was served with a brownie. I originally thought it would taste custardy, but it had this flowery aftertaste which tasted like a massage, if you could imagine.Overall though, this place is awesome. The service was great. I'd definitely come back and try the burger next time.
I went with a buddy to try out the one of "top 10" in SF burgers, and it was indeed a damn fine burger. I got mine medium rare with blue cheese and their bacon. Their burger is the thick, but smaller circumference style and it does work. Great bun and damn fine texture/firmness coupled with soft juiciness. Not too crisp on outside as well. The fries rocked, in fact the chili cheese dip for them made me eat too many and fill up too fast - my advise would be to avoid the fries mostly until you finish the substantial burger.The only downside was that the service was a little slow and not often around when needed - maybe a function of being upstairs, but the view is to kill for just above the kitchen area!
The cocktails were good. The wait was like 2 hours. I liked the burger. Seems trendy.
There aren't too many places you can show up at 30 minutes past midnight and still have the kind of meal we had at NOPA. We called on our way over at about 12:15 to make sure we weren't going to be "that table" who came in at the last minute and made the staff stay all night. Quite to the contrary, they were still pretty crowded and the host took my name and said he'd have a table waiting for us.... which he did! I ended up ordering the pork chop served with sweet corn and grilled apples and my wife had the cauliflower soup and the sausage flatbread. It was all fantastic-- well prepared, well seasoned, perfectly cooked and very fresh. My wife thought the soup was one of the best she's ever had.By the time we had finished dessert (brown butter cake with olive oil ice cream!), it was almost 2am. They stop serving savory food and drinks at 1, but the room remained lively and the staff was still smiling as we left.All in all, this is a great choice for an excellent, upscale, unpretentious late night meal!
Ive heard the many praises from friends about NOPA and usually when too many people are hyping the place up, im on the fence about truly believing it will live up to that hype until ive tried it for myself. I had the flatbread for appetizer and I loved it. Arugula, cherry tomatoes and bacon - it was really good. Im craving it right now actually. Im normally not a fan of tomatoes, but i ate all of em on this. For my entree i had the halibut with veggies in a pesto sauce. My fish was cooked perfectly and it had really good flavors.  Accompanying dinner was a nice spanish wine. First time i had a spanish white wine and i was very pleased. Dessert left something to be desired. First choice was nixed by the waitress (bad sign), second choice sounded good on paper - "bohemian creamery w/ strawberries and balsamic honey" - see, sounds tasty right, but when placed on the table was cheese on toast and strawberries on the side? Do i have to bend you over and whip you like a bad girl NOPA? I was utterly confused. Third times a charm right? No not really - beignet type things with honey drizzled on top. Meh, pretty average. Im a glutton for dessert, and unforunately I wasnt knocked off my seat....and i didnt blush in my no-no places....*super serious sad face*But i digress, even though NOPA didnt quite live up to the hype, i did enjoy my time and meal here. I cant knock them for dessert, thats not what determines my experience. Plus there is much more of the menu i would like to try. Our waitress was more than attentive giving some awesome recommendations and taking the time to talk to us about the food and wine. And although it is quite loud in here, its an attractive space that gets filled every night, so you know they're doing something right. Im sure i will make my way back here for that delicious flatbread.
I have been really curious about their pork chop for some time now but was a bit disappointed. It was really too salty for my taste and not as moist as I'd like it. Perhaps it was just a busy night?The burger was very good especially with their pickled onions (who would have thought?) but I have to call out the stale bun. It was dry and too heavy for the meat. The appz and desserts, however, were amazing! LOVED the little fried fish - a pile of crispy whole smelt, and the shaved asparagus salad with poached egg was popular throughout the restaurant as well.Must try the farro-cardamom pudding. It's like rice pudding but with a much larger grain for more of a bite, less mushy. The sherry syrup on top gave it a nice kick. Also really liked the lavender pot de creme. It was fragrant and creamy with a rich chocolate pudding cake to the side (more like flourless cake). Both were very decadent. Service was decent, not as prompt as I'd like... but that wasn't a problem because with our upstairs balcony view, my date and I were thoroughly entertained watching the kitchen, admiring the decor, or people watching.. mainly just people watching.Dessert pix & review: examiner.com/x-49491-SF-
The burger here is probably the best thing on the menu, and greatest value. Everything else is pricier, but I guess with the fact that it's open late everyday makes this place a gem, especially for SF. I wish they had more selection to choose from though! The ambiance here is definitely great. I will have to try something else the next time I'm here to re-review and eval this joint!
Loved the food, though it gets crazy busy, so MAKE A RESERVATION a day before. I loved the flatbread with apples and arugula, and the albacore appetizer.
This is the place to go for the 3 BEST of the BEST:- Bar - extensive varieties / selections- Food - doesn't get any fresher, creative and TASTY- Atmosphere - Just loud enough to rev-up and have some fun
Went here on a Friday night and the place was 85% packed. Didn't drive on lack of parking recommendation, so we took BART. Table was available earlier than our reservation for 10pm and they were able to accommodate, a plus.Started off with an Amuse Bouche (pallette cleanse) consisting of washington apples with an almond butter.Ordered the Pisco Sour for cocktail. Was curious by the egg white fusion, but it was was made well, not over too strong, smooth.Started off with the batter fried anchovies served with basil aioli. First time eating whole anchovies and I enjoyed them. Crispy, not too salty, not overpowering. Also had the flat bread pizza. The bread was crispy at times, chewy at other times due to the olive oil saturation. Had italian sausage and arugula. Recommend the flat bread.Main course, I had the Pork chop. Looked center-cut, bone in? Thick cut, about an inch to inch and a quarter. Overall, dish really well done. The meat was done to a medium finish. Succulent, tender, juicy flavor throughout every bite. At first few bites, seemed salty, but wore off or my pallette adjusted. Served with braised greens and a mustard sauce. complimented the meat well.Dessert - bangin! Caramelized apples with vanilla ice cream, Bacon brittle over a flat pastry shell. A perfect blend of flavors. Sweet, salty creamy, crunchy, savory, smoky. The liquid smoke is infused to the bacon and brittle. It is truly one of a kind, I've never seen or tasted anything like it. I'll never forget this dessert, ever.The service was good, I forgot the guy's name, but was friendly, timely, and detailed through all the questions we had on the menu.Restrooms were clean. Nice. The sinks were pretty cool. My only beef was that our table was on the second floor and they kept cooking up the anchovies, and the smell kept recurring like every 10 minutes. Definitely don't wanna leave smelling like fried fish. Overall, our experience overall was very good. Food quality, service, ambience/decor, price. Definitely a trendy place to dine or to just hang at the bar having a few drinks. I'd dine here again, and would recommend to others.
I am constantly craving for their pork chop........lol. However, u really need to make the reservation beforehand, otherwise, the wait is just ridiculous. This restaurant is super busy, therefore, it is very hard for them to control the flow of the food served to your table. My friend and I had waited the dessert for more than 20 minutes after finishing our entree. Therefore, most of the time, I would just forget about their dessert (the pork chop filled me up anyway).  I wonder how many tables does each server handle?I will always go back for their pork chop.
The entire restaurant was aesthetically pleasing. Staff were nice and courteous. They were attentive but not in your face. Loved the blue bottle coffee. The custard french toast with lavender honey glazed strawberries and lemon butter was huge for 1/2 serving. Glad my friend and I shared. The lavender was nice and light. The goat cheese bread pudding with roasted corn and upland cress was nice. The goat cheese not to strong and pudding not too sweet. The long braised pork with wild rice, eggplant, sauted greens, salsa Verde and jalapeo skillet bread was tasty. I really liked the jalapeo bread. My friend liked her wood grilled andouille sausage with poached eggs, yellow eye beans, roasted carrots and pickled relish. The whole brunch experience was great. Cant wait to try the dinner and dessert menu.
Ok, so it was just another one of those days where we had nothing to do but eat and lounge all day. Typical for us. Late lunch at Zuni's, walked around North Beach a bit in search of dessert for me! Couldn't settle on anything, so onto more drinking.It wasn't too busy here tonight. Right amount of people. We grabbed a drink at the bar and waited for a spot to open up. Didn't take long at all. My first drink was a manzanita...um yuck. Obviously I saw apple in the description and thought it was fruity. No way in hell. It had a smokey STRONG taste to it. Took 2 sips and I was ready to gag. It's not their fault I'm a light weight haha. Just ordered a glass of rose. More my style!-pizza w/ bacon and cheese-salad-sopaipillas (AMAZING- definitely get these) reminds of of zepolis but squared. The sauce was perfect comboDefinitely will have to come by again.
I am the 1316th review for Nopa. But amazingly enough not a lot of people know about this place. Whenever I bring up Nopa, they automatically think Napa. And they are just staring at me like I have no clue what I'm talking about...but at least there are 1315 other people out there that do know what place I'm talking about.So anyhow, I decided to take my lady here for her birthday. Nothing too fancy shmancy, but I know this place would be a good catch.We started out with the flat bread, it has bits of pancetta and arugula. That was tasty and wasn't too salty. I know some places would of made this into a salty flat bread dish.My lady had the Country Pork Chop which had a side of potatoes, snow peas, baby carrots. That was cooked really well. One of the best pork chops I've tasted.I had the braised osso bucco, which came with spring onions and this, I dont know what it was..it was like oatmeal or something. Just looked really healthy or something. Anyhow our server was saying how osso bucco was a variety of different meats and that night it was pork. So it was braised pork, which was very tender and you could practically eat it with a spoon.And for dessert, we had the spiced chocolate cake, which came with a pepper caramel and a scoop of white chocolate ice cream. Now this kind of ruined the dinner for us. It just had a strange spice flavor to the cake and the pepper caramel didnt work out too well, If you were able to get the ice cream on either it wouldnt be too bad but I think maybe we should of ordered something else.Otherwise, dinner was very good. We sat upstairs overlooking the people. We had a pretty good view of the chefs and we could kind of see what they were up to. Nopa is a pretty loud place so your not going to want to come if your looking for a quiet dinner. One more thing that could of been a bit better was the wait time on food. Took a bit too long for food to come out...I'm pretty lenient on wait time, it wasn't extremely long but longer then what i'm used to.I will be back to try their roast chicken...looks like that was a hit that night.
Best Pork Chop ever had!!! I felt that this place prepared the food with very down to earth fashion. They fully respect the original flavor of each ingredient, no smattering in cheese or with heavily flavored sauce. The dishes came out are all with subtle but complex layer of flavors.We ordered braised Lamb, roasted calamari, vegetables tangerine, and dark chocolate cake with caramel sauce, were all very memorable in my book. One more thing, any place that offering dishes with such a quality till around 1am is a must to visit.
The food at NOPA is definitely tasty. My biggest complaint is the lack of vegetarian options. There was only one veggie entree. However, there were a few starters that qualified. Would I go back? Sure. I just wouldn't go out of my way to do so. This places falls into that category of restaurants I take my "meat eatin" friends. You know, the one's who consider a plate-sized piece of pork a meal and who wilt at the sight of broccoli. So four stars for food but 3 for veggie-friendly. That said, the service was amazing. Oh, and the mojito I had far from sucked.
Food: five stars (I had the fish soup, the rotisserie chicken, and some dessert tastes last night).Service: five stars.Wine list: 4 1/2 stars.General feeling of the restaurant: a bit cramped.Noise level: 48 bells. It was impossible to carry on a conversation with the woman seated across the table from me. And we had things to discuss!Conclusion: I wish they'd put up acoustic tile. Or that they'd give out noise-cancelling headphones at the door. If I come again, it'll be around midnight, when the place is perhaps a bit less frantic. I'll be dining for the rest of the week at a local monestary.
My husband went here for our 1 year anniversary and were very happy about our decision. We walked in at 5:30 to put our names on the walk in list since reservations were full for the night. I'm happy we did because we were able to try the "snacks" at the bar. Bacon wrapped figs stuuffed with blue cheese? Whoa! They were as good as it sounds! Duck skewers were delicious and so were the fried chick peas. We enjoyed our wine as we watched the bartenders interact with the crowd and each other. We sat down for dinner about 6:30 on the top balcony overlooked the chefs and prep tables hard at work making the legendary flatbread. We had the goat cheese (epic) for our appetizer. What do they marinate that pork chop with? It was amazing as well as my husbands roasted chicken.The wine list was impressive and paired well with the meals. I would definately go back to try the flatbread and perhaps the burger. NOPA really was a treat and we recommend it to our fellow yelpers.
I first tried Nopa last year. Went for the second time last week.After reading the reviews, I decided to try the pork chop this go around and also ordered the warm goat cheese app. OMG! Both were great. BUT, the pork chops... The most flavorful, tender pork chops EVER!Although they have a fairly interesting wine list, I brought a bottle of wine instead - corkage was $20. I especially love that they're open late. Why can't other SF restaurants of this caliber be open later?! Looking forward to the next visit!
On my recent trip to SF I was ahead of the game for once and got reservations at the spots I really wanted to try and NOPA was a must on the list... We had a 730 res on a PACKED Friday night and we were seated almost instantly by a very friendly front host staff.  If you can't tell from my earlier posts I'm really big on a pleasant host staff, I mean they are your first and last impression of a place. As they walked us thru a very cool looking dining room, huge windows, high ceilings, open kitchen looking out to the dining room, a very loud, fun atmosphere.  I noticed they were taking us upstairs, this worried me for about a second until I realized we had the best seat up there, overlooking the entire place, great for people watching as well as peeking at the kitchen work their magic.  If you can, request a table upstairs, its worth it.We started off with a bottle of Pinot Blanc and got right down to business, I had the mussels for an appetizer, served in a vermouth, garlic and spinach broth...WOW I easily could have had 2 orders of this for my entree and the broth was so good that the hunk of fresh bread you get with it was not enough. If I wasn't in public i would have gulped down the remainder in the bowl. Entrees, we had the pork chop which I guess is a specialty there, they brine it and it was really flavorful and tender and we also had a homemade tagliatelle with lamb sausage that was also homemade and that too was really good. Not a heavy cream or tomato sauce, just a simple garlic and olive oil based sauce. I'm not a desert guy but we had a slice of ginger molasses cake which was awesome, warm and tasty. Service was outstanding, food was solid and the overall exp was great. Next time I'm out there i will for sure make another trip
Can only rate it on the drinks. They were good, bartenders knew what they were talking about and knew how to make a good drink.
How can you not love it? The Blood & Sand is only on the cocktail menu occasionally, but they will still make it for you!! soo delicious, I pretty much jump for joy when one of my friends suggests NOPA. Amazing cuisine, and the wait staff is always so friendly and knowlegable. I absolutely love when they come around with samples! Sunday night they brought around watermelon radish slices with a sort of lemon flavored aioli.. little quirks like this on top of an already amazing experience is what I live for :] it's truly taste bud heaven. I'll trust these people with any combination of flavors. If they recommend it, I'm down to eat it.
I, like the hundreds of other people who reviewed ate the Pork Chops. They were exactly what everyone said they would be, tender and DELICIOUS! :) There isnt much else to say but yum!
I'm definitely a fan. The ambiance is great, service fantastic, and delicious food. I wouldn't order the scrambled eggs again, but I think that was my mistake. I would go for the juicy burger or one of the other brunch items. A must try!
If you forget to eat and all the other restaurants have closed it is still possible in SF to eat great food in style.Was looking for a late night (11pm) place to get some food and came upon NOPA via Yelp. The pork chop and Gin cocktail were awesome. The food, wait staff, and atmosphere (for being that late) is pretty unbeatable.
I was very excited about my 2nd dinner at Nopa after the fabulous dinner we had last year. However, I was completely underwhelmed this time around. - Had an 8:30 reservation for 6 ppl. Was seated promptly. However, had a back table upstairs which might have explained that poor service. - Server was a bit rushed all evening. Every time we asked for something, there was typically a 10 minute lag by the time we got it. - we ordered a main course and sides (no first course) but it took a good 40 minutes for the food to arrive. - we had to ask for bread and pretty much ate it all in the first 15 minutes of the wait for food. No one came to check on us for the rest of time or offer seconds on the bread. - food was good but the pasta was a bit cold. Probably was waiting for the other dishes to be cooked. - we mentioned the poor service to the server who just responded with a snarky remark. - we were charged an automatic 18% gratuity - would have preferred to leave a minimum 15% given the poor experience but understand the restaurant's policy- spoke to the manager on the way out. He pretty much said he couldn't help the wait for food - I still think they could just offer more bread as ppl are waiting. He also offered to notate my account to ensure my next experience would be better. That is such poor customer service - You don't allow a customer to leave unhappy with promises of a better experience next time. Since I would feel better after spending $250 on a meal and then being promised a NOTATION by my name for my next experience!!!!. Seriously, NOPA, I expected a lot more.
I was in town for work and a co-worker brought me to NOPA. It was in his top three restaurants in the city so I had high expectations. I was not disappointed. As he parked the car, I went in and was promptly seated up in the loft space. This would have been fine to me but my coworker had a different opinion and spoke to someone to get us moved to a great spot in inside corner down below. I'm not a hillbilly, but I was impressed.The flatbread was, as reviewed, excellent. Just that - I don't even remember what was on it. The asparagus salad was fabulous (I even tried and failed to recreate this at home the following week). My co-worker ordered the swordfish stew for the second time in a week, praising it beyond just taste as something he wouldn't make for himself at home. I respect that, but I got the burger and fries. The burger did not impress me, but it was solid. The fries were fabulous though. I read the reviews here before I went which mostly state just the opposite of my opinion, so...score one for the other side? :-) Maybe my expectations were just higher for the burger after reading reviews on here. (Woh, trippy... the psychology of Yelping before eating... ... )The fries were pale yellow in color with a not-too-thick crisp exterior and soft inside. It was this golden ratio o' fry that is not often discussed but I think NOPA has discovered it! The garlic aioli that came with it was heavenly. Sad I don't live in the same city. I kinda hate discovering great foods in other cities since I don't know when/if I'll be back. Maybe I should only eat crap when out of town.... hmmm.....
Let's see, went to this place a while back with some friends. What can I say about this place. Spirits and white whiskey are good. Very pricey for food I can get anywhere. Flat bread Bacon Pizza is ok, but nothing special. Once you put bacon on anything its good. Reminded me of a CPK joint. Guess I should try the flat bread alone to get a good idea of how well its baked. My friend had one of the pastas. Pretty whack. I guess I'm bias because I'm broke and this place is mad bank for food you can get for way less ie my kitchen. Place is definitely cracking, probably would only go back for drinks and appetizers. Never a full course meal.
fuxake- as if this place needs another five-star review.. but i do understand sharing experiences:i was so not prepared to be impressed at 11:00pm on a Tuesday after work. i've heard people talk about this place, but damn. sure you walk into a nice big open space with a cool mural on the second level reflective of Western Addition, and they even have an open kitchen, ok. and cool, the staff isn't pretentious and just engaging enough. but damn if their cocktails weren't tasty and gorgeous, same goes for their Amazing food ..that they serve til midnight! NOT your run-of-the-mill bar food, no sir. i had the Albacore app and it felt like i was having dessert it was just so good. the Pimiento de Padron (peppers) app was a nice pair and alternative to the fries. so yum. and so fairly priced. i left such a happy girl, i cannot wait to go back for dinner with at least three more people so we can freakin feeeaast!read no more - just go! go go go!
First upscale place that didn't make me feel weird and judged. Very friendly quick service. They rush you a bit but not overly, and if you wanna stay longer they are cool with it. They make amazing food here, and its very upscale food and not overpriced. It has great hours too. Eat here at least once if you go out and live within 50 miles. Great late night road trip. Hard to get reservations though but they will make you something to go and that late it works. The burger is worth the 20 bucks.
NoPa, SoMa, Potrission, TenderNob, Deco Ghetto...I don't know when/where the hell some of these real-estate names sprung, but they certainly weren't around when I was a kid in SF. Must we compartmentalize every nitty gritty bit of this city?Compartmentalization isn't always good....especially when it comes to fine dining in SF. Nopa proves that a stellar, high-class restaurant does not mean white table cloths, matre d's or miniscule portions. The high ceilings and beautiful decor is cosmopolitan, yet the casual table settings and funky but VERY professional waitstaff won't repel the low-maintenance customer. Our waitress had a gnarly skeleton key tattoo on her chest. Far out. Her exceptional service rocked the house.My highlights were the Pisco Sour cocktail, the warm goat chese and beet crostini and the grass-fed burger (medium rare!). Totally out of this world; one of the top three burgers in the city. My dining companions were blown away by the pork chop with green lentils, rotisserie chicken, and the fettuccine. I was underwhelmed by the roasted cauliflower, fries and the low-talker wine specialist.Overall, there is a very good reason why this place is packed every night and should fall on the to-do list of every San Franciscan who enjoys eating out. I, for one, enjoyed finally visiting the flagship restaurant of my portmanteau neighborhood.
First feeling I had walking into the restaurant was noisy and a bit claustrophobic. It feels like they're trying to fit in as many tables as possible... We reserved for a table for 3 and were seated in this awkward corner. The waitress/waiter would slightly brush by our shoulders when serving neighboring tables.The food was undoubtedly delicious...the flatbread appetizer is a must. The rotisserie herbed chicken was excellent as well.
Who knew: NOPA has brunch. Out randomly looking for a brunch spot we note that NOPA is open. We go in, lots of tables even though it's prime brunch time, 1:30ish. I've lived in the NOPA 'hood for 6 months and have not made a huge attempt to go to NOPA due to excessive trendiness and crowds. Really those are just excuses I want to be trendy and in with the crowd. But i digress. Lots of interesting things on the intimate little menu. The owner was friendly, waitstaff nice and atmosphere was fabulous: all that light in those high high ceilings! I ordered the Andouille sausage with poached eggs. YUM! Sad to eat the last bite. The sausage was meaty, fresh and spicy, a wonderful take on the southern classic. the sauces and veggies were fine and there were little squares of corn bread in there to sop it all up with. Sweet! My partner (he's sort of a boring food person, sorry) had the burger. He said it was good but I sensed he was longing for Fog City Diner's version. He accidentally put sugar substitute on his fries so who knows how they were. They looked good. LOL! All in all: Very good. Now, tell me this makes me trendy and one of the crowd!
I recently moved to this neighborhood and had been trying to get a reservation here for dinner through OpenTable for a while with zero luck. Then on a Sunday afternoon, my gf and I decide to do the drop-in waitlist version and it worked! The staff was friendly and zen from the host to the bartenders to the servers. The space was bustling but not uncomfortably loud. The fancy cocktails were super smooth and great. The appetizers (one salad, one baked beans), side (french fries), and the mains (rotisserie chicken) were excellent. The chocolate tart sealed the deal with my mouth at dessert. Another amazing aspect aside from the quality of the food was the price - it isn't as expensive as you'd think. Two apps, two mains, one side, one dessert, and four drinks plus tax/tip came to $140. All around delicious!
Great food for the price. The restaurant is remarkable. This was the first time we went to Nopa. My husband and I spend Father's Day eating here and absolutely loved the food. Our waitress was nice, but not very personable. I believe she only came around twice, not even checking our glasses or asking to see if we needed anything. The restaurant was PACKED! I 'm giving this four stars vice five because I didn't really like the hostess that much. When we got to the restaurant, she informed me that there would be an hour and forty minute to two hours wait, then she looked at me like it was suppose to deter me from staying, but we waiting anyway. After waiting for about forty minutes, she came over and told us there was a cancellation and escorted us to the table. After all is said and eaten, I would probably go back to Nopa one of these days but I hope their hostess isn't having another snobby day.
We came here to try the awesome pork chops and it turned out to be fantastically tasty and tender. Although I hate bacon the gruyere and bacon flatbread was SOOO good. If you don't think spending $25 for pork chops is worth it, the $13 burger is a good alternative. The burger has a lot of meat and the bread is firm and won't break apart when you give it a good squeeze. I was a bit disappointed with the amount of time it took for the waiter to take our order but the food easily made up for it. Also who doesn't like a kitchen that closes at 1am?
They make a good Manhattan. The place is always buzzing even on a rainy Sunday night like last night.I got the burger, which was suitably juicy. It was nicely accompanied by pickled onions. My favorite though was the desert we got-- almond cake with plum sorbet and candied pluots. YUM. I was also enticed by the people next to us who got sopapillas. I kept threatening to snatch any remaining sopapillas off their table if they got up and left without finishing all of them. But everybody at my table disuaded me from doing so. I dunno why...it's a crime to waste good sopapillas? Is there some health law or something that prevents you from grabbing leftovers from a table that just cleared out? Would you get in trouble with the waitstaff?
obviously NOPA has great reviews, so i had to try it out for my birthday, hoping it would live up to the reputation. NOPA? more like YESPA!the atmosphere was a lot more casual than i had anticipated, but still quaint and nice. i also wasn't aware that the place had a full bar with mixologists and specialty cocktails. while waiting to be seated, we had a sample from their extensive wine and cocktail list, at the bar that abuts the open kitchen.being on divisadero, NOPA certainly lived up to the, i guess....hipster atmposphere. the wait staff was very hipstery, and our waitress was no exception. i felt overdressed. she was nice enough, but not very friendly. i guess that's just how they are. not the worst thing in the world; but considering the popularity of this place, i guess i expected more outgoingness.menu: we started out with the squab and fig, along with the fried fish appetizers. the squab (per recommendation from the waitress) was outstanding - very flavorful. the fried fish was good, too; however, it ended up being just...deep fried smelt/sardines. not too original - something like say, deep fried clams or deep fried squid. not overly unique or fancy: just fried food. i ain't complaining! but we really wished we got the flatbread. they were cooking one of those every 5 min. it looked hella good.for the main course, i had rabbit, while my boo had the pork chop. both were served in a timely fashion, and since we were sitting overlooking the kitchen, we could tell they were prepared very nicely and fresh. the rabbit was tasty, however, a weeeee bit on the dry side. but overall very good. the pork chop was less exciting, and since it was more ordinary than worth writing about, i will stop writing about it. both dishes were well executed, however, and above average. i guess we both expected a liiiittle bit more, thoughsurprisingly, they were very aware of my birthday, without prompting or even notification. it was like the entire staff knew whose birthday it was without any notice. it was pretty darn cool. they served some sorbet at the end, which was a refreshing way to end the meal.all in all, NOPA was more like a YUP-PA. again, being above the kitchen we could tell what looked even better than he dishes we had ordered, so the popular choices were the flatbread and the burgers, which we will definitely get next time. it was worth going again. there's no mistaking the know-how of NOPA...that's for sure.
The good reviews are true. Everything on the menu is excellent, and the wine pairings are exquisite also. Great service, pleasant decor with friendly, casual vibe and delicious desserts. Now I'm hungry :)
Wow, I used to love this place. But after a couple of months' unavoidable break, a friend & I went there last night. The hostess, service, and drinks were all great (and the food tasted great), but we BOTH ended up with upset tummies right after?!?!?! WTF? Not what I"d expect from an establishment of this caliber!Sadly, I guess that's one less restaurant to be frequenting in my neighborhood.
Love it! This falls easily into my top 10 fave restaurants in SF. Seriously delicious food, and the the price is right.Signature Pork chop was moist and the sauce was delicious, Duck well cooked pairing perfecly with the berries. Cocktails were AWESOME, get the Old Cuban you won't regret it.Their menu changes, but they really show they know what they're doing with preparing the meats and pairing them with sauces. Got skills back there. I also like the bustley casual-but-still-classy atmosphere and the fun waiters. Very SF attitude, reminds me of why I'm proud to be from here!! Great food, fantastic cocktails, friendly atmosphere, it's no wonder this place is so popular
Absolutely as good as I was told it would be... Called for a reservation two weeks before I wanted to go in for dinner and couldn't get one... but, was told by the receptionist to just try coming in. Did that and only had to wait about 15 minutes for a table. Mind you, I got to enjoy a fantastic Anderson Valley beer while I waited! Can't complain. Anyway, my sister and I were seated on the second floor, perfect view of the kitchen. Our server was awesome - my sister had ordered a drink that was recommended by a gentleman at the bar but didn't love it and so our server recommended a martini he enjoys "The Aviator" or "The Aviation" and it was a huge success.For eats, you can't pass on the the brussel sprouts or the cauliflower. Perfect amount of fresh citrus and savory for both of them and cooked to perfection. I had the burger as my main dish, but something "happened" in the kitchen --it smelled like a small fire-- so my burger took a little longer. Because of this, our server brought us out complimentary salads in beautiful Heath bowls. My burger was much more pink than what I consider "medium" and the server politely took it back heated it up with absolutely no question. To top it off we were also treated to a complimentary desert. Chocolate sorbet from San Fran's very own TCHO. Rich and creamy and so delicious.Summary = amazing drinks, atmosphere, service, food and ingredients :) also, not too pricey for what you are getting.Get your reservations now or just wait for a cozy spot at the bar.ENJOY
Good for a late night quality meal.
I went to NOPA on a Friday night, it was very busy as it is a popular place. It turned out that my wife had booked us in (via I-Phone Open Table app) for the following Friday - NOPA staff couldn't have been nicer and despite how busy the place was they assured us that they would get us seated - they got us a nice booth within 20 minutes - great service for a busy restaurant.The food was also very very good - we shared the little gem lettuce, the giant white beans and the calamari to start which were all good. I had the burger for main course, my friend had the pork chop and my wife had the fish stew - again all good courses - I would definitely recommend trying NOPA. Very friendly and efficient staff and good food...
Oh. my. god. Burnt Honey Pot de Crme with Rhubarb Compote and Honey Almond Nougat. To. die. for. That coupled with the blue bottle coffee... heaven. And, they have the best burger. The fresh french fries are pretty good too. Although all their food is wonderful, whenever I order anything else, I wish I got the burger. :) The warm goat cheese is delish and when it is in season, so is the fried brussel sprout appetizer. The ricotta and buckwheat crpes with roasted strawberries and lavender honey was damn good too- but next to the pot de creme... it is a distant runner up.Brunch Update: They do a great breakfast too! We had the Soft Scrambled Eggs with Spring Herbs, Gruyre, Potatoes and Roasted Onions & Custard French Toast with Lavender Honey Glazed Strawberries and Lemon Butter and a side of House Smoked Bacon. It was all delicious. The french toast was extremely sweet- more like a dessert. There was so much food I brought home leftovers & they were even awesome reheated....now that says something.
A few of my friends came to visit San Francisco, and for dinner I decided to take them to NOPA because of all the good things I have heard. To make the NOPA dining experience a good one, I HIGHLY recommend the following....1. Make reservations (I know some people think this is a pretty "well duh" thing to say, but seriously -- I know some people who don't bother and figure they'll just show up and get seated. Not so.)2. Get the shredded asparagus salad. Hands down, it stole the meal for all of us. We bought one and shared it and all of us LOVED the poached egg paired perfectly with the sliced asparagus.3. Goat cheese crostinis are DELICIOUS. Get that too. Especially if you love cheese, and don't mind goats.4. The chicken is decent and tender...but c'mon, it's just chicken. I suggest the London Broil with a BUT ... be prepared for it to be a lot chewier than your normal steak fare. According to the other YELP-ers, when I go back again I'm definitely getting the pork chops.5. At the very least, check out the cocktail list. They seem to have some of the most interesting concoctions I've seen in awhile.Overall, the place impressed my out of town guests the most...and I took them all over the place! I can't wait to see how my second trip to NOPA goes.
NoPa is great at projecting that rustic, yet still vibrant, feel that we often look for in neighborhood places we expect to deliver on great, local food. The front-of-house staff was quite friendly, and I didn't have to wait at all for my reserved table once my friend showed. The brunch was impeccable, and I loved both my chorizo dish (which came out still sizzing - the sign of a solid dish) and my friend's French toast. Note that the French toast is quite filling, and if you get it, get it as a half- or side order so you can get something else. I also loved the coffee. The place remains loud (despite the high-ish ceilings, it became difficult to hear the conversation at our table occasionally), but quiets down by about 2 or so on a Sat.
I can see why this place is so popular. It's delicious with great service, and it was fun to sit on the second floor and be able to see the kitchen! Definitely check out the cocktail menu as it changes.
initially people think nopa stands for North Of Pan hAndle. but it's just NOrth PAnhandle. the restaurant nopa lies in the divisadero corridor.regardless, i cruised to nopa around 7ish on a thurs. 1 hr wait, sure thing, let's sit(or stand) by the bar and get a drink or two. the wash house drink was very basil tasting, but refreshing. the pisco sour couldn't be tasted after a swig of the wash house, the pisco didn't have as strong of a flavor.next up, the flatbread and a blue bottle martini. wow on both. nothing like bread cheese veggies and bacon to start a meal. the blue bottle martini was excellent.they should rename nopa to "come here pork chops - COHPO?"got the pork chop and the chicken. both were very good. the pork chop was sweet and a bit salty. lots of fat and flavor. chicken was delicious too, rotisserie'd to perfection.if anyone wants to go i'd cruise again, i kinda want to try that hyped up burger.
While I'd prefer to write a review based on a more thorough sampling of the menu and ambiance during normal dinner hours I give this place major props for being open, specifically, having their kitchen open until 1am and for accommodating our group of 11 without giving us dirty looks and being annoyed. The wait staff is friendly, knowledgeable and extremely professional - despite being very "Berkeley" as one of my dining companions (who happens to be an SF nightlife correspondent) pointed out. I asked him what that meant - I think he was confusing "hipsters" with "hippies". Ha! So what do 11 people order after they've been drinking for a few hours? A burger of course! They do a fantastic burger here - everything from the meat to the bun to those pickled onions...and oh yeah those fries are tremendous. Although eating a burger at 12:30 is not the healthiest thing this was just so delicious and quality that one couldn't help but feel right about it. Or at least I did. We complimented the kitchen on their being able to prepare 9 burgers for one table successfully - having to remember the doneness request, cheese, bacon etc. - they claimed that was the easy part - getting enough fries prepared and in the fryer was the tough part. In either case, very well done.The space itself is interesting...driving down Divisadero in search of it, it's almost obvious and sticks out like a sore thumb since nothing around it looks like a decent restaurant...I'm looking for the address and then it hits me - that's gotta be it. The place is brightly white, comfortable - with several different seating configurations - the trendy high table at the front of the restaurant, small tables for 2, booths, etc. and an open kitchen (if I'm remembering correctly). If not for the homeless man standing outside the front door constantly flipping off the hostess who had to be chased away it was a great experience. I will look forward to trying the Moroccan Vegetable Tagine, the Orecchiette and that flatbread that sounds awesome - bacon and spring onions, uh, tell me who wouldn't eat that so I can eat theirs.Overall very nice impression and very much looking forward to a return visit - hoping to be further wowed and bump this up to 5.
I just got back from a wonderful dinner with friends at Nopa.When we got there, the front people told us that the wait at table is 1.5 to 2hours. but the seat at the bar / big table at the door are first come first serve. So after 15 minutes of waiting, we got the seats at the big table.During the wait, the waitress greets me nicely & politely, which makes me feels great even im still hungry.So after we sat down, i asked for some sweet & light cocktail, the tall french waiter suggests me one that is not on the menu, and it tastes sooo good!!! I usually don't drink at all, but i love that cocktail.As for the starters, we ordered the baked calamari (5 stars!) and olive oil albacore (5stars!), they both tastes great. I personally love the calamari better.For main dish, we asked for pork chop, chicken, and halibut. i would say the pork chop & chicken tastes good (not as good as the starters 4 stars), the halibut is a bit disappointing =pthen we asked for triple ice cream w/ espresso marroon for desert. the marroon looks so lovely so we girls tooks photos with it ^o^. and it tastes great too. the ice cream/ sorbet are tasting okay comparing to other great staffs we ate.So over all, the costumer service 5 stars! ( thanks the tall french guy, he is very nice and helpful!) The food is 5 stars! and the interior and mood are good too. We had a great time there, thanks!
The food is well prepared and the wine list is exceptional. The bar was a bit inconsistent (Manhattans) but the sherry list was great. Over all it's pricey but definitely worth a visit.The peculiar thing was the seating. My suggestion would be to score a seat at the large communal table in the front. We sat up in the balcony on the rail and while we had a great view of the action (kitchen and floor) the smell of fried fish was over powering (I took a shower when I got home). The place was packed (Sunday night) and people waiting for tables were hovering over the occupants of the booths. Cozy.Get ready for an interesting experience.
Nopa = big fish in a small pondI've waited for quite sometime to write this review as I've been to Nopa on several occasions over the years but for some reason I always hesitated to put it all together and form my general sentiments. However, my general feeling has now coalesced into a firm belief...essentially, and I know this is slightly blasphemous, I feel Nopa is very overrated. There is a caveat to this though (as any of my friends know...Chris is the caveat king (and lover of alliteration!)).Here it is..the rub.I've had almost everything on the menu minus a couple apps and maybe a seasonal entree addition on occasion. The meals are always prepared decently as well as presented well. The bill of fare really hits home the idea of rustic offerings taken to a refined level but not done in a pretentious way. The desserts are good but not crazy good. The service is pretty decent too. Heck...even though the bar area is mad crowded I love having a couple drinks here and getting some noshes. So, like, looking at this, one would say four stars right shoot maybe even five if you're not too picky. Weeeell, for the reputation Nopa garners and the way people rave about it like it is the second coming the expectations are set very very high...and, at least for me, it has never had lived up to those expectations. There was always a noted slight disappointment after each and every dish and visit. I have never felt, "my god...that was amazing. Has anyone seen my socks?" So why all the raving....? I have a theory.The Divisadero* corridor from basically California to Haight has a smattering of decent places to eat but nothing that really dips into the fine culinary ink well too deeply. Sure there is good grub here nice ambiance there but nothing ultra destination worthy...queue in Nopa. With an honest effort at both but in an area where it would have competition vis-a-vis similar standard restaurants I just don't believe it would shine as brightly as many people do think it does now.Essentially, to me, Nopa is like going home with hottest girl left at the bar at 2:00 a.m. Sure sometimes she is actually pretty decent but the truth of the matter is she actually is just the best of the bunch at that time and that bunch ain't much more often than not.Last word: go...but take it for what it is...your best choice of so-so options.* Note...I didn't say Divis...you know who you are.
Located in a not so great district, right across a Popeye's...I thought I had the wrong place at first and almost walked right past it. However, once you step in, you realize its a place packed with people that came from near and far to have a taste of NOPA -- all by word of mouth too.Service was good, lady did not get mad at my table even though we waited 40 mins for our late friend before ordering. Attentive but chill -- just the kind of service I like.Cocktails were are interesting. I ordered a Death Before Dusk since I never had absynthe...no one told me it tastes like black licorice *patoo patoo*.  Everyone else enjoyed their drinks though. Wine may be a different story, while they have a quality bottles, the selection is HUGE selection on a very confusing wine menu that took 5 min to decipher.As yelpers promised, food was tasty. I ordered the porkchop. True to what others said, it was the most tender pork chop I've ever had....BUT also the saltiest! The marinade must be what makes it tender.Something I have to complain about is the level of noise at that place. Not sure if its the super high ceilings, but it's definitely hard to carry a coversation across the table. All in all, still managed to have an excellent dinner experience. Will definitely be back again :).
The best food ever...loved every bit of it and worth the wait...you can make a reservation too and this is good for families, couples and friends. The menu changes daily as the chef shops locally. Great asparagus, cauliflower and the pork chops were the best I have ever had. The service is top notch and the drinks tasty. A must....we will be back.
Mmmm, delicious. I don't know what the heck they do to that pork chop, but it is definitely the best pork chop in the world. It tastes like an expensive steak, except a steak that's healthy and not made from a methane-spewing beasts (yes that's right, eating pig is better for the environment, plus bacon tastes good, pork chops taste good.)The cocktails are also excellent, I like the idea of different kinds of bitters for your Manhattan, although I'm off Manhattans at the moment thanks to a bad New Year's Eve Eve (yes, Dec. 30) experience.Also the wine list is awesome, the gf got a glass of Pinot D'Aunay, a grape we'd never heard of, that was really good and I found a good Riesling and a Cotes-du-Rhone Villages.And service - at a level I'd expect from a much more expensive restaurant. Can't recommend NOPA highly enough.
Nopa's is an example of post techie evolution in what was once the rough Western Addition District in SF. 15 years ago, it would have been an afrogene hair style shop. Now, it's a culinary establishment set up informally like a cafe or a bar with modern, minimalist dimness. It's an enjoyable place. The high ceilings make conversation difficult to anyone who is easily distracted with the rushing sound acoustics.But it's a fun place. You just sit there and they take care of you with a subtle efficiency that is un-noticable yet sincere.The prices aren't exploiting. The quality of food and wine reasonably above average. I had a wonderful vegetarian tagene dish that was light, tasty, and with no fault. The yogurt topping not excessive and a worthwhile topping but nothing overly innovative. Slightly luke warm but not obvious.Definitely a hangout place yet with quality yet unpretentious. Well. Maybe it is pretentious. But. You'll find yourself being too pretentious to care or notice. I'll probably come here again. The place is opened wonderfully late. None of the 10pm curfew nonsense. You can enjoy a dinner at late, unregulated hours.The service is friendly, unobtrusive, and reliable.
So NOPA wasn't in my San Francisco budget in September 2009, but I had a culinary obligation to tell you that their Dessert menu currently includes:BACON BRITTLE ICE CREAMDid you read that?? Seriously. If you haven't been & you can, go. But only with scout's honour that you'll post a review and tell me how truly magnificent it was.
Oh NOPA, you come so highly recommended...It's a good thing you're pretty delicious. A 9pm reservation, preceded by cocktails in the open (loud and playful) bar area left my Mom and I starving! If you have time try the Old Cuban (minty refreshing cocktail) but skip the rum sidecar (too much rum). We were ready for appetizers, mains, bread and whatever else anyone would throw our way. Lucky for us they brought us giant pieces of fluffy wheat bread and butter (no butter for me). Not to mention a little taste of parsnips hummus on crostini, soooo good! The menu is white and crisp just like NOPA's offerings of dishes like baked flat bread with spicy sausage, fennel and feta and grilled artichokes with a ricotta salad. And those were just the starters. Mains included a vegetarian couscous, various meat options and halibut with asparagus and tangerines. Top off dinner with a glass port (only one option...boo) and creme brulee with kumquats and you will be yum yum and done.Service was a bit spotty and living in San Fran it's tough competition out there. Good food, but keep it coming (and interesting)!
Atmosphere: Busy, but in a good way. Open late. Service: Attentive despite the restaurant's busy-ness. Food: Excellent. Burger. Fries. Tomato salad. Pork chops. Price: Moderate, not too pricey for the kind of place and the food they serve. Would I go back? I already have.
Quick reviewVery crowded - trueA tad bit overpriced - trueGreat looking space - trueGreat people - trueGreat food - trueGreat cocktails - trueNot 5 stars - falseI have been to NOPA 15-20 times, and whether it was for dinner, cocktail and a snack, or late night drinks NOPA is always a great time. I do wish everything on the starter side of the menu was $2 less, but between the great people that work hear, the food, and the booze it is definitely on the come back again list. Eric, Steve, and Emmanuel are definitely my favorite servers. I reccommend the flatbread, goat cheese, little fish, pork chop, burger, homemade pasta. In regards to the alcohol, the mixologist's goal was to make scotch easy to drink for everyone. If you are one of those people who can't handle scotch neat, this a great place to start. For those that have negative reviews about this place need to relax and enjoy the experience.
Been here twice, great food especially the porkchop and the roasted. Ambience is great, very modern but tasteful. A bit loud but its a given when you want that atmosphere. If you want a more intimate conversation, I would request the second when making a reservation. I highly recommend making a reservation. Price is in between, not cheap eats, but not breaking the bank like French laundry. Service is on top of it, without being obtrusive or overselling. Give it a try when in the area, won't disappoint.
Whenever I travel to the bay area to visit my parents, it's all about the food, and Nopa was no exception. We had reservations for first seating, and it was all part of the master strategy -- metered street parking opens up again at that time, and you can actually find spaces near the restaurant if you get there just before then. We hung out in the bar for about 10 minutes before they started seating for dinner at 6pm on the dot, and the place filled up quickly after that.We had the flatbread of the night, with caramelized onions, kalamata olives, anchovies and parmesan. It was quite good, though a bit salty. The bacon and persimmon salad was a bit... different, but also good. Out of the appetizers, the winners were the poached albacore tuna and the white beans with tomato, feta, oregano and breadcrumbs.Though I'm not normally a fan of pork, I ordered the pork chop that was recommended to me, and it was almost like a steak, it was so good! Also just a tiny bit on the salty side, though. Perhaps because of all the saltiness, my favorite side dish of the night was the sweet potato mash, which was light and sweet (and almost more blendered than mashed, which I happened to like). The roasted red pepper-feta dip for the french fries was also very tasty. For dessert we ordered a pecan tart, which was pretty good but nothing spectacular, and a warm chocolate cake, which was just TOO rich -- and that's something, coming from me. Finally, the service was impeccable - definitely among the best of all restaurants I've ever been to, and we didn't even have to "know someone," as is sometimes the case with these things! When we started talking about bread, someone appeared to offer us some; when we started sharing the appetizers around, extra plates were brought out. Overall, it was an enjoyable dining experience, and though there are always many new restaurants to try every time I make it out to SF, Nopa warrants a repeat visit.
While Nopa takes reservations and is generally booked solid, they do serve their full menu at the bar and have a large communal table that is available on a first come basis. Because we had a party of five we arrived there 10 minutes before Nopa even opened so as soon as the clock struck five we were able to secure a place at the communal table (I think there's about 12 seats at the communal table). Had we got there just 10 minutes later we would have been out of luck as the place filled up rapidly fast and soon there were groups waiting by to snag any open seats. As they don't serve the dinner menu till 6:00 we started with some bar snacks and drinks. The cocktails are great, leaning more on interesting liquor combinations than seasonal ingredients (loved the blood and sand). The bar snacks were inventive and just $4 each (fried chickpeas, potatoes with tomato and crme fraiche, etc.). Between the five of us we sampled a good portion of the menu and there were literally no duds. Some highlights were the celery root and Chanterelle soup, all the salads were great, and the baked egg had an amazingly smoky flavor for a vegetable dish. As far as entrees, the rotisserie chicken with brussel sprouts and onion cream (mm, onion cream) was finger licking good and the grilled pork chop was one of the best I've had.The desserts were also delicious and the friendly service and atmosphere rounded out the meal for five stars.Can't wait to go back!
I have wanted to come here since it opened. It's nice to have a nice restaurant right in my 'hood. Last night, I got the chance for my birthday.We started with drinks at the bar. The drinks were good, but service was slow. We waited 10 minutes to get the bartender's attention and another 10 for our drinks. But as I said, the drinks were good -- we had the blood & sand and the pisco sour.We were seated upstairs, which is nice because there's a better view and it's less noisy. However, it got pretty hot up there, and it probably didn't help that we were right above the kitchen. At one point I had to step outside for some air because it was really warm in there. We started with the bacon flatbread, which was really great. A little greasy for my taste but I guess that's what happens when you have bacon and melted cheese. I had the pork chop and my wife had the tagliatelle. Both were excellent, but I think the pork chop was the best. It was not transcendent, but it was solid and very yummy. The service was decent, the food was good. This place is solid and I'd happily come back.
Went for a late drunken dinner with a friend and had the greatest time! Our waitress was AWESOME, encouraging our silly, sloppy, selves to try some wonderful appetizers and a rich Portuguese wine before indulging in the brisket. How we had the appetite for all that I'm not sure, but then again, I'm not sure of much about that night as I can't even remember the taxi ride home. That probably had something to do with the champagne we got with our three delicious desserts ;) Service was great! This is really a top-notch establishment that wows every time and deserves another star in my book.RECOMMENDATIONS: The "Little Fried Fish" to startThe "Brisket" that's currently on the menu is good, but if you like meat I prefer their famous pork chopTo finish, the almond macaroon w/ chocolate ice cream is heavenly
Damn, this place was like a kinky adventure/orgasmic bliss for my taste buds.And hell, all I had was dessert here.I tend to be a bit old-school about my dessert. I generally don't like to see MEAT anywhere near my dessert, but damn they did a fine job of combining unusual flavors that match perfectly to give the food a je ne sais quoi quality that confuses your tongue and then leaves it screaming MORE, baby BRING IT ON.I am so coming back here when I go back to norcal. Oh yes. Next time, I'll do dinner as well.Interior is very modern while retaining a comfortable warmth. The place is bustling- I was here late on a Monday, and it was damn full. The service is very good- not too hovering while remaining clippy and attentive. I like!
Outstanding. Excellent value. Perfect balance of high end restaurant with relaxed service.Got there on a busy Thursday, prepared for a wait. Wasn't disappointed in that regard. We were told about 45 minutes to an hour. Kind of a stinger, but considering we just spent 20 minutes looking for parking, not much of a problem. Pulled up to the bar and got drinks for the crew...g&amp;t for the wife, Ron Zacapa neat for me, Syrah for Turbo. Even though they were slammed, there was no hint of pissy-bartender-syndrome going on. Poured my Zacapa with a heavy hand, almost like a little attaboy for not making him muddle a mojito or ruining such fine Guatemalan nectar with any fillers. Cheers to the barkeep! Still not disappointed with the wait, but you cant fault the restaurant for that, now can you? Sat at the communal table, ordered another round, and BS'd with the locals. Table came up presently and off we went.Suffice it to say, everything was excellent, and quite reasonably priced. Apps, entrees, and 1 drink each for three people was only $120. Way to go Nopa. We'll be back!
In the mist of gentrification on North Of Panhandle Area, NOPA, is a great addition. It was my first time there, and we didn't have any reservations, however, good thing they had two bar seats by the cooks. Although nothing was orgasmically amazing... everything was good. We started off with the zucchini and tomato dish... That was quite tasty. I had the roasted Chicken and it was good. It wasn't as flavorful as Delfina or Range, but it was good. I was debating between that or the pork. My friend had the burger, which again, was good, but not spectacular. I saw it featured in the SF Mag and expected more. I gave it 4 stars because I think I had too high of expectations. However, since we sat by the cooks, I saw some things I would definitely go back to try. It seems as if they were cracking out the flat breads, and the pork. Will try the next time around. Overall, I would come back. Good atmosphere, good food, friendly staff. Only con, hard to find parking!!!
This place was good, but last minute reservations the week before for a saturday night was rough. We didn't have dinner until really late and I totally got sick afterwards! YUCK! Go with the pork chop, but learn to share it's a massive pork chop dish! :D I recommend getting some Irish Coffee if you're going to do a late dinner hahahha! This was a fun experience because i got to hang out with some really cool peeps! ;-)
I've been here twice. The funny thing is, I forgot that I'd been here already, and after a friend of a friend who lives in NYC highly recommended it, my bf and I have wanted to try it out. Normally, when someone forgets they've eaten somewhere, it means the place wasn't great. Not so for here. I blame my age and failing memory. The first time I went to Nopa, I sat at in front of the oven. That totally influenced my order, because once I saw the pork chops come out of the oven, I *had* to order it, even though I'm not really a fan of pork (unless it's bacon). But Nopa's pork chop is hands-down THE BEST pork I've ever eaten. It tasted like steak!  It was thick and fatty and perfectly cooked -- there wasn't anything offensive about the taste or texture, which is usually the reason I don't like pork. If I'd closed my eyes, I probably wouldn't have been able to guess it was pork. Then again, I rarely eat pork chops.The second time I went to Nopa was just this past Sunday for my bf's bday. I thought it'd be sweet to try a place neither of us had been to before (silly me). I recommended that he get the pork chop, and I got the roasted chicken. The skin was super. The meat was pinkish and had an almost undercooked look to it. JUICY!I think what makes the food stand out is the quality of the ingredients. The sauces aren't too complex. But, for example, the mushrooms and the salad ingredients tasted fresh from the garden. The meat was cooked exceptionally well.Oh, and their wine list - especially what they offer by the glass for dinner - is quite good too, and compliments the entrees well.And nothing in the restaurant looked pretentious. Not the food, the decor or the wait-staff, and not even the patrons. It's not a wonder that this restaurant is popular and well-liked.
When did cocktails become so difficult? When did bartenders think being condescending and snobbish to customers would gain them patronage or a tip? My experience last night was exactly that...Ingredients in cocktail that you don't recognize or pronounce and then when requesting to understand you are insulted ... how does this encourage one to get excited about cocktails?? The only redeeming factor was the food was pretty good... except when requesting to explain an ingredient was met with similar condescention.... must their culture.
I'm loving the chance to rediscover all the great new spots that make up my hood (Nopa).I had a great dinner here tonight. Starting with lots of wine and the warm goat cheese starter. It was spot on. I chose the pork chop as an entree and loved it as well. I'm not a big capers fan, but the chef knew how to incorporate them perfectly. I tried the chicken, but I'm happy I went with the pork chop. ;)I had the lavender pot de creme for dessert accompanied by a brown sugar irish coffee. The lavender was a bit overpowering, but overall a nice ending to a great meal.
Apparently, I'm fan #1267.My sweet boy and I had dinner at NOPA last weekend. Poor thing, he was sick, but still toughed through an entire day of shopping, movie, and dinner with me. I had the Moroccan Vegetable Tagine and he ordered the country pork chop. Both dishes were good, but not mind-blowing, write-home-about-it GOOD. I'm thinking we may have ordered items that simply didn't quite suit us that evening.What makes NOPA stand out would be their promise: (from webbie) "NOPA maintains a commitment to offering local, organic, sustainable products. Through farmer's markets and sourcing with intention, we have developed relationships with a multitude of purveyors who share these principles."And it shows. The honey they use is organic gourmet honey, honestly the best I have ever tasted. The server said it was Marshall's Honey, if anyone wants to track them down at the SF Farmer's Market in the Ferry Building. And I'm quite picky- the right honey could make or break a nice cup of tea. Overall, the freshness of the ingredients makes this place special. I look forward to trying other items on their menu the next time we visit- namely the flatbread, grass-fed burger, and small fried fishies with lemon and romesco sauce. Yum!
Everything I've ever eaten here has been amazing. And that is awesome. But, I always spend like $80 here after its all said and done with. Also, I had like 6 different waiters.
One incredible word: DELICIOUS. I was in San Francisco for a week on vacation, and during my tour of eating, this place was easily one of the best. My party ordered a few appetizers to snack on: flatbread with spicy fennel sausage and the grilled calamari. Both of these dishes were flipping amazing, but be careful -- the taste of the flatbread & sausage might send you into a frenzy of delicious delirium.I heard that the porkchops (dinner) and sopaipilas (dessert) were to die for, but, honestly, after those hearty appetizers, I could only order the small side of squash. WHOA -- what a kick in the tastebuds that was! The squash dish FLOORED me. I thought I was eating something sinful because it did not taste like a bland vegetable. For drinks, I had the fino noir and ros, which were both perfect. It seemed like the bartenders knew their stuff and the bar was careful in drink preparation. The place got crowded pretty quickly, which is a testament to how banging the food and atmosphere is. Make a reservation if you want to be guaranteed a table (we happily sat at the bar).Two very enthusiastic thumbs up.
I love you NOPA! One of my favorite all-time restaurants. The food is beyond amazing, the service/staff never dissapoint, the drinks are always on point, and the whole vibe is so laid back yet trendy/urban. The pork chop is the absolute best, as well as the flatbread for an app. The rotisserie chcken is enough to feed 2 and is so delicious! The only downer is it always being so busy, but its well worth the wait. I recommend having reservations. If you can't get reservations, feel free to wait for a spot at the community table or bar. While waiting, the staff make you feel comfortable almost as if you're hanging out at a friends house. The bartenders can whip you up great drink as well. I always recommend this place to everyone!
We were QUITE disappointed after visiting Nopa. The reviews had us excited and while the restaurant was fine, and did have it's highlights, the lowlights were quite glaring.The restaurant itself was quite interesting looking. Loved the simple, industrial style throughout. It was very busy, yet servers were all attentive and pleasant. The food itself, however, was mediocre. For appetizers, the "little fried fish" were a bit overdone and didn't have a stellar taste. The drinks, I feel were overrated. Quite strong, which I usually enjoy but I didn't enjoy the combinations of flavors used in these. Also, listen carefully to the server's recommendations. My wife asked about a certain drink with mezcal tequila (whose name escapes me). My wife tends to like the fruitier drinks, and told our server the same. She said it would be good, but just to be aware that the mezcal has a "little bit of a smoky taste." It was not a little smoky, but rather overbearingly smoky. Granted, this could be expected from a mezcal - but the server assured her that it wasn't too strong, and she would be fine with this one. The pork chop was fairly tasty, but my wife was less than impressed. I thought it was slightly underdone but had good flavor and tenderness (which is difficult at times with pork chops). Overall, it was fine - but definitely overpriced for what it was. I wouldn't return.
Pork Chops!!!!....need I say more. I always come here for that...except during brunch :(...The reason I didn't give it a 5star is because it's always so hard to get a reservation and even if you do have one the waits is always forever.
Coma-inducing... coma-inducing...
After a bit of an absence, I went back to Nopa for dinner the other night. It was a bit of an impromptu visit & we hadnt made any reservations. (Anyway, I figured, on a Sunday night, it should be fairly quiet - easy to get a table.) Wrong! - it was full, and full of activity. The hostess told us it'd be one-and a half to two hour wait for a table. (It almost seemed as if she was discouraging us from even *considering* dinner.) We decided to wing it anyway, and went to the bar to get some cocktails. The bar seemed very crowded too, but it always seems fairly easy to carve out a corner of space. Cocktails were excellent, and the friendly bartender was helpful describing the choices -- the Pisco Sour in particular, is worth going back for.Very soon, the hostess came back & said we could be seated at a bar counter facing into the kitchen. We decided to go for it. (We were starving by this stage...) Good choice - one I recommend, if you come to Nopa -- we were immediately in the midst of the bustle of the kitchen, the chefs & the waiters, and we had a birds' eye view into the dishes being prepared. (It's still a relatively quiet spot & it's easy to have a conversation.)We were probably a bit tempted by the dishes passing by us, so we may have ordered a bit too much -- however, everything was flawless, starting with the Baked Goat Cheese & Crostini and "Little Fish" (sardines, I think) appetizers. The appetizers are big -- one is probably plenty for two people. For entrees, we ordered the hamburger & Gruyere (a staple for me here) and the delightful Fish Stew -- really amazing! No dessert this time -- but the main dishes were outstanding. In addition (and maybe even as importantly), the service was excellent and friendly. I got the feeling (maybe naively!) that the staff really did care that we were having a good time.In summary, most impressed -- and I'm glad this place is in my neighborhood!
Excellent, excellent restaurant! Great place for a date or a small group of friends! I went here with my homie on the day before Valentine's Day and we had the egg white margarita, which was absolutely delicious, braised short ribs that fell off the bone, the pork tenderloin which was juicy and came with brussel sprouts, and fries, even those were great! I'm a fry connoisseur and they were just the right size, the sea salt that they give you goes with them perfectly, and if you mix the garlic aoli with sriracha, it's pretty bomb.
We heard that NOPA served one of the best burgers in SF. After an initial failed attempt to grab a seat at the communal table, we landed a reservation. I ordered a burger while my gf got the pork chop. We started off w/ the fried little fish.1st came the complimentary amuse bouche which consisted of 2 pieces of toast w/ some sort of fruit compote and sea salt. each piece of toast came w/ a different type of compote. i forgot wut mine was, but it was forgettable. my gf thought hers was fantastic. i think it was blueberry.the fried little fish was better than i expected. my gf reminisced of a similar dish she had in coastal italy.  my burger was fantastic. the server told me that they ground the beef in house which assured me that i could safely order the burger medium-rare. the burger was beefy and tender. the beef flavor wasn't overwhelmed by its condiments and toppings which is the way i like it. i thought the fries were mediocre.my gf didn't think the pork chop lived up to its hype. it did come out beautifully tender and juicy. over-cooked pork is atrocious but that's nothing to fear at nopa. she thought that different parts of the pork chop had different flavors which added a fun element of discovery to the dish. i enjoyed the pork chop but didn't think it was as good as the coffee rub pork chop from Range.
A decent restaurant with good food, ambiance and service, but not very inspiring. It has a large bar scene and crowd, which probably dictates the meat and potato entrees, versus more creative and inspiring fare. While I liked the food we ordered, pork trotter, tomato & mozzarella salad, and salmon, there wasn't anything else on the menu that would draw us back.
Absolutely terrible service. It felt like maybe some of the waiters and Mr "Big Time" Manager in particular has been reading all the positive reviews here and maybe just maybe it's gone to their head??? One of the WORST service experiences we've ever had. Might have been the worst service ever and we've been eating in SF for 20 years. Totally unattentive. Disappeared for 20-25 minutes at a time. Waiter was rude. Manager managed to be ruder when he came by. And sllllooooooowww. 2.5 hours in and out.Yet the food IS good. Is it 5 stars though? NO. The appetizers were mixed, the flatbread was weak, the salads were mediocre at best, and the bread was stale. The pork chop IS truly outstanding but unfortunately that doesn't make up for the garbage service and the rest of the misses. Too bad NOPA... we wanted to love you.
The duck... oh my goodness the duck.Wow. Just... wow.
YUMMY!!! Reservations recommended.NOPA came highly recommended, and it lived up to its reputation. The food is well prepared, beautifully presented and tastes exactly as it should. Nopa's ingredients are fresh and unique, and the sauces enhance the natural flavors of the food without being overpowering. The restaurant is busy and urban, but inviting. Nopa would be a great place to take a date. I went with an old friend to catch up. We sat and talked for hours without feeling rushed or pressured to leave. Our waiter, Nick, was awesome! I will definitely go back. The menu is not huge, but there is something for everyone, and everything we tried was delicious (baked calamari, fish stew and pumpkin cake). Great wine selection as well.
I live around the corner and I think it is only ok. really.... the food is average. maybe if you are from the marina and excited to slum it in a hip hood then you will love their fancy martinis and what not. for me it is about the honest quality of the food and this place does nothing for my sophisticated palette.
Food was top-notch, to be sure. Very high quality at the right price. So much flavor but not overdone in anyway. We tried the baked goat cheese with pickled beets and crostini - perfect for sharing, as it has a heap of mini toasties and a large supply of the cheese. Also had the broccoli rabe and mushroom flatbread pizza - amazing as well. Very light, with fresh veggies and not too much cheese. Topped it off with the fava beans casserole with bread crumbs, spinach, and cheese in a tomato-ish sauce. Heavier, but not overly loaded with the cheese. Perfect toasted crunch with the breadcrumbs. Loved their extensive wine list. Love that they serve dinner until late (we got there post-symphony and it was still alive and kicking.)Loved the open air ambience. Modern and mature but still handsomely warm. It's the perfect representation of SF style. Service is spotty. When she was busy, we had to wait long periods of time for her attention.... but then you could tell when she wasn't, because she was overly persistent with not-so-great timing.
After a delicious meal here, I recommend you to get the trio of sorbets and ice cream. It was a perfect closure to the dinner!
I avoided this place like the plauge for quite some time when I moved to the neighborhood. I didn't want to get wrapped up in the hype... but once I heard they had fresh squeezes grey hounds, a menu that changes with the seasons, and an extensive wine list... I had to check it out. Definitely not a dissapointment. Its a great place to come to for a nice dinner. Everything here is delicious from the appetizers to the entrees. The wine list is filled with delicious tempranillos, roses, cabs, or pinots...etc. etc. etc. The other great thing about NOPA is that it is also a great place to stop in and have a drink at the bar. The bar also offers the full menu if you are not lucky enough to get a table. Definitely a must try....and a new favorite of mine.
Wahoo, a good kitchen open to 1am that doesn't serve papusas! SF is slowly evolving into an actual city with real restaurants.NOPA was in the corner of my consciousness as "one of those over hyped marina-ite places with 600 reviews". So, I was a bit reticent to head here but ended up eating not only my words but a good meal. We stumbled in here looking for a bite to eat late before heading to a club and ended up eating a full three course dinner. Service was good even though we were underdressed, friendly and informative at all the right times. We lucked out and got seating across from the kitchen so we could see the meals being prepared.Most of the menu items are conservative with one fru fru twist that makes them intriguing. The star of the night was a flatbread appetizer with kale, sausage, and ricotta. Just the right amount of salt, savory, and starch to warm us up. I tried the duck breast entree while my companion tried the black cod with lentils. Both of the meats were perfectly prepared while the vegetables had been fortified with (I'm guessing) chicken fat to make them delectable. Dessert was three fruit gelatos with sesame shortbread (yum, wouldn't have thought sesame and butter would go together). There seemed to be a continual stream of fries and burgers marching out of the kitchen, but the burgers are of the "giant meatball" variety that make me feel like a beaver attacking a basketball, so I was under no compulsion to try them. Tomato ketchup is freshly made from actual tomatoes rather than Heinz's corn syrup and red dye #5, which makes me want to actually try the fries at a later date, if only to eat ketchup as god intended (rather than Mammon/Monsanto).The drink menu has a great wine list and an inventive list of cocktails. Cocktails are $7-8 and are decently strong. The cocktails include such novelties as the "Last Word", an ancient cocktail featuring Chartreuse and marachino cherry liqueur, and a sazerac with real St George absinthe (again, delicious). The house limoncello with yuzu was a great crisp finisher to the meal. The bar seems keen on cordials and herbal liqueurs. As a bartender groupie, I will be coming back here to sample more of their mixology.
My friends took here for a late night dinner. Had the pork chop..... Can you say AWESOME?!!! It was the best! My friends had the chicken, sturgen, and the hamburger. Rank1 porkchop2 Chicken3 Hamburger4 sturgen
There are so many review of this place so i just plan to keep it short an sweet. yes its delicious. There is really no debating that so lets talk about other things. I had the lamb... which was orgasmic, and my man had the pork chop, yum.This place has an amazing space, Its airy, a bit industrial, lots of wood, super high ceilings ...I mean damn it had a great vibe. My BF and I didn't make reservations but got lucky after being told that it would be an hour wait. They apparently have a community table which is basically a raised picnic table. I absolutely LOVE this idea. But to be honest there wasn't much of a community vibe,there just a bunch of lame-os who, like ourselves, were too dumb to make a reservation.Now don't get me wrong this place was great, but if there is one thing that I've learned is to never give a place 5 stars without experiencing their consistency. So there u go. Finally, the drinks were amazing. Since i enjoyed two of those it gets 5 stars. It was quite possibly one of the best whiskey sours I had ever had. I didn't even have to specify the whiskey!
I met up with a couple of friends here last night, and the experience was lovely! The cocktails were delicious, and the food was even better. I. love. their. appetizers. Goat cheese on crostinis? Baked white beans? Flatbread? Give me more! What impressed me were the little punches of flavor that went above and beyond what you'd normally expect from such comforting fare. The calamari was by far my favorite. You won't find an over-fried, bland mess here; NOPA's wood roasted calamari was such a refreshing change! The entrees were also good. While all the proteins we had were all well-cooked (especially the rabbit legs!), I thought the garnishes were the real stars. There was just something about the way they made those greens that wow-ed me.With its friendly staff, trendy and oh-so-cute decor, and solid food, this is definitely a neighborhood hotspot that no one should deny themselves.
FINALLY! a well deserved 5-star restaurant. I was getting a little worried since I haven't been giving 5-stars out much lately and i'm usually generous with it, but Nopa clearly deserved it.Super packed even on a Monday night so we waited at the bar. We had drinks to warm us up and they were awesome:-OLD CUBAN-PISCO SOUR-"BLUE BELL" BITTERAppetizers: -FLATBREAD OF SPICY FENNEL SAUSAGE, REPINI, RED ONIONS & PICORINOyou dont know what goodness-hits-your-mouth feels like till you have this.  My tastebuds were having a party of its own. A great, great, just GREAT start to put food in my tummy.Entree:-ROTISSERIE HERBED CHICKEN ... i thought this was good until i had the ..-PORK CHOP!!!! I'm not a pork person and hardly order anything pork but since yelpers were raving about it, I thought i'd give it a try. Oh you guys were right! cooked to perfection. I must say, by far the best pork chop i've had.Desserts:again... you don't know what goodness hits your mouth tastes like until you try these...-SOPAIPILLAS W/ BURNT ORANGE CARAMEL-HONEY SKILLET BREAD, WHISKEY PRALINE ICE-CREAM & BACON BRITTLE.yes i said it... BACON BRITTLE. i wish they sale these in boxes to take home.service... everyone from hostess, bartender, server & big boss man gave us such a wonderful experience.i must go back for the burger & blue bottle martini.
There is a haiku on the wall, and the first line had four syllables. This kept freaking me out.Breakfast was okay. Boudin lacked flavor. Perfect eggs though and side of bacon was very tasty, although a bit undercooked. It's breakfast, so I think you should rethink the coffee (i.e., you order, and the amount you get is what you get.) Jury is out on this one. I think I will go back for dinner.
one of the many reasons why i love san francisco is that these people are serious "foodies." i got to NOPA at about ten after six on a monday, and the place was probably 70% full. (they open at 5pm for drinks and appetizers, while the full menu is available starting at 6pm.) flying solo for the night, i sat at their "community" table in the one spot available. places in san francisco of this caliber could easily get away with a very pretentious, cold quality to their service and still likely be very successful. not the case at NOPA. the server, eric, was very friendly and knowledgable, answering and tolerating all of my quirky/likely annoying "i'm-a-vegetarian-but-i-hate-mushrooms" type of questions. i had questions about north of the panhandle/haight area nightlife and eric stopped and gave me all kinds of suggestions. hostess = very friendly, too.the food was flawless. everything was delicious. the avocado salad was prepared with onion, orange, and some sort of spicy nut. all of the flavors complimented each other well. the moroccan dish was delicious, as was the coffee and orange cake desert. appetizer, glass of sauv blanc, entree, desert & coffee = $56 + tip.
NOPA is by far the best higher end restaurant in the Western Addition. Fantastically cooked meats (the pork chop is the bomb!), the drinks are delish (the basil one is amazing!) and the sides are all about comfort (love the mac n cheese!). The decor is super fresh, modern, and innovative. Very factory-esque with a twist of underground urban flavor. Nice work guys!And... they are open LATE!
best pork chop i've ever eaten, and i've eaten lots of pork chops people! we had reservations, so getting seated wasn't a problem. the hostess was friendly, the server was friendly, and even the runner bringing the food to our table was friendly. their menu isn't huge, which i like, because i tend to get overwhelmed when there is too much to pick from. everything i read off the drink menu sounded yummy.my boyfriend had the chicken, which he said was pretty good, but after one bite of my pork chop it was decided that i had the superior plate. we were so stuffed that we didn't order dessert. next up, coming back on the weekend for their brunch.
My friend (a regular at NOPA) and I sat at the chef's table. The chef's table has a great view of the hustle and bustle of the kitchen (if you're into that.) We had the:wood oven baked egg - Delicious. The egg was cooked perfectly flat bread with eggplant and sausage - this dish fell asleep flat for metomato salad - the tomatoes were so sweetWarm goat cheese - first time having goat cheese... This dish has definitely made me a fan of it. The goat cheese was warm, creamy and just 'melt in your mouth' goodBottom line: The service staff was very friendly and attentive. The food is delicious. The restaurant has a nice homey feel, but does get a little loud as it gets lower in the evening.  I do recommend making reservations or arriving before the meal time rush. I can't wait to go back =)
So it took me 4 years and a good friend picking up the tab to get me back to Nopa after my first dismal experience there and I am now a happy convert! The service was very attentive and lovely, the food was worthy of all the raves it gets, so I really only take it down 1 star because the winelist seemed a little limited (not that the wine we ended up with wasn't tasty, but it took a chat with the sommerlier to find it).The goat cheese terrine was...ummm...welll...UN_FREAKING_BELIEVABLE. Yum! As was the burger and the beet salad. I am lobbying for another dinner party there and soon.
The Pork Chop was just all-right................. What am I saying? It was amazing! I don't normally order Pork Chops, but the bartender gal, said " Eat the Pork" I tend to listen to bartenders, so I ate the Pork. It was sooooo juicy and it was accompanied by my favorite veggie of all time, Brussel Sprouts. Great combo on the palette.I would go back in a heartbeat. The white whisky hit the spot and gave a good buzz. Overall a great evening.
Great food, inconsistent service.The Fine Living Network had just filmed my secret supperclub the night before and they had us meet up with them yesterday night. I had heard lots about Nopa, but had never gotten the chance to eat there.The TV show's host and his friend recommended what to eat and also warned us that the waitress was super rude. After 20 minutes and without any servers coming to follow up if we wanted to order anything, I finally asked a bus boy to find our server. A female server came up to our table and I started to order the burger and asked my dinner mate if he was okay with it, the 2-second pause prompted the server to curtly ask,"Should I come back?" WHOA, LADY. She looked super annoyed as I replied, "No, we're ready." While I was still ordering, she turned away and started to hand off my order to somebody else and walked away. The TV host was right (and he was sitting next to me, you'd think she'd know to not be rude twice in a row). Anyhow, long story short when our burger came out (which we had requested to be split), the executive chef himself came out and personally cut it. I wonder if we hadn't been with the TV crew who had been there that day filming him/giving him more publicity, he probably wouldn't have come out. Who knows. Nonetheless, that made up for the poor service earlier that night. The burger was tasty, the greens were truly excellent and the flatbread was nice.
Oh NOPA.....Went here last night for my sister's birthday celebration. Had a 8pm ressie and an additional person added to our party, they accomodated us with ease. Perfect. For a Thursday, it was packed. Great ambiance, bar scene and love the communal table. We ordered 3 apps to share: Flatbread, mussels, goat cheese. They were all good, but the mussels and flatbread were definite winners. The service was a bit slow to put bread down on the table.... since we wanted to have the bread with the yummy broth from the mussels. After devouring our apps, we were awaiting our much anticipated entrees. Porkchop was the best porkchop ever. It really was the most moist porkchop i've ever had! The chicken my brother had was such a generous portion he could only eat half and it was super juicy. Steak and cod were also ordered and were good, but not big standouts. side of collard greens with bacon. Bacon could have been a bit crispier, but good nonetheless. By the time we finished our entrees, we continued peer pressure drinking and downed the maison surrene petit champagne aka cognac which was so strong and flavorful. Definitely very warm going down. We finished our meal with the blood orange upside down cake and the trio of sorbets. The cake was good, however the sorbets were not sorbets. Please don't order this. They basically served us flavored ice. We probaby should have said something, because the sorbets were not only bland, their consistency was terrible. It was like left over old sorbet forgotten about and put in a bowl. Hmmmm.... didn't end well with that one. Other than that, everything else was great. Would definitely come back for more mussels and porkchop!
Amazing! every time i come to NOPA i am reminded why i keep coming back. the service is wonderful, the food incredible! A lively beautiful atmosphere that's social and vibrant. A restaurant that has truly transformed the neighborhood. you can't go wrong with the pork chop. whatever season it is dressed for it is made to perfection. the gigante beans are super jam packed with flavor. the latest Amy dessert creation. the orange pot du creme with candied kumquat is quite large and super yummy. although i'll have to go back to try the bread pudding :)cocktails are on par with Bourbon and Branch and super fun.
I (pre-financial crisis) travel a lot to Asia so I am always arriving SFO on a 8pm flight, once I arrive home,shower and change, the only and best place to go for food is NOPA. During peak hours 6 - 10, Nopa is a nightmare, but if you go after 10:30pm, it's the best. You can waltz in, order a bottle of rose champagne and eat killer food, and they don't rush you out....it's like the blue ribbon of SF.Get the baked feta beans and the pizza. YUM
Met up with my girl and a couple of her friends here on a Saturday night around 11 PM and the place was poppin. We got drinks at the bar and by the time I got there we barely had to wait. They have a really good bar with a nice selection of liquors. I'm a bourbon drinker and they had more than a few to choose from.We ordered the flat bread which was amazing. Had Parmesan cheese and veggies on crispy flat bread. We also had the deep fried fish with aoli which was awesome as well. Then I got the pork chop which was fantastic. I didn't really care for the lima beans that it came with but good think I ordered the side of fries with aoli. Fries were nice and crisp not burnt but perfectly crisp. We also ordered desert which was awesome as well. The beg-net like desert with the honey was delicious. It's loud and full of energy so a perfect spot to go get a late night bite. Will definitely be going back to try more items on the menu.
Still one of my favorite places in the city. Staff is always friendly and extremely helpful. Food is always delicious and what can you say about the cocktail/drink menu...just outstanding. I've gone for brunch, for apps, for dinner...definitely can't go wrong. Haven't had the pork chop in a while, but it's one of the BEST!
I've been back a few times and things are better. The food is plain (not in a bad way) and good and the wine list is more easily navigated. The service is good, considering all the trendsters crowding the bar that they have to deal with in a day. A good time was had by all those I was with. It certainly has shaped itself to be a cornerstone of the neighborhood.
Parking is a bit tricky around this area so give yourself enough time to circle around a few times to find a parking spot. We barely made it on time for our reservation.I came here for brunch with the bf. I ordered the chile rubbed pork (Hominy, Black Eyed Peas, Chard, Pimenton Butter and Black Pepper Biscuit $14) and the bf ordered the grass-fed hamburger with cheese (which I guess technically makes it a cheeseburger) and bacon and it came with Pickled Onions and Herbed Potatoes and an aioli dipping sauce that was really good - $13. The burger was really good, came out perfectly cooked (medium-rare, as requested) and juicy! I liked the hamburger a lot more than my chile rubbed pork. My dish was kind of like a stew and the biscuit was hard...I like my biscuits fluffy and buttery! We also shared a half order of the custard French toast (with roasted strawberries and lemon butter) - $6 for a half order and $12 for a full order. We had the half order. The French toast was really rich and delicious. It was a little too mushy for me though, but the bf likes mushy so he really enjoyed it. We also ordered an assortment of drinks. I had an "Orange" cocktail (Dolin Blanc, Campari, Orange Juice for $7) which I thought was going to be similar to a mimosa but I was wrong...definitely more bitter. I also ordered the "Grapefruit" cocktail (La Gitana Manzanilla, Maraschino, Grapefruit Juice also $7) as my second drink and that was no better. The bf ordered the Ramos Gin Fizz (Hayman's Old Tom Gin, Cream, Lime, Lemon, Egg White for $10) and the Negroni Frizzante (Campari, Broker's Gin, Dolin Rouge, Cava, Orange Twist for $8). The Ramos Gin Fizz had egg whites in it and it looked like a glass of milk to me. The bf liked it though. Overall, it was a great meal at NOPA. Must come back during dinner for the infamous pork chop though!
Don't think NOPA needs yet another review, but I would rate it within the top 4-5 places to eat in San Francisco. The atmosphere is just phenomenal with high ceilings, a mezzanine section that feels part of the rest of the restaurant, a long buzzing bar and a reasonably inviting community table.We went here for my wife's birthday dinner (just the 2 of us... post partying the previous night!). They seated us on the corner most table above the entrance on the mezzanine. It was probably the best table there.I had the pork chops, and they were hands down the best ones I had ever had. So juicy and tender. Went along very well with the half bottle of french wine our server had recommended.The blue bottle martinis are to die for and the warm chocolate brownies/cookies with almond milk are exceptional.
Third time visiting, NOPA never disappoints. Great bar and very interesting food combinations. Loved the salads. Companions all enjoyed their entrees.
After living in SF for 11+ years, what I love most about its restaurants is that you can get very impressive food even at random restaurants you just stroll into and that the quality of the food isn't price-dependent. Unexpectedly, however, I didn't find the food at NOPA to be at all impressive.I've heard quite a lot of praise for NOPA, and the space and ambiance of the restaurant were striking, but I found the food to be basically equivalent to what you would expect your non-chef friends to serve at a dinner party. So, it was good, but an impressive culinary journey it was not. Which, for me, when combined with the relatively high prices, makes overall for a low value and disappointing experience. I was especially surprised because I have been to Nopalito (for lunch), which I liked very much.This was my first time to NOPA - and I didn't BTW have any trouble getting a last-minute, late-nightish reservation on a Monday - but given the un-impressive food relative to the high prices and stiff competition, I don't foresee us returning anytime soon.BTW, we had the: Flatbread of house cured ham, Early girl tomatoes, Baked cannelloni, Rotisserie herbed chicken, and Trio of sorbets.
Went here on a Tuesday with a couple of my old coworkers. I was kind of excited to finally try this place out as the reviews on Yelp were pretty good. Parking was a bit of a bitch....circled a few blocks for about 10 minutes but then found street parking just a block away. There isn't really a big sign or anything so you may not see it right away. I walked into a pretty crowded restaurant at about 8:30PM. After reviewing the menu we decided to go family style between the 3 of us. Here's what we ordered: Smoked Tomato-Bread Soup with Basil & Garlic Oil: Nice, warm and tasty! Thumbs up! Wood Roasted Calamari with Spiced Chickpeas, Pickled Onions & Romesco: This was just eh...Wouldn't recommend. Flatbread with House Smoked Bacon, Corn and Garlic: 2 Thumbs Way Up! I'd go back just for this DELICIOUS dish! Very light, but very GOOD! A must order when you eat here. Grilled Country Pork Chop: I don't typically order pork entrees when I go out to restaurants but I heard this was one of their most popular plates. I must say that it was actually pretty good. Cooked just right and was very tasty. It was a pretty big potion too. I'd definitely recommend. Rotisserie Herbed Chicken: This was good too and just as the pork...a nice, hearty size. Very juicy and flavorful. I also enjoyed the grilled bread that came with it. It was topped with arugula and a tomato vinaigrette. We were all stuffed afterwards and even had some leftovers that we had boxed up. Total came out to about $80 (tax and tip not included). Not on my favorite places to eat list but I'd still go back.....
Had the duck which was good, nothing crazy. Also fried little fish were great.Seems over hyped, maybe I should give them a second chance.
I always want Nopa last minute on a friday after work or a lazy sunday at 6pm. Unfortunately walking in here last minute is a royal pain in the ass. Hovering at the bar or community table comes down to luck and how pushy you are willing to be. My GF and I have walked out pissed and buzzed a few times with no food in my belly... And then the argument started... ha.But the other night my GF and I rolled the dice (again) and came up with an instant seat at the community table. Score! Whilst sinking my teeth into their insanely delicious burger (with proprietary bacony goodness) and sipping on a Blood and Sand (kind of a "danker" Old Fashion) I decided Nopa is worthy of all the hype and hassle. Its really a fantastic restaurant.
Received the main course when the table who was sat 10 minutes after me was finishing their dessert. You can imagine how thrilling that was to wait on for my Birthday. Even had the same dishes and drinks at two people at that table and same number of courses. Good cocktails. Decent Appetizer, disappointing main courses like many places (Pork chop people go on about and the Tagliatelle Braised Pork).Waitress was on a letter grade a c minus and if she contributed to the delay of meal, an F.
This place is great especially since they don't close until 1am. Most fine dining or upscale restaurants usually close by 10 or 11pm. The flatbread appetizer with sardines was different but I found myself going for seconds. The baked brussel sprouts was bitter. Obviously, a one time dish for me. As recommended, the porkchop is a must. It was succulent and portion was generous. We also had the duck entree. Meh. What blew me away was the burger here. For the low price of $13, it's by far the best burger I've had in San Francisco to date. I would pay $20 for that sucker, given that the average entree price here is anywhere from $22 to $26. Had a bottle of cabernet between a party of four. I would come back just for the burger and some other items I would love to try on the menu.
what a great place, especially for late night hunger! it was my 3rd time being there for a (very) late dinner yet they still satisfied me in many ways!everything we ordered was great. it took them a little while to be served but it seemed unusually crowed for a tuesday evening. I can't remember what we ordered since the menu on their website hasn't been updated yet but the pork loin and sea bass were amazing. also their rendition of tomato soup just hit the spot.service was very good also, but make sure to be patient!!smoked chocolate pot de creme was great too.I will not hesitate to go back here anytime. yum!
their flatbread was amazing. It changes seasonally so I can't promise what you order will be amazing also.  I sat at the chefs bar and watched the food being made and I have to say it felt homey and I felt comftorable with how they handled the food. My boy got a large dish, I had a small dish and a dessert and we both split the flatbread and that was the perfect amount.It gets very loud and crowded, but if you come early (and have reservations) it's a great dinner.
Rough week. With the help of my friends, I moved 19 years of "stuff" from one location to another. After the last box was packed and moved, all we could do was think of getting a good meal because we were literally famished. Somebody suggested Nopa and we were there in a flash. We had to wait a bit for a table, but it was well worth it. The drinks were so yummy and the food deeeeeeelicious. Or was it our wonderful, friendly and attentive waiter RYAN that made the experience over the top? Ryan rocks and gets 6 stars from us! Do not stop and go straight to Nopa's. Tell 'em Ryan sent ya!
Favorite restaurant in San Francisco! The 2 owners are the nicest guys and you can tell they have great pride in both of their restaurants in this hood. The bar is our favorite place to park ourselves for hours, while enjoying their amazing cocktail list, wines and delicious food! Lately my favorite dish are the duck tenders, absolute perfection! The pork chop is legendary. Love this place and so grateful to have it in my back yard. Thank you guys and hope you open a third place.
The food was great but the vibe was what I come here for. While not at all pretentious this place has a certain kind of aura about it. Perfect for a date, a casual dinner, or a few drinks after work.
Great atmosphere and would come back for drinks, appetizers, and dessert, but not a main course meal. Went on a Saturday at 9pm and the wait was 1.5 hours...good thing we had a reservation!Flatbread: ingredients looked simple, but it was delicious!Pork chops: pretty good, but overrated. Herb chicken: generous portions, but nothing special. the side salad it came with was refreshing though and a good pairing with the chicken.Brownie with mint choco chip ice cream: warm, soft, perfect
how to win an ordinary girl over: a box of chocolates and flowershow to win ting over: burgers and friesi don't have much of a sweet tooth, and flowers don't taste like mouthwatering pieces of meat, paired w/slightly crispy sticks of potato. i've had three burgers from nopa so far, and they've been outlined as follows:BURGER #1:gilly informed me that i MUST add bacon and cheese to my burger. done and done. - - i chose gruyere. it was cooked perfectly. (my stomach is sometimes selective when it comes to how a burger is cooked, but i've never had any issuses w/nopa's medium burgers.)  in my carnivoric experiences, there is a noticeable difference when you're presented w/grass-fed burgers. the bacon, gruyere, and pickled onions atop this juicy piece of heaven, coupled w/fries and aioli dipping sauce combined forces to truly win me over. BURGER #2:we visited nopa around 1am or so. b/c of my fabulous first visit, i'm going to chalk up this bad second experience to the late hour that we dined. my buns were badly burnt, and the aioli tasted strange. ...bland, and sort of burnt. BURGER #3: you really do love me, nopa. i was brought back to my first experience, and burger, fry, and i were running through a field w/an adjacent stream of aioli babbling gleefully.ladies, true romance is NOT a lost art form, and second chances DO elicit happy endings.
I live in the neighborhood and had been to NOPA once before but had to go back to try their burger. So good. It was crowded and hard to get a seat, but it is what I expected for such a great brunch spot. The drinks were refreshing, the staff was helpful and friendly and the food was amazing. I love living so close to this restaurant. I will be a regular for sure.
Great food for great prices in lively setting with attentive service. Shared the fried asparagus, warm goat cheese and the flat bread appies then ordered the halibut for main course and pecan pie for dessert....all very tasty! GO! You should be happy you did! Oh! Forgot to mention the yummy drinks! Duh!
Super thankful my friend made reservations for us even though all we could get was 9:15 PM. We get there and wait. It was so busy and people were coming in and asking the wait which was about 2 hours for a couple. Wow! Anyways, we were sat. Of course I read the Yelp reviews beforehand and knew what to order. I ordered the Grilled Porkchops and the Espresso Martini. I was a little embarrassed since the Espresso martini was served for dessert but who gives a who. Anyways our friends ordered the mussels and salad for appetizer. They also gave us a complimentary sweet pea appetizer which we ate in 2 minutes. Anyways we get our pork chops (since three out of four of us ordered it) and burger. The pork chops were awesome. Pink on the inside but totally tender and tasty. My husband took on for the team and ate my really pink pork chop and he switched with me. I totally would have ate it since I was feeling really "good". Anyways I really liked our experience there. The server was good and the ambiance even better.
Right when we walked in, I could tell that the place was headed in the right direction. It was completely packed from the long bar to all the tables. There wasn't one open table on a Sunday night, so I'm glad we made reservations. We were there early, and were seated no more than 5 minutes after our reservation, with our requested table. The server took no more than 10 minutes to come over (which may be a bit long, but we didn't mind), and they had already sent over a free appetizer! Now that's being on top of their sh*t! I believe our server was Nick (or I could be completely confused with another restaurant), but he was great, amazing, phenomenal. All the staff were great actually. I loved the high ceiling and open kitchen, which made the 120 seat restaurant look so much bigger.For apps, we ordered the sardines and pork ribs. I'm not a fan of sardines, but this one tasted great and not fishy at all! The pork ribs were so effin amazing!! Yum yum! For entrees, we had the rabbit and the halibut. The halibut was cooked perfect and just the right portion. The rabbit did not taste or feel like rabbit at all (which I'm usually not into). The portion was quite large for that dish! It was definitely some delicious rabbit, as much as I hate to eat it. We ordered the cheesecake and creme brulee for dessert. The creme brulee was delicious, but the cheesecake a bit bland. That was their only miss throughout the whole dinner. Bartender with the curly hair was super nice. He made one hell of a pisco sour with cute little heart designs.Definitely a place to come back to.
I am giving this place a perfect score because not only was the food great, I don't think I've ever had a better meal for the price unless maybe if it was home-cooked. The grass-fed burger was great -- one of my favorite burgers. I've also tried some of their pork-chop which was somehow as tender and flavorful as a nice cut of beef.
Came here on a Friday night - man was it packed! From 7pm until 11pm, the place never died down. A good sign? Most definitely.Pork chop = delicious. Full of flavor, tender, and not dry at allTagliatelli with pork = pasta cooked perfectly al dente. Very fresh and light tasting. Broth was really good.Cauliflower side dish = nice charred cauliflowers - maybe a bit more seasoning would've made it perfect...Lavender pot de creme = light and flavorful with the chocolate pudding cake as the perfect juxtaposition. :)
Nopa is one of my favorite restaurants in San Francisco, I have been here many times and never disappointed. Be it a Tuesday night at 11PM or Saturday at 5PM, it's always packed. Hot spot, the scene, fit for foodies, and for those who just want to see and be scene. Also, it's one of the very few restaurants open past 10PM on any day. The menu is market-driven and changes daily. Staples are the pork chops and vegetable tangine. My husband thinks it's the best pork dish he has ever had. The French fries, fried egg-smoked tomato dish, and any of the salads are must haves. I think their sopaipilla dessert with a scoop of lemon-verbena ice-cream is the best of its kind I've ever had! Incredible cocktails and wine list! It's super hard to make healthy choices here. I've sat at the chef's counter and seen how much oil/butter they dose their fresh vegetables in. I actually think it's a bit excessive and takes away from the high quality of their ingredients. If you want a perfect night, make reservations ahead of time. Otherwise, try to snag a spot at the bar, enjoy the cocktails soak in the scene, and patiently wait for the taste bud explosives to begin.
As if Nopa needs another review, but our dinner was so delish I can't help myself. Third time here in the past couple years, all three times memorable, though this time double date night gave us several more dishes to try...  There is a reason there are over 1500 reviews at 4 stars on yelp...Apps: -- Grilled broccoli side with lemon, anchovy and crunchy bread crumbs had a slight vinegary flavor that was extremely pleasing and the grill flavor was incredible. Tasted like no broc I have ever eaten.-- Baked gigante beans, perfectly cooked, piping hot, from the wood oven, layered in flavors of tomatoes and italian rustic flavors.-- Sardines prepared with lemon flavored onions, pinenuts and currants served with toasted baguette chips. Perfectly balanced.-- Flatbread. Mmm. Incredible. With bacon, fingerling potatoes, and gruyere. Mmmmmmmm.Already feeling filled to the brim, our party of four then had 3 entrees:-- Pork chop with sweet potatoes, rutabaga (both slightly maple glazed caramelized). Is it even possible for pork to taste this good? Who needs meat/beef when you can have pork like this? -- Housemade tagliatelle with spicy fennel sausage, brussel sprouts and delightful cream sauce. Incredible pasta. Some of the best I have had in ages. Comparable to Nate A's pasta from old SPQR. Also reminded me of tagliatelle type pasta at Ad Hoc in Yountville.-- Rotis herbed chicken, grilled bread, hummus, persimmon and arugula salad. Chicken was ok, not the winner at all. Moist but not that exciting, skin not crispy enough. Grilled bread with hummus was a late-in-the-meal discovery, had a delightful layering of flavoring on wonderful chewy bread. Salad good balance.Finally, we made it to dessert, sadly could only share 2 between us:-- Sopapillas with honey butter sauce. 5 puffy soft chewy beignet mates with doughnut-like sugar-dusted delights. Puncture a little area, dump sauce on, consume with galore. -- Ginger molasses cake, spiced poached pear, crazy creme anglaise. WOW. This one was a real surprise. Wonderfully moist, perfect amount of ginger in the cake. WOW.And the coffee is french press, generous, HOT, and super strong. Another great meal in SF. How I love this city!
Hubby and I spent our anniversary dinner here, well, the night before.  Reservations at 6pm. Ok, we got there at 5 minutes to 6pm. Sorry, you can't sit down until it is exactly 6pm. Between 4 an d6 it is bar fare only at the bar not a table. Picky picky. Oh well..... I had a nice glass of wine. Hubby had an Oyster Porter. Then, i decided somehow that I wanted sardines. First, let me tell you, I don't like sardines. BUT, I decided to branch out and get the sardines, with carrot hummus,capers,currents on crostini. Might I add, I loved it. I could eat it all the time. I was so in love with this thing. Hubby tried it too and he liked it. Oh it was so divine. WOW OMG my tastebuds!!Then, I had The Moroccan Tagine . Very exotic and I had to chew really slow so all the flavors burst in my mouth. yum. Hubby had the pork chop. He liked it. But, he said he would order chicken next time.We had a fabulous dessert. It was lemon sorbet with poundcake and creme fraiche and kumquats. It was parfait style and really good. We also had tea. English Breakfast of course!I can't say enough about this place. Very excellent!! I am still dreaming of those sardines. The waiter, Jeff, told me the menu is seasonal. Hopefully, the little fishies will return!
Though I'm new to Yelp, I am not new to dining out in San Francisco. I've sampled a number of this fine city's eateries and all pale in comparison to this gem on Hayes and Divisadero. My boyfriend and I had 6:00 reservation on a Saturday (they were the only ones left when we called a week ahead of time. If you want something later you'll have to call well in advance). We were seated by the hostess in the balcony area. Great table and great visibility of the whole restaurant for some people/ kitchen watching. Our waiter was attentive but did not attempt to rush us at all. We lingered, enjoying our drinks and food for almost two hours, and never felt pressured to free up the table. He was also super knowledgeable and had suggested great wine pairings for both of our dishes. My boyfriend loved his wine so much he had two glasses. And now for the good part.... We started by splitting the oven baked egg. So good. Great flavor from the smoked tomato and nothing too heavy so that we felt satisfied and ready for our main course when it came. For the main course, I had the pan-seared swordfish. So incredible. My boyfriend, who isn't a fan of fish in general, admitted that he would even consider ordering that next time. It was delicate and complex and the vegetables served alongside (brocolli and squash) were the perfect complement. My boyfriend had the lamb. What an incredible cut of meat. It was juicy and tender and not covered up by to many other flavors. Perfectly cooked. Unfortunately, we didn't have any room for dessert at this point and were on our way to another engagement. Next time (which I hope will happen soon) we'll try not to stuff our faces with our entrees so much so that we can sample some dessert. If you haven't been there yet, go now. You'll thank me (and the other 1500 reviewers) later.
I went here for the first time today. Awesome. I really wanted the flat bread with sausage, but as a newly converted vegetarian I instead ordered the Baked Giant White Beans and Goat Cheese Crostini with Frissee salad. Absolutely no regrets there. My brothers both ordered the Half Chicken, which came with seasonal vegetables and was huge. They were very satisfied. My younger brother's girlfriend ordered the Burger with Bacon and Fries with Aioli, and very much enjoyed it. And then, the young gentleman seated next to me ordered the Flatbread with Sausage. Go figure. It looked and smelled delicious and he ate every bite- I know this because I watched him enviously the whole time.Now, on the subject of cocktails- I have friends who come here often, and they highly recommended the Pisco Sour. I believe, in their words, it was "The BEST cocktail EVER!" I have to say that I agree; the egg white meringue on the top was decorated with cute little heart designs (aww...) and the flavor of the cocktail itself was incredibly smooth and balanced. A new favorite! Against my better judgment, I then moved on to the Blood and Sand, which tasted good except for the OVERWHELMINGLY strong flavor of tequila laced throughout. My friends got drunk just smelling it. Still good, but I should have stuck with the Pisco.Also what was ordered at my table was the Old Cuban, a fabulous classic drink, as well as The Last Word, which was green and strong with a definite eau de vodka, but delicious nonetheless. Not to think I'm an insatiable alkie, I finished up my meal with one last Pisco Sour and called it a night. The dessert list, in its defense, looked fantastic, and after trying my dining companion's Creme Brulee I made an instant mental note then and there to return to this fabulous restaurant and indulge in my very own dessert one day. However, having indulged in enough food for one night, I graciously laid down my fork with promises to return.
Consistently amazing!! Hands down to the staff, food, drinks, ambiance and (believe me) price. I resisted to try for a bit, Nopa is on my corner and I never liked how it contrasted to the food chain shop cross the street, how it represented the gentrification on the neighborhood and many other self-rightenous thoughts of mine. One night I tried and since then I came back at least once a week. Now, every time I try other places I compare to Nopa and Nopa always wins.
This is some upper echelon food and wine. From the crisp blood orange salad to the pork chop. Everything was tasteful and beautiful. Great service too. The wait was long but so worth it, make sure to put your name in and grab a drink somewhere on divis they will call you when your table is ready. They also suggested an amazing 2009 Syrah from Arnot-Roberts ($67) couldn't have been happier. Thanks nopa!
This was also our 2nd Annual NOPA New Year's Eve dinner and a tradition we hope will continue through this new decade. The food and experience was, once again, classic! We have been here on several other occasions with friends and co-workers and NOPA has always left us looking forward to our return. This is one of those places where ordering from all courses is a must. From the first bite of appetizers to the final lick of your dessert plate and sip of the individually pressed Blue Bottle coffee, the NOPA night always delivers the perfect dining experience.
WARNING: HORRIBLE time finding parking. Took us 25 minutes to find parking and they give up your table 15 minutes past your reservation *cry* - luckily we made it just in time.I wanted to come to Nopa for my birthday so that the bf and I could check out the hamburger =P. I really love the high-ceiling and openness of the restaurant. This place was non-stop packed though - there was never a table empty for more than a couple minutes. We got seated upstairs at a table in the corner overlooking the kitchen which was really cool. We each decided to order 1 of the 2 draught beers and while we were perusing the menu our server brought us a complimentary amuse bouche of fuyu persimmon, kosher salt, and some kind of savory yogurt. I don't even really like persimmons but it was pretty tasty! We decided to split the flatbread with spicy fennel sausage, which we didn't realize was the size of a pizza because it made us SO FULL. It was really yummy though and we were starving. For main entrees of course I had the burger, was there any doubt? The bf ended up going for the porkchop. The burger was juicy and the bun was fluffy and light. The fries are SO GOOD. Short thicker cut fries with the harissa aioli - YUMMMMM. The bf's porkchop was juicy and tender.We ended up having to forgo dessert.. (too full). Our server joked with us that maybe we should order dessert first the next time we come to Nopa. =PAttentive and friendly service! (All the servers wear brown shirts!)Overall I think Nopa is really yummy - the food is good but it's not O-M-G ridiculous.
Made reservations a little over 2 weeks in advance, but still got 9pm seats. Since it was our first time, we had to try:- Flat bread- Pork chops- Rotisserie herbed chickenThe flat bread was good, but the pork chop was excellent. Seemed to be injected with flavor goodness! And the chicken - oh my. The chicken was the best chicken I've ever tasted, hands down. For dessert, we tried the Almond Butter Cake with Plum Ice Cream and the Honey Burnt Creme Brulee. Pass on the almond butter cake.The service was decent.  Our server seemed a bit arrogant. We asked what he suggested for our first meal at NOPA, he simply said everything's good...which I can understand is true. Then when he saw us looking at Yelp for suggestions, he told us not to use Yelp and not to believe what we read.  Uh no. Yelp is my bible!Tip: The noise level is out of control! When making reservations, as for a table upstairs if you want to be able to hear your conversation.
I was not completely wowed by any of their dishes. We ordered the rabbit, pork chop, sturgeon, flatbread, and asparagus. Don't get me wrong, they were great, but it didn't live up to my expectations. There was nothing that stood and that made me say "wow, I want to come back here and eat this again." Now, the quality and freshness of the food was superb. But the taste and flavor was average. BTW, It's very busy here. If you don't have a reservation, don't bother coming.
Just go!
Love it! We came here quite late on a Monday night at it was still very crowded. We snagged a seat at the communal table, which was able to fit all 6 of us. In a short time we had drinks, and a table ready for us. Service was quite friendly. It's definitely loud in there, but it's good for groups!Yummy things:Elderflower gimlet (they recco using gin instead of vodka)Amuse bouche of green beanGoat Cheese, Crostini, beet saladPolentaThe Rabbit (so the boy says)Blue Bottle Coffee
I went there with two girlfriends to try out the place. We didn't have reservations and the place was crowded on a Sunday night. We waited for some seats at the long table, which is free seating. It took quite some time for one of the party to leave because there was only one waitress for like 4 different parties at that long table. When they have finally gotten their bill and settled it, the three of us sat down and was greeted by the waitress immediately. The service was friendly and definitely helpful when she offered us their specialty lemonade, which was really yummy. I ordered the tomato soup, which was perfect with the cold weather outside. We snacked on some of the warm goat cheese and crackers. This was my first time there and I would go back to try other things on the menu.ds
Great food. Best french toast I ever had, in fact (+5 stars). But I had to wait over an hour for that french toast after ordering (-3 stars).
This review is for the people who come to San Francisco and make up new names for old neighborhoods. Please stop. This restaurant is located in a neigborhood called the Western Addition.Alamo Square and divisadero and all that this entails is the Western Addition. You know that famous photograph that they always use from the park at Alamo Square looking east over the old victorians down to the San Francisco skyline. This is the shot used by hollywood regularly to show people a standard shot of the city. Think of the TV shows, Two Close for Comfort, Hotel, Charmed, Party of Five etc, etc,... I know this restaurant is beautifully designed, and the food is delicious. But this is still nothing to go running through Alamo Square tearing your clothes off, and screaming Nopa from the roof tops....Go to Flybar, or Madrone for a drink and take a deep breath. There is also the Independent there, that used to be the Kennel Club/ Justice League. They always had some good shows at that joint. So please stop coming up with silly new neighborhood names that don't mean anything. I mean what's next, North Beach will be renamed Nobe? Late....
Had never been to Western Addition before, but what a pleasure to find Nopa there! Since we had to go to a concert at the Independent from 7pm, my friend and I got there at 5:30 and sat at the bar counter for a while, before dinner seating started at 6pm. The venue is wonderful. They have chicken roasting in front of you in a huge oven, and they were also making handmade potato chips in front of us too... the kitchen is fun to watch. I love the high ceilings and loft like feel.I had sparkling water but my friend opted for a bloody mary... and it was spicy and good! We had deviled eggs and manchego cheese with our drinks. Perfect combination.We were then promptly shown to our table. We shared the burger and a bibb lettuce salad. Both were great - especially the burger. The meat was juicy and tender, and the vegetables fresh.I was also surprised to find out that our dinner (including drinks and appetizers) amounted to only $35 per person! How could that be? Will definitely be back as I love the ambiance of the place!
I was skeptical at first, especially after several unsuccessful attempts to make reservations for parties of 4+... but I have to say that NOPA absolutely lives up to all the hype. Not only did they deliver on service & atmosphere, but the FOOD. absolute deliciousness. warm goat cheese (I'm a sucker for queso de cabra), baked white beans, juicy pork chops and leg of lamb... I've since been at least 5x and have yet to walk away without feeling like I put on at least 5lbs!One of the few restaurants that I've been to in SF that is still so packed (with lines no less!) at 11:30pm on a week night. Gotta love it.
We were staying near Union Square and just wanted to get the hell away from the tourists! I had a friend recommend NOPA, and after reading Yelp, I really wanted to try it during my week in San Francisco. Really cool place. I made day of reservations for a Thursday night at 10pm. Glad I did.We took the bus and were dropped off right outside the front door. We were seated promptly with an upstairs table overlooking the open kitchen. That is one thing I love about most of the restaurants here, the open kitchens. We were given a carafe of ice water, really cool. Our waiter brought us some free slices of heirloom tomatoes with sea salt (I think). Very simple and tasty! We looked over the menu and wine list. Everything looked very good. We went with the Fried Little Fish. Christ, were they good! Little whole fish battered and fried. Eat them whole, heads and all, with that tasty dipping sauce. There were so many, we were already getting full. For the main course, we split a steak dinner that isn't on their online menu, so I don't remember what the hell it's called. I think it was a marinated flank steak that was grilled and sliced. We chose the 1/2 bottle of 1994 York Creek meritage. I was worried the bottle might be a little past it's prime since half bottles age faster. It was perfect. They waited until the steak was ready to open the wine since it was an older vintage. The steak was the only thing not up to par. It was fairly tough. The flavor was fantastic with the wine. I remember the sides being good, just don't remember what the hell they were. For desert we split the almond butter cake, Armagnac roasted plutos, and plum ice cream. It was fantastic and the flavors blended together amazingly. Just wish I wasn't picking steak out of my teeth the rest of the night. Service couldn't have been any better! Our hostess was great. Our server was very attentive and gave us some local hints for things to do. The girls next to us (who were hot and freaking sloshed) were trying way too hard to hit on our server. Made it very entertaining. Service was quick, but not rushed. This is a good restaurant in a cool neighborhood. One star off for the tough steak.It was still packed when we left at 11:15pm. Can't believe we made day of reservations!
Only complaint is trying to get a spot for brunch!!!! Other than that, no problem!!! Everything is amazing. I've gone for both dinner and brunch and the food and setting is amazing.  A must-go place to eat!!!!
Was not a big fan of the pork. It was too dry! Bar and space was nice
I went there again yesterday with two wonderful friends of mine. As usual, the food was fantastic. This time, I am truly impressed with their service, attention to detail and the pleasant smiles all around. Thank you NOPA.
Excellent dining in the Divisadero corridor. They take reservations up to 1 month in advance now. My wife and I met here for dinner on Friday night, right when they opened at 6 pm. The dining area was empty, the staff was huddled in the kitchen holding a team meeting, and the patrons were all packed around the bar and the common table in the front. "Make yourself comfortable," the hostess entreated, but I felt as though we were all waiting like racehorses in the gate. I was pleased to find their online menu matched the one we were handed at the table. Our waiter gave us a smooth pitch on the specials of the day, which we accepted. If the chef wanted to serve something in particular, we were going to try it. After all, the best food will be the chef's favorite. Here's how it went down: She had:   Little Gem Lettuces   Fish Stew   Syrah   Doughnut holes in syrup   Genmai ChaI had:   Lamb Riblets   Pork Chop   Chardonnay   Chocolate pot de creme Cost: About $100. Regarding the old guideline of white wine for fish and red wine for meat, we had chosen exactly the two exceptions to the rule. Upon being served, we commenced PDA by feeding each other across the table, and nobody seemed to mind. The fish stew was as terrific as the waiter promised it would be. A thick tomato-ey sauce in the Tuscan tradition caressed pefectly tender seafood. I could see why people raved about the lamb. The riblets were treated with something like a Maker's Mark sauce, and cooked until they fell off the bone. The pork chop was 2 inches thick, lean, and ranging from rare to well-done. I loved the wood-fire finish on the surface of the chop. The doughnut holes and the pot de creme were perfect. I was glad the restaurant served real food, and did not stuff us with sourdough before the food arrived. An amazing and impressive perk was the water, which was filtered and charged, and then served for free. I noticed that the hard surfaces in the restaurant made the noise level rise as the evening unfolded, and by the time we were finished two hours after we were seated, we had to shout across the table to hear each other. Had the noise level been under control, the restaurant would have rated five stars. Bottom line: Will we be back? Yes, absolutely!
Obviously this place gets 5 stars! Try the Blue Bottle Cocktails with Bourbon instead of whatever they usually serve it with - amazingly delicious. Otherwise, this place is rather legit, though you should make reservations the day before for brunch.
Definitely one of my favorite restaurants in San Francisco. The food is of excellent quality and service is amazing! We ordered the burger and the french toast. The burger was melt in my mouth good!!! The french toast was really good but I did not like the orange liquor, it was too overwhelming. I would love to come back to try their different items on their menu.
AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!Was introduced to this place for the first time yesterday, and I simply love it! Def made it to my top fav restaurants list.... *The place is simple with its own unique touch!*Service was very friendly!!*Food...I had the Spring Lettuces SalaD to start Wood Roasted Halibut as the main courseLavender Pot de Creme for dessert With Riesling Auslese as my wine of choice! I was all so on point, I mean cooked and prepared to perfection!!!!!!All together OUTSTANDING!!!!!!!
I wish there were more restaurants like NOPA--large and expansive--second level dining in San Francisco--which is almost rare as a dodo. I can only think of fewer than a half a dozen. There is a certain ambiance that comes from a warm environment, great service, a delightful menu and very well edited wine list. I went early and enjoyed the snack menu--a swordfish nibble.  Then came a simple burger--pickled red onions, a spicy aioli and perfectly crisped fires. And within easy reach was a beautiful flake sea salt. An very thoughtful touch. I also had the grilled broccoli, lemon, breadcrumb and anchovies--perfectly prepared--this is a dish that many restaurants over cook. I had a Portuguese wine (Tinta Roriz, Touriga Nacional and Touriga Franca) with generous acid and supple tannins--well suited for food. And I had a glass of Mendocino Charbono which by the glass is almost never seen let alone poured. The service is good and could be excellent but watching the server to table ratio made the service a bit more challenged. Though the table assignments were high the server was friendly and attentive and listened to what I needed in almost symphonic fashion.I wanted a dessert but could eat no more. I was delighted to see a Sopaipilla on the dessert menu--a rarity in Bay Area. There were six desserts on the menu and was impressed by the kitchen that could produce this nightly. NOPA is a great San Francisco experience.
NOPA, just one more reason you're my FAVE:Came here for my birthday dinner. We pulled a reservation faux-pas, saying we only had 4 people (we knew there was a fifth coming late) - As a former hostess, I knew better... but they didn't have a reservation for five and dammit I wanted NOPA on my birthday!Anyway they graciously and effortlessly moved us to a bigger table and did it all with a smile. This is no easy task and I know it. So this is less of an update and more of a Thank You NOPA for still being the bomb.com.
Now I know what all the fuss is about.
NOPA = No Ordinary Porkchop Ambitions. Seriously, their pork chop is incredible!The restaurant was much larger than I had expected. It's a open loft-like space with high ceilings and gigantic windows. The restaurant was packed at 6:30pm on a weekday - a diverse mix of diners, families, and folks at the bar. Unfortunately, the service suffered. My friend and I waited over 15 minutes for our waitress to take our order, and finally flagged one down someone so we could at least order a drink.Little Fried Fish & Sauce Romesco - the fish had a slightly unpleasant metallic taste and could have used more seasoning, but the sweetness of romesco sauce was a nice complement.Shaved Asparagus Salad, Bacon, Sherry Onions, & Poached Eggs - baconlicious! The thick cuts of bacon were so tasty, and the oozing yolk from the perfectly poached egg pulled all the components together...hearty and flavorful, just like I like my salads. Housemade Tortelloni, Fava Bean Puree, Wild Mushroom, & Ricotta Salata - the pasta had a nice, firm texture, but overall this dish was bland and uninteresting...even the earthiness from the mushrooms seemed watered down.Country Pork Chop, Artichoke Hearts, Kumquats, & Polenta - WOW! This pork chop was lip-smacking good! It was thick, juicy, and packed with savory goodness. They brine the pork, which keeps it tender and locks in the flavors. This is one of THE BEST pork chops I've had in a very long time. The polenta and artichokes were also good, but I couldn't focus on anything other than that beautifully seared hunk of meat! [For pics of each course, visit my blog - the link's under my profile]NOPA does a phenomenal job with their meat dishes (particularly pork), but the other items I had were lackluster, so I would say come here and be a carnivore...and definitely do NOT eat here without having the pork chop! Oink, oink, baby!
This is one of my favorite restaurants in the city! The ambiance is very warm, inviting, and intimate despite the high ceilings and loud chatter from the open kitchen and dining room. I took my friend here for his birthday and called ahead to make reservations and to tell them to send out a little something on his dessert. They assured me it would be seamless and it was! I didn't even have to give anyone a secret wink or handshake!I arrived first and the hostess walked me to our table upstairs. It was situated in a corner of the restaurant with a great view of the kitchen and the other guests below! Score! When my date arrived, we ordered our food and proceeded to chit chat. We didn't even notice that quite a while had passed and we still had no food. Our waiter promptly came over to apologize and gave us free fries due to the wait! When our food finally came we were happily buzzed on wine and munching away on the thick cut fries. My rabbit dish was divine with just the right amount of seasoning and the vegetables on the side were a perfect compliment. My date's sea bass was also delicious but I was too enthralled with the rabbit to give it a second look. Next came the star of the night (in my opinion) - the bacon brittle with ice cream and some kind of unmemorable cake. The brittle was delicious! It was sweet with savory smokiness from the bacon bits! I was in heaven! Too bad they don't sell just the bacon brittle! I would be here all the time buying it all up!Overall, a great experience from start to finish. The wait staff was very courteous and conscientious of our time and the food was delightful! I will definitely be back!
All the buzz about this place is true! And I enjoyed myself immensely enough to give it 5 Stars even though I was on a date with a guy that did his best to make it the worst night possible. He was drunk, talked down to the waitress, kept slipping the names of the owners in hopes of getting better service, and was tormenting a group of German students sitting next to us. Luckily he paid. The atmosphere of the restaurant is lovely, busy, cozy and well lit. I ordered the chicken with the watermelon salad on the side. The chicken was cooked perfectly and melted in my mouth. I sipped a nice glace of wine, enjoyed my chicken, and I did my best to pretend that my date was not there. :)
WOW this place is amazing. Our server was very knowledgable about all the menu items and the food was fantastic. It was a great way to end our last evening in SF. The goat cheese bread pudding is a must. Every item we ordered was absolutely delicious.
A very avid yelp-er and patron of NOPA invited me out to dinner here one night; I must add I had never heard of this place before. As soon as I walked in there was a sense of comfort and just a very relaxed vibe. This place pulls of being classy and comfortable with ease. Despite the fact that there is always a full house the staff make it their number one priority to keep everything moving smoothly and being perfectly wonderful as they handle the high stress environment that comes with the sheer volume of people moving in and out of NOPA every night. I must commend the staff at NOPA, they are really just some very fantastic, pleasant, knowledgeable people. Now to the food, I had the watermelon salad and although I am not a fan of spicy it was fantastic, for the main course I went with the chicken and WOW! what a portion. Although I had great company which can add some bias to my review but I would honestly recommend anyone to come here. Even just for a quick bite, you wont regret it. Since I first wrote this review I have been back three or so times, each fantastic and unforgettable. The staff is incredibly friendly and just honest-to-god wonderful people.
Fantastic!We had the pork ribs appetizer and corn soup. Both were great, however the ribs were the best I've ever eaten!My wife had the pork chop and I had the roast chicken, my chicken was cooked perfectly but I wished I had ordered the chop. The pork chop was the best piece of pork either of us have ever eaten.I love the fact they support local and responsible farmers, both veg and meats. The space used to be a bank and the neighborhood is funky, very comfortable.Their wine list is quite extensive as well and we enjoyed a great CA red.Make reservations! Can't wait to return!
LOVED IT!Came here with my friend Kim tonight (sat 12/26) randomly - it was a bit later and we wanted something yummy. It absolutely lived up to the hype. It was busy, yet inviting and warm.We were seated (very luckily) right away - upstairs. It was quite cool because we had a great view of the entire restaurant. Our server was AWESOME - Eric. He was super informed on the food, the wine and the atmosphere. We were really pleased. (more on that later)So we're seated upstairs, and Eric greets us and we are in the mood for wine. HE TOTALLY delivered...we wanted red, but were not sure what to - didn't want to break the bank, but wanted something good. He recommended a fabulous red (cannot remember the name) and we were in heaven. It was just a perfect, perfect suggestion.We then attempted to order...ahhhh! What to do!? Everything sounded soooo good. I was between the chicken & pork and Eric said DO PORK, definitely. So I did and again, PERFECT. DE-FREAKIN-LICOUS...score. My friend got the lamb and loved it.All the while, we are enjoying our view, chatting and loving our wine.Then came dessert time...we had the sopapillas & the brownie w/mint ice cream. The Sopapillas were really good, especially the sauce. the mint was exactly what we wanted w/the ice cream. Honestly, at this point we were just being greedy bc we wanted to try everything!After we finished, Eric suggested we split the Chocolate martini...and I quote "It will change your lives"...guess what? It sure did! FABULOUS. another, wonderful rec. We actually split it bc we were so full...but really, really, really good!What else can I say? The service top notch (Yay for Eric!), the bathrooms are clean (thank goodness) and parking wasn't that bad.I'd definitely like to come back and sit downstairs, for a different vibe and order the hamburger (it looked great).!
Good stuff
We were recommended by a local to have a great dinner and were not disappointed. The ambiance was young, hip, fun..exactly what our group of 6 girls was looking for. We were able to change our reservation from 6p to 9p with a check-up call on Wed prior to our visit. The host couldn't have been nicer.When we got there we had a quick drink in the bar and then went to our table upstairs. The food was INCREDIBLE! Everything we had was great. We sort of shared plates so we could try it all. The baked goat cheese and the flatbread were a fantastic start. Then we had the pork chop, the cod, and the italian sausage pasta dish. Everything was fantastic and we really enjoyed ourselves. Highly recommended if you want good food for moderate prices and a trendy, hip location.
Really swanky place!!! My partner and I really enjoyed this place! Great drinks and food!! Would eat here again 100% everyone should try this place once!
NOPA could have easily squeezed 5 stars out of me had we been seated within the 2 hour time frame that they promised. Not for nothing, but I was there for dinner not a sleep over. My friends and I slid over to the bar and used the Jedi Mind trick and some other trickery to get ourselves some seats and started out ordering some savory cocktails, and when I say savory I mean bits of pieces of rosemary and lavender, with organic vodka and fancy things I can't recall. It was a lively atmosphere and my lawyers were footing the bill, and the drinks were delicious however 2 and a half to 3 hours into our shin dig I was growing weary.Eventually we partnered up with two other women who were also awaiting seating and our party of three became five and eventually, some where before dawn our food came and dammit it was great, but I was drunk and tired by then.In the future i'll probably try bribery or something to get a seat sooner.
Stylish, with amazing food made with freshest seasonal ingredients and open late, this restaurant is a perfect combination of NYC hustle-n-bustle and CA eco-chic.Wait staff is friendly, drinks are inventive, and the interior is airy and trendy, yet welcoming. Stay away from Toasted Jonny Cake, it's dry and brings the experience down.
What's NOT to like?Laurence Jossel has a long resume stretching from a stint as Sous chef at the Ritz Carlton Dining room under Gary Danko, to Roland Passot, Kokkari, Chow and Chez Nous. This guy's been around. His project at NOPA is a hit with me.The place gets packed, so if you don't have reservations, show up early (5:30) and grab a spot at the table with the walk ins in the front. Its a big communal table and a great place to hang out with friends. If you have reservations - and there are two of you - grab table 64. It's upstairs and out of the way, with a primo view of what's going on down below. Great for people watching and checking out unfolding drama (kind of voyeristic, but fun nonetheless). It can get loud in there but in a good way.The fried smelt appetizers with a charred smoky romesco sauce is absolutely bang on. Follow this with a chickory, perfectly poached egg, bacon and parmesan salad and you are warmed up for the main course. The Black Cod with green lentils is fish perfection, so if you are inclined to enjoy a moist, flavorful and succulent fish preparation, look no further. Or, try the wood fired canneloni. It is awesome, though a tad rich. He uses a braised lamb and herbed ricotta filling for the house made pasta.Jury is out on the drinks since I only had a martini, but the house cured olives are not pitted and rather bland. I like a nice briny olive in my martini. The house pickled onions are too big for cocktails, but the use them in the drinks anyhow. They are crisp and pickled goodness.The service is excellent, attentive and friendly. I had been getting jaded from all the over the top service with plenty of attitude in the city lately, but this realy resonates with me. I am a fan.The parking situation is awful and the neighborhood is a bit dodgy so a cab might be a good option. They are open late - until 1am, so consider it as a late night dining option. I loved it.
I've been here twice in the past 2 years, and I think this restaurant has been able to successfully blend itself as a location that has good (but not great) food, with an atmosphere that is perfect for a casual fun dinner.The restaurant itself is quite large, and the massively high ceiling definitely contributes to this feel. Additionally, the large vertical mirrors behind the bar add to the perception of the largeness of the building. Architecturally, the decision to display the ceiling wooden banners complements the dark wood that permeates the restaurant. Despite the dark wood, and slightly barren furnishings, the room is cozily packed with tables, and the atmosphere is very inviting. You will always be greeted with a tiny muse from the kitchen, and the standard new age American fare on the menu guarantees that there is something for everyone. The burger is very well prepared, but the poor bread quality lead me to dump Nopa as my favorite burger joint in San Francisco. The cocktails, while expensive, are studiously prepared and the ample bar seats make this restaurant a solid choice for a last minute meal.Bottom line, I definitely recommend this restaurant for anyone who wants to enjoy a decent meal and stiff cocktails with a small group of friends in a well thought out environment.
So i know i'll probably get publicly stoned for this review, but i am just going to spill it: OVERRATED.For Nopa, i even followed the Chronicle's rule of eating there 3 times before reviewing, that said, each and every visit was very underwhelming.The first two times the food was average (the chicken we had was actually really dry) and the service was spotty at best.On my latest visit my mom came to town and i thought it would be cool to take her somewhere that is "hip", so i gave it another shot. The meal was pretty good (better than the first two trips) but the service/timing was horrible. Our server rushed us to order to the point that it was uncomfortable. we politely stated that we just sat down and wanted to look things over, but this didn't hinder her from stopping at our table 3x in a matter of five minutes to place our order - the server just didn't get it. After we placed our order, it took 50min-1 hr for our food to arrive. For pasta and chicken? I respect that food can take a while, but it was discouraging when a table that arrived 15 minutes after us was ordering dessert before we got our food. On top of this, the server never said a word, never smiled, and frankly, looked utterly miserable.All in all the place isn't horrible, i just really could not justify ever going back. The quality of the food is simply not strong enough to back up all of their issues and hype. Sorry.
hands down best pork chop in town. We also had a sirloin steak that was on special with a jalapeno salsa and avocado salad. We had the gigantic bean in tomato sauce with pesto and panko crumbs as an appetizer as well as the broccoli side dish and pecan pie with ice cream and a bourbon caramel sauce...all just incredible. i have never seen a bigger, thicker, more delicious pork chop...still has me reeling. Emmanuel gave us excellent table side service and Kent made us the best cocktails. The atmosphere is very nice, great music, well heeled crowd...a spot i have been meaning to eat at for years...now they will have to beat me off with a stick.
Bustling. Honest. The Ultimate.Nopa - an addiction I never want to quit. Best Burger in San Francisco. I'm not a big burger fan, but after stealing one bite from my friend's late night meal, this burger changed my life. Dripping, Juicy, Pure, Tender, Unadulterated, Savory: Meat. The buns - grilled to perfection: subtle smoky, charr-y flavor compliments above described meat. You can handle these buns with a decent amount of aggression as they won't submit to the juices of the meat - that's right, no wimpy sesame burger bun that turns into dough after a few rotations of eating the burger. These buns endure.Pork chops, veggie tagine, baked pasta - topsBroccoli, winter greens - yum yumNopa is that amiable, homey but beautiful, popular cheerleader that could probably destroy you, but would never dream of it. She offers plenty of wine, but never assumes you want it and is always okay that you just want a burger and pop in your favorite jeans.The thing about Nopa is that you can get a booth, lean in, and have a romantic date; sit at the community table and reminisce with a group of friends; or sit upstairs by yourself and have a private moment with your burger....Beautiful on the outside, beautiful on the inside, and substance to fill the entire place. I've been to Nopa numerous times, and have NEVER been disappointed.  A true neighborhood gem.(PLUS, ERIC IS THE BEST!)Know Before You Go!1. Ask for the aioli to dip your fries in if they don't have it on the menu! (better than the feta dip imho)2. Sit at the community table! Much faster seating if you keep your eyes out! (and great service still!)3. Get to know the servers! They're all very hip, very friendly, very cool!4. PARKING IS TERRIBLE - plan extra time to park!5. Late night!? Nopa serves till 1am!6. Go to the bathroom! It's cool!7. Ask for Eric! He's the best!
It's nice to see NOPA still thriving. We went back recently and had a wonderful meal - both the food and the service were awesome. I had the vegetable tagine, which was so flavorful that I was barely aware that I was basically just eating veggies. We shared a plate of fries - the plates are so big you really have to share an order (and we still couldn't finish them).We were seated at the back of the restaurant at the counter overlooking the kitchen. I think they call this the chef's table? I was unsure about sitting there at first, but it turned out to be great. It was fascinating to watch all the preparation by the various chefs as they prepared one amazing-looking meal after another. I highly recommend this spot for foodies - my bf had the biggest grin on his face the whole time, like he was a boy watching the circus. :)
I was really starting to think I would never get to try this restaurant. It seems like it has been on my list of places to get to forever. Thank goodness for my pal Cat who went here with me on a well-timed Tuesday night whim. Sure we had to wait and we were starving - but we didn't have a reservation and we didn't care, because Cat just got back in town and we had a lot of shit to shoot while we waited.So what about the food? What about the drinks? I can definitely vouch for the Manhattans, as well as the calamari, flatbread and burger. I don't have a single complaint. The food and drinks were amazing! A great place to break bread with friends.
Loved the ambiance and the service.The food was ok.The avocado salad and the shaved asparagus (with the egg and carrots) was really good.Hamburger was good tooDidn't like the duck. at allThe menu changes, so didn't get the chance to try the lamb. Might come back some time to give it another try
The appetizers at NOPA are really, really good. I was blown away by the steamed mussels in vermouth. They really nailed it...it was just perfect. The calamari isn't what you'd expect based on the menu description...it's all of the squid parts in a thick red Mediterranean-style sauce that almost is reminiscent of a lentil stew. It's really good, however.Some of the cocktails here are quite tasty--for sure try the whiskey and absinthe cocktail if you are adventurous. I would have never put those together but it was delicious (and strong). I would skip the rum sidecar.My date was underwhelmed by his flatbread pizza entree but we were so happy with the appetizers it almost didn't matter. This place also gets bonus points for being open very late, even on weekdays.
I took a college friend and his wife who are here in SF on their honeymoon for dinner last night and it was the perfect choice.The asparagus salad was amazing - the highlight of the meal. The flavors and textures combined perfectly.I got the porkchop and I thought it was good, but I'm not a huge meat eater so I would have preferred more salad. My friends got the tangine and the burger. Both were very good, though I'm not sure I would call it the best burger in SF.We shared the lavender pot a creme for dessert. The cake with caramel was outstanding. I think the lavender flavor would work better as an ice cream, but it was still an interesting dish.Overall, it was a great choice and for the quality, ambiance, and service, totally worth the money.
Dear NOPA,Even though you don't need me, you still make me feel wanted. I come over once or twice a week, and you always have lots of company. Somehow you find me a place to sit, you suggest something great to eat and drink, and then you deliver it exactly when and how I want it. You keep doing the same things you always did well, but you keep things fresh and light enough that I can't wait to see you again when I leave. On top of all that, you are only a couple blocks away. I'll forever thank the universe for bringing us together, and I'll cherish however long we have. Stay classy NOPA.
I had almost forgotten what good food tastes like....until I was back in California. NOPA is a great example of California cuisine. Eclectic, seasonal, and fucking delicious! Way to go guys you remind me why I love SF so much, and why it certainly is the best place in the country for dank ass food. I loved my meal, the service was great and I would definitely come back many times. WORD. I really loved the drinks too!
I was fortunate to have a friend stop by on a drive-through from Los Angeles to Seattle -- and that he arrived at 10:00 p.m. in the evening as it gave me a chance to recommend Nopa up on Divisidero. It is one of the few late-night dining joints in the city.We shared the much-lauded hamburger which I thought was very good, but not quite as opulent as the one I get at O Izakaya. It is served with pickled onions and house-made French Fries. Three of us also ordered and shared the broccoli di ciccio with shelling peas and anchovy. None of us were blown away with this dish; good, but not amazing.Lastly, we decided to share the dessert of toasted Johnny Cake with sauted summer apples and bacon brittle ice cream. Honestly, this dish was all about the ice cream which was amazing. Otherwise, the Johnny Cake was essentially dry and the apples did nothing to bring the dish together. In fact, we left bites of cake and apple, just wanting the ice cream.As many have indicated, this place is LOUD. Surprising that with such vaulted ceilings, no one has thought to hang large tapestries or textile artwork. It would certainly help the volume. At almost midnight, the bar was still bustling with lots of 20-somethings. I thought it might be nice for me on those rare occasions to sit at the bar and enjoy a late-night snack, but I am definitely outside their demographic and I would probably feel out of place. Other than the fact that it is great for late-night food, I am not sure I would want to go back.
Great ambiance, great food and great service. Surround yourself with those you love and take in all that is NOPA.Not pretentious(or trying to be) which is a relief when we talk about dining in the 21st century. But DAMN GOOD. Order the pork chop and a bottle (half bottle in this case) of Le Cigare Volant and bask in the favor your just did yourself. Take that special someone there and you'll share in the moments and experiences of a caliber that all memories yearn to capture.
*foursome.
My husband and I went here for Vday this year. The food was incredible!! Want to taste the best chicken noodle soup in the world? go hear.It was decently price, especially for the quality. We will be back to celebrate future occasions!
Pork Chop was by far the best I've ever had - I often forget that a pork chop is from pig, until you have this delicious piece of meat that tastes like bacon. The wait is 100% worth it. Also great atmosphere.
One of the few places in the city that has every dish done to near perfection. The flat breads and pork chop are a must. With all 3 courses, the dinner ends up around 50s per person, but the quality of the dishes are worth the price. The only down side is that this one waitress had a grumpy attitude serving us, and we had her twice.
I've been meaning to write this review for a long time.As a local (ie live within 3 blocks), Nopa is my #1 standby for delicious food and great drinks. They have consistently excellent service from the bartenders, busboys, and servers to the chef (who we encountered at 1am during a late night visit).Order a couple small plates to share over drinks (whatever they're offering 'frito' get it. The fried little fish, baby asparagus, baby fava beans, heirloom carrots, have all been stellar when we got them on separate occasions). Their rotisserie chicken could also give Zuni a run for it's money, and at a much more reasonable price.Great for late night eats, since they're open late.
Deserves the foodie street cred. Fabulous brunch...we tried a number of things on the menu and each was a big hit: biggest pleasant-surprise was the goat cheese bread pudding w/ watercress & teeny little savory mushrooms! Custard french toast w lavender honey strawberries & meyer lemon butter is as amazing as it sounds. Also, highly recommend little gems salad w/ kumquats, oven baked farm egg in tomato sauce, and buckwheat crepes with blood orange sauce. Pretty modern-rustic space too. Loved their linens, Heath ceramics and the drinking glasses too - they were kind enough to tell me where to find the water glasses. :)
Their food is wonderful. This place is great. Their cocktails are exciting. Caveat: noise levels - if you are bringing more than 2 people, you won't be able to hold a conversation.
Went here on a last minute whim. We were able to get right in and sat at the bar. The food was excellent, a little pricy though. As we sat down they presented us with a snack from the chef which was excellent. We shared a salad and the flatbread. It was perfect for a light dinner. The sommelier recommended the perfect Oregon Pinot Nior for us too. Definitely would go back. If you're on a budget sharing a few things is the way to go!
The food is really great. We haven't been here in a while because we felt the menu just didn't change enough. I had the duck which, the first few bites were good, and then it was just way too salty. All the other food was five stars good. The service was very average. The restaurant is very noisy and I could barely here my husband sitting across the table.
Quintessence.What could possibly beat a burger and some booze at the bar of NOPA!In fairness, the whole damned menu at NOPA deserves serious props here. But at this moment my memories are flooded with visions of burgers, booze and the NOPA bar.More to come when my tunnel vision subsides...
My mouth waters at the thought of their flat breads and grass-fed burger. We went at 11pm and it was hopping like a pre-recession NY hotspot - you'd never know this was the rather divey Western Addition neighborhood of SF! Look, there are gazillions of reviews here so I don't need to get into specifics. Needless to say, I will try and go here upon every return trip to SF.
Amazing - this is the best food I've had in years, probably since dining at Patrick O'Connell's Inn at Little Washington.To begin with, NOPA has a fully stocked bar. I've got 12 different rums sitting on my shelf at home and NOPA had two that I hadn't ever seen before. They've also got a great selection of bourbon & rye and some talented bartenders. From the looks of the counter, they make their own bitters, too.As for the food, the selection is a good array of American fare, a few meats, fish, pasta, and a vegetarian entree or two. I had a pork chop and it was by far the best cut of pig I've ever had. I rarely see pork chops on menus, probably because most Americans had the same childhood experiences with the meat thoroughly cooked. Since today's hogs don't feature trichinosis, cooking the meat properly (read: medium rare) is perfectly fine - and NOPA's chef knows how to do it.I'm something of an ice cream lover, and try it wherever I go. Again I was surprised by something new at NOPA. While I've had salted caramel ice cream before, never had I experienced black pepper caramel. It is delicious.
Nothing but the best serviceOrganic and made to orderPeople friendly to the coreAttentive and great customer service.
MMM, MMM, MMM! Their magical, delicious drinks did me right and touched the sweet spot of my belly! Forget the "foreplay" (appetizers and entrees), let's move towards my sweet spots...I prefer eating at the bar, since there's more action than looking at someone eat (no offense, hubby)... The bartenders are amazing and friendly!I have to admit I went there a couple of times, just for the drinks. I order my usual: Old Cuban.I once ordered 2 Old Cubans... actually I'll admit I had 3, which were refreshing, if you like mojitos with champagne,2 of the Blue Coffee martini (forgot the name of it) - I'm not a martini kind of woman, but the bartender was right, it is like me being addicted to crack!
food is great, but your servers--a sign of everything wrong with this city. unreal people, with no real sense, style or sensibility. just smug attitudes stolen off the shelf from people who actually set the trends... it's get old. because knowing about all the good stuff that goes in that grass-fed burger--doesn't automatically make a server as good as that burger. and talking down to a patron who asks why the 'green garlic cream' is green--is only funny if your server is Dr. Seuss.food is one thing, and i actually think you deserve all the good reviews you get. but i also believe *everything* has to be earned.
NOPA's got legit food. BEST. Pork. Chop. EVER. The fish I had that evening (one of the specials) was also mouthwatering goodness. Our party also ordered the liver as an appetizer. I'm a girl that likes liver... and NOPA delivered. Excellent service. Great ambiance. Parking can be tricky, but I highly recommend finding a spot on Fell or the other side of the park on Oak. Be sure to make reservations in advance.
I have been wanting to come here for a while now so I tried it out I had the flatbread which was pretty good along with the great wine pairings the bartender offered. Reservations are highly recommended for this place I ate at the bar and probally waited a good 40 min to steal a seat... the place is loUD.. .... Stephan You deserve to be a bartender not a barback... Workin hard back there!!! Thanks for a Great Time!!!   I will Be back!!!
NOPA is by far my favorite place to eat in San Francisco! First of all the food is great. If you're a burger eater you have to try the Grass Fed Burger. Sure I admit there are a lot of great places to get a burger around town but NOPA's burger is always consistent in taste and quality. If Burgers aren't your thing the the Braised Ribs or the Rotisserie Chicken are two things you can never go wrong with.One of the other great things is the place is open late. There've been many times when I've got there after 11 and the place is packed but I've never waited more than 5 to 10 minutes for a table. Of course you can't forget the good vibe and the great wait staff too!
I hadn't been to NOPA since just after it opened a few years ago... And it's still just as impressive now as it was then.I was on a date with a boy who suggested we go there. I was pretty excited because I hadn't been there in awhile. I looked at the menu online (the only thing I could remember having there were the Baked Giant White Beans - which are AWESOME) and was excited to find Meyer Family Syrah on the wine list. When we arrived the place was packed. We had a reservation and they seated us promptly. Of the two previous times I'd been to NOPA, I always got a table downstairs... This time we got a table upstairs, just over the kitchen area. What a perfect table for a first date for two people who are really into people watching and taking photos... Oh... and FOOD. Or server was nothing short of exceptional. I wish I would have got her name, as she totally deserves some big ups. For starters we ordered the Giant White Beans and the Toasted Farro Soup (with lamb! It was SOOO GOOD and also went very well with my wine!). We had asked her what was especially tasty that night as far as entrees went. She said the Canneloni, which is what I ordered. It was almost like she was reading my mind. I like that in a server!!! The VCB (Very Cute Boy) had the Rotisserie Chicken and we also got French Fries to share. We then proceded to take photos of each other and people down below. The food was excellent (as it had been on my two previous visits) and the service, as I mentioned, was outstanding.The only reason I'm not givng NOPA 5 stars is because it's so damned NOISY. There were cackling drunkies downstairs that we could hear all the way across the room. I guess that's how it is when you have such a large open space, but yeah... I'll be back!
A few different seating options here: the community table, which is the giantic table to your left as you enter that seats like 15 or something like that; the "bar" near the chef, where you can watch the frantic concoctions or delectable cuisines going down; or one of the tables on the ground floor or better yet, a table for two on the second floor which affords a view of the clientel. The girl and I came here for our 3rd anniversary, got a table on the second floor. This was a while ago so I remember getting chicken and ribs, don't quite remember whose was whose but damn it was pretty dang good and tender. I tend to be overwhelmed by seasoning in american cuisine, even the fancy places, since i eat pretty bland, but the seasoning was perfectly balanced. I also had a beer and the girl had a cucumber gimlet which was a pretty tasty drink. It's close enough to Alamo square that you can take a stroll before or after dinner as well. I have read that peoplle in the neighborhood come here regularly, which is great if you can afford it, the food is definitely worth it.
I realized in reading my initial review that I made no mention of the food here. And while alcohol is considered a meal (at least in my book), the food here is tops and deserves a review update fo sho!Let's put it this way. I have never had a bad meal here. And I have eaten here over 20 times. The meat dishes, awesome. The rotisserie chicken, delicious. The salad with the bacon and the egg, ahhhmaaazing. The burger, oh my. The flat bread and its ever changing combination of toppings, incredible! Seriously, I think it is next to impossible not to have a good meal here.Couple that with the great service, the super friendly staff, the communal table and the excellent wines and cocktails and you have a total home run!
Yes, I am a fan. NOPA has quickly become one of our neighborhood favorites. Easy parking, check. Lively and trendy bar scene, check. Fantastic food, check. Late night dining, check check check! Speaking of check, it is a little pricey for what you get and the service is sometimes hit or miss. You'll love the fantastic appetizers, and they seem to change things up a bit. My husband almost always orders their rotisserie herb chicken, and Iove their sea bass as well as the Moroccan vegetable tagine...heaven! Great for couples and double dates (although if the bar is a little too loud for you, you can get a table upstairs). Make a reservation before 9, or walk in for late night dining. They serve until 1am!
Once you get past the churlish hostess (man, someone unwedge her wedgie, please), NOPA is one of the best "San Francisco" restaurants in the city. I love sitting at the communal table, people watching and eating at my leisure. The waitstaff are incredibly friendly and knowledgeable without being intrusive or rude (hello, hostess! I'm harkening back to our many meetings). And the menu is always veggie freindly, stressing local and organic produce that isn't overworked or labored beyond recognition. I wasn't wild about the Spanish cider that I tried last time, but the rest of the meal was so divine. Don't skip dessert: the pastry chef lends a delicate hand to cakes, cremes, and cookies.
Wow, the kitchen is open late for a place like this!? What!?I remember my first time here, 1am and we were standing around outside looking at their menu trying to decide if we should go in or not as people rushed past in ahead of us. Finally, a couple of guys said to us as they were walking in, "don't worry, it's good!". So, in we go and was immediately surprised by how packed it was! A welcoming maitre d' managed to sit us upstairs right away, and were even greeted by a sommelier. Impressive! Butternut squash is one of my absolute favourites, and this place served me the best one I've had so far. It was simply prepared wooden smoked and it was to die for! The rotisserie chicken was a miss for me, but all the other food I've had were very flavourful. I've recommend this place in the past and will continue to do so..
I am constantly amazed at the crowds wanting to sit, eat, and drink. While I find the food decadent, I am always entertained at the diners - especially when you sit at the bar. If you decide to sit at the bar, you are with friendly or unfriendly company. I call them vultures - waiting to snag your seats, commenting on when you may plan to leave and staring at your food.Is it worth the wait? Maybe. Depends if you are up for the wait.
I've been wanting to try this place forever, and finally went last night. The reviews are true -- get the pork chop! We also started with the goat cheese appetizer, which was yummy. I did walk out smelling like food (open kitchen), which was not that pleasant, but no biggie.
Just got home from a wonderful, 3 course, 2 hour dinner here with my wife. It was fantastic. Everything we wanted it to be. Our meal: 1. Fennel sausage flatbread. (5 stars)2. Burger, med. rare, blue cheese and bacon (4 stars)3. Herb roasted chicken (5 stars)4. Poppyseed and Cornmeal Shortcake with Buttermilk Ice Cream, Necterine and Blackberries (4 stars)5. Coffee (4.5 stars)I felt everything lived up to what we wanted it to be. There was nothing on the plates that didn't belong, and nothing that belonged that wasn't on the plate. The chicken was served with a fantastically dressed side salad and yellow watermelon. The burger with fresh-cut fries.Thoughts:1. We made reservations. Do this. It's busy. 2. The cocktails were strong and fairly priced for a restaurant ($10/ea)3. The atmosphere was delightful. 4. I am not usually an very focused eater, but my wife and I shared each of our plates almost tapas style and across everything I felt myself savoring the major flavor combinations in each bite. Worst part of the meal? The shortcake was too big for the amount of ice cream. Give me less shortcake or more ice-cream. Seriously that's the biggest complaint I have. Best Part? The skin on the chicken was amazing. Perfectly crisp. The fresh herbs were rubbed under the skin and were plentiful. The meal had excellent pacing, great service, etc. Going back. Next time I'll probably have either the duck breast or the pork chop. Probably the duck breast. If they could do that with chicken skin......
Potential diners, this is your NOPA Guide. I spent two hours in here researching, imbibing, and observing. So come on, one of you start reading and the other one of you get on the phone and start trying to make the reservation! DO:*the elderflower Gimlet (not on the menu)*say yes to the free sparkling water. They aren't trying to trick you.*the 39-dollar bottle of Loire Valley La Jalousie white...a wine our server downsold us to (more on her in a minute)*the marinated olives*pass on the vegetable tagine. It's not that tasty & has a rusty flavor. Snuggle close to avoid a game of Heiny-Bump with the staff and passing patrons of NOPA if you're at a central table. Unless you like playing Heiny-Bump. (Hey, we all do until we play it with the wrong person!)  Cross your fingers or request Desiree when you make the reservation. She was spectacular. I mean it. We were with a birthday crew, so there was a lot of seat-shuffling and food-sharing. She was so on top of it, subtly slipping in and re-marking silverware at our new places, never appearing bothered or annoyed. I haven't seen any other server do this, ever.   She was able to explain how the flavors of their greens were getting sweeter at this point of the season, and offered to make dishes vegan to accommodate our preferences. Empty glassware never stayed long on the table, and I noticed she was personally responsible for that, rarely employing the use of backwaiters or bussers. I could go on and on about how great she was, but really, you should just go see for yourself. Get dessert(s). Sopapillas came with some heavenly mystery dip in a small pitcher that I would happily add rum to and shoot for some holiday fun. Tear a corner off the sopa, pour in the sauce, and prepare to ruin your shirt/scarf/dress. It's explosively messy but, wow, worth sacrificing any garment for. I guess there's always a fork.  You will be gleeful enough when you leave to forget how bad your feet may hurt from the walk. No valet parking may turn even the most die-hard Choo & Louboutin enthusiasts into flip-flop packin' mamas.   Bring your wallet, back-up wallet, and Defcon-X emergency-only credit card.   It will SO be worth it!
I've been here twice and I get the hype. Good ambiance, popular place, and friendly, knowledgeable staff. The drinks are phenomenal. I'm only short on one star because I want to come back again for more food. I don't feel I can give 4 stars based on only one meal. I had the burger and it was as amazing as everyone said it would be. I ordered a medium rare, and guess what I got? Medium rare. It's just too often the temperature is overcooked on burgers elsewhere so this was a nice departure from that. The fries were also delicious and can someone please give me the recipe to that dipping sauce? I will DEFINITELY be back, and in fact, I can't wait. I'll be sure to up that review to five stars if the meal is as equally gratifying as my last.
Nothing spectacular. The flatbread with fennel sausage was great, but the hamburger and pork chop were unimpressive. Pumpkin souffle cake was more like cornbread in texture.
Food is good. Service is great! It is just weird to have eggs on the menu for lunch. We came at 2:15 and the menu consisted of mostly eggs. That is way too 'breakfasty' for me. Will come back to try dinner.
This place is great. I've been here before and really enjoyed their food, but this review is from the perspective of a lone whisky drinker looking to kill some time while waiting for friends on the Divis strip. Unfortunately there was no sitting room available at the bar, but regardless a bartender offered me a menu as soon as I walked up. I selected the Edradour 10, which I had just learned about at a tasting event a few days earlier, and asked for a little bit of water to go with it. He brought my drink post-haste, a good pour and a straight-up beaker of water for me to make my own mix with, and I happily stood there and sipped while people watching.The most interesting thing about Nopa: people here are fucking friendly. The hostesses were friendly, the bartenders were friendly...hell I even got smiled at by some of the women at the bar. It's like a little bit of some friendly place in the cold, black heart of San Francisco.
Nopa is good, but for some reason I don't love this place. I like it. The food is solid and consistent with a strong Mediterranean influence. It's very good food, beautifully presented but it seems to be missing flavor. I've been to Nopa twice. We've had parpadelle, goat cheese & mussels for appetizers. We've also had fish & lamb here. I do like the space. It's open, modern but warm and it has a nice energy. The "community" tables are aesthetically nice, although I wouldn't want to sit on a big table and eat with a bunch of strangers.The service is outstanding here. The last time we were there, we only had 45 minutes to eat as we were going to a show that evening. The waiter was very accommodating and made sure we got everything as quickly as possible without rushing us. Nopa is extremely popular so go early.
Worth the hype. Organic. Wood-fired, rustic goodness.I know, I'm offering nothing you couldn't have read in the other 1,000+ reviews. But it's not always about you, you know.Sometimes it's about me.For my birthday dinner, J brought me to NOPA for a fan-tastic 20-something celebration meal. The flatbread fennel sausage and gruyere appetizer was a fancy little pizza that was really good, though a bit heavier than I thought a starter would be. The much-lauded country pork chop (soft and perfectly cooked) with butter beans and grilled apples in vinaigrette was all it promised to be. Burnt honey ice cream with apple crisp? They're taking a page from Bi-Rite with that nifty flavor.Meanwhile, I almost snatched a burger plate away from a server after seeing one float by. That's on deck for my next visit.Our waitress knew the perfect reds to pair with our meals (J's chicken was soft and tasty also), and stayed comfortably in-touch, but out of the way.It's a really well-apportioned space with great atmosphere. Nice mod SF murals on the walls and impressive high-celinged room (that might have been a hardware store? Or a Blockbuster? My sources are unsure).I have no idea how much it was, but he says it was manageable. Go to Nopa: I'm pretty sure it's well worth the price. (There's a slogan, eh?)
I was in SF for a week for work. On Tuesday night, my boss' San Franciscan bff recommended NOPA as the place to try. So we went without reservations and of course, the place was packed. We put our names down and the server kindly took a cell number, so she can call us when a seat was open. How nice, huh? About 90 minutes later, we were called. --FOOD--We sat at the Chef's bar and got to see all of the action from prep to plating. It's an awesome seat, by the way, you can chat with some of them and see what's popular. Here's what we ate:Amuse bouche00. Bruschetta with celery root hummus dip, served with flat sea salt (complementary) Appetizers01. Salad of warm chicories, house smoked bacon, poached egg and pomegrante ($9) -- good02. Wood roasted calamari, fennel, orange and kalamata olives ($9) -- yum, my fav03. Salt cod fritters and sauce romesco ($9)Main entree04. Grass fed hamburger, pickled onions and french fries ($12) -- yum05. Seared duck breast, celery root, bloomsdale spinach and rainbow carrots ($25) -- on my short list of place that make good duck. I've tried ducks at tons of different restaurants, you've gotta order it. It's so good.Dessert06. Sopaipillas with burnt orange caramel ($8) -- fluffy pastery puffs... sooo good07. Pecan tart with "smoke and whisky" ice cream ($8)Drinks08. Blonde Disguise ($9) - cenever, fancoli limocello, orange bitters, cava -- it was okay, not as fruity as I thoughtEverything was really good. Simple, rustic, and colorful food on white dishes.--SERVICE--It was attentive and friendly. --AMBIANCE--Modern neighborhood vibe, love the high ceilings, and loft space feel.--PRICE--Prices are good for SF. Good food and fair prices. --HOW TO EAT ON A BUDGET--Don't go crazy and order tons of appetizers like we did. Bar snacks, aka Happy Hour, is from 5 to 6 PM.--OVERALL--One of my fav meals in SF. Will definitely go back and share the love with my friends... lol. Like over 1100 of other Yelpers. Fyi, make sure you make reservations if you'd like a table.
What can I say that isn't good about NOPA - quickly my top reasons for this being my favorite bar and restaurant.1) Friendly staff who is both down to earth and knowledgeable about food and drink.2) Best value in the city when it comes to sit down restaurants. It's not dirt cheap, but the quality is so worth it. Every time I seem to go out to other places I think 'I just paid about as much as I would have at NOPA and at NOPA my meal would have been way tastier'.  3)The drinks!!! What can I say, they know how to make a good cocktails. The cocktail menu continue to change and everything that is new is as good or better than what has come and gone. 4) Great selection of spirits and good wine5) Damn good burger6) Open late7) Good bloody mary.  *******Bloody Mary Review************It's funny, for a while now I haven't reviewed NOPA since I hadn't tried their bloody. Well I recently finally did. I was worried that it might not be that good, since they aren't even open till 5pm and you might not even expect them to be able to make one. Well, NOPA continue to amaze me - was one of the best I've had. This is the first bloody mary I have had in awhile that was not only good, but took the flavor profile slightly off kilter from traditional.  I'd say the last 10 bloody marys I've tried have either been good, but very traditional, or just bad. The one at NOPA had flavors that were complex, but still balanced. The bartender mentioned they have a special spice blend they use - sorry I've forgot the exact ingredients. One other plus is that it came with some of their fresh olives and huge cocktail onions. My only complaint would be that it didn't come in a larger glass. =)Now if they just stated opening early and serving brunch - ah I can only hope and dream. Cheers!Read some of my other Bloody Mary reviews at:yelp.com/list_details?li
Top-notch American cuisine. Adam Wardlow recommended and he was right. In fact, Adam is always right about SF food so if you know Adam, you're set. Great Belgian beer. Delicious flatbread and salads. The duck leg coated with chorizo was SUPERgood. The burger was also great. Only reason I didn't give 5 stars was because the annoying petty hostess wouldn't let my friend plank on the hostess stand. We did anyway when she went to seat someone.
Really amazing food. Have not had a bad plate yet. Try to get a table upstairs so you can snoop on the kitchen.
Had a birthday dinner there with a party of 8. 4/30/13 We had halibut, Pasta with peas and sausage. some appetizers. All were good and well prepared with very fresh ingredients. Service was good. We got there at 6p left at 9:30 the place was packed with people waiting.
The food is tasty and yummy. It has a very fun young ambience. The first time I went there, I just sat at the bar, had couple of drinks and appetizer, it was great.
Once, my car got repossessed. The tattooed men came in the middle of the night while my family was sleeping, and hooked my car up to their tow truck. I raced outside in my pajamas. "I've never missed a payment, why are you taking my car?!" I shrieked. Finally, my stepfather intervened. Instead of telling them to give me back my car, he raised his hands up in the air and shouted, "We respect your job, Sir. And we'll comply!" Then, out of the side of his mouth, he whispered, "I've seen 'Repo Man' on television, they like it when people respect them. They think I'm cool." Who cares if they think you're COOL, they're STEALING my CAR!!!!In the morning, after a night filled with picking up my belongings from the driveway (they'd emptied my trunk) and sobbing into my pillow, I phoned the Bank - and unleashed the Janney B. fury. They gave me my car back, admitted their error (I'd never missed a payment). and apologized.Their apology was a little hard to accept. But now, it's my turn to apologize:  NOPA, I'm sorry for not believing the hype. I'm sorry for hanging up on your reservation line 30 times. Not being able to leave a message or make a reservation in the morning makes me a little ornery.I'm sorry for showing up an hour early for our 9:30 pm Saturday reso. We didn't mind the wait, since we drank at the bar like champs. My Wash House cocktail with a sprig of thyme was the fave and hung me out to dry.I'm sorry for taking up the best table in the house - A relatively quiet two-seat corner table upstairs, overlooking the entire restaurant and kitchen. Perfect for people watching. I'm sorry for scarfing down the baked lima beans with breadcrumbs (just as good as we'd heard.) and inhaling the baked pasta, but being too full to eat the chicken (but it looked and smelled delicious!). The portions are very generous here.I'm sorry for singing Happy Birthday while the chef washed his hands next to me. I'm not used to wash sinks being outside the restroom. I wanted to see if he washed his hands long enough, and he totally did! That's hot.
How appropriate to have my welcome back to SF meal at Nopa after being away in NYC for 4 months. I've been wanting to try this place since my foodie friends have raved to me about it. My best friend was so sweet to take me here. It truly lived up to expectations!We got here early on a Wednesday night, before dinner service was available, so we headed to the bar for a drink. When they were ready to seat us, Amy and I opted to sit in front of the kitchen to watch the action. We split two appetizers, shared an entree, along with a desert:-little fried fish-warm chicory salad with bacon, poached egg, pomegranate and walnuts-housemade tagliatelle-burnt orange pot de cremeEverything tasted incredibly good! My friend and I had so much to catch up on, that we let our main dish sit until it was cold. We asked a server if he could have it warmed up. He looked at us a little funny, but brought it back to the kitchen and returned with a hot plate of pasta. They didn't rush us out of there as the restaurant filled up and patrons waited for our coveted seats. I really appreciated the down-to-earth attitude of the service. People were friendly and approachable. Amy even struck up a conversation with one of the chefs. You'd expect such a "trendy" restaurant to have obnoxious service, but not at all. And the prices are so reasonable! I can't wait to bring the bf here.
Finally made it to the infamous NOPA! Had been wanting to go for a while, but I was a little nervous that it might be overhyped. Conclusions: It may be a tad bit overhyped, but I had a great experience. Drinks while waiting for a table were good, wine was delicious (great wine list), and the duck I had was cooked perfectly. Foodies should definitely check this place out as they experiment a lot with mixing different flavors and are successful at it. Found it funny that all the waiters were dressed to their full hipster potential instead of in uniforms like other expensive restaurants, but I guess that's what gives the place it's neighborhood flair. At least they didn't act like affected hipsters...
In my three years of living in San Francisco, all I've heard is NOPA this and NOPA that. It took me this long to finally set foot in this place and see what the hype is all about. I can't say that I was blown away; but then, you may ask, why the 5 stars? I think this place, for what it offers, deserves 5 stars. It is probably the best of its kind. You will be getting the best value in terms of quality and flavor for what you are paying. I've only had a bite of my friend's grass-fed burger but that bite was amazing. My roast chicken dish, while flavored on the bland side (i am a spicy food girl) was perfectly moist and tender, and the cucumber bread salad was ingenious (I need to try to make this at home).I even dared to order a Blue Bottle coffee martini on a weeknight! It was worth every hour that I stayed awake tossing and turning in bed because of the caffeine. I have nothing to say about the appetizers and the dessert except delicious. And our server was the coolest guy ever. He was attentive (not overbearing), was honest about his menu item preferences and made some great recommendations. I should have given him my number.
talk about the best pork chop ever. Something close was when I was living in Germany and knew a place that served the best "Speizzbraten". Easily this beats that experience.The place is elegant and has a nice vibe to it. You can tell ppl there are of the well to do class but service to us.. not that well to do folks was just the same. Liked it, loved it, wants more of it.
I learned a couple of things dining here:-It's impossible to surprise someone with dinner when you're more excited to eat somewhere than anyone else.-Then I learned that NOPA actually lived up to the glowing image that I and others had built of it in my head.It is contemporary American dining and it is delicious. While the menu changes constantly, I can tell you that I had one of the most delicious pork chops I had ever eaten here. In fact, this meal is what inspired my (now failed) month-long pork binge. My surprised-but-not-really-surprised date had the duck which is what I secretly wanted to order myself. When I saw her eyes close and face relax, savoring her first bite, I was convinced she was just acting. After all, I couldn't tell that she was not at all surprised that we came here! But even she can't fake it that well because it was equally as tender and delicious. Everything else was just right - good service, cool decor, clean restaurant. Just make sure you make reservations because it was completely packed inside. Otherwise you will get the not so nice surprise of unfulfilled hunger and you'll have to eat at Popeye's across the street.
Open late, this is a great place for good quality casual dining or to just grab a cocktail for the night...Ordered: Hemingway Cocktail- fantastic cocktails and helpful bartendersSeasonal Salad- good mix of ingredients, did bite down on a piece of walnut shell which had somehow made its way in the salad, not cool...Baked White Beans- casserole with tomato, feta, oregano, topped w/breadcrumbs, could be a little less soupy but a good appetizer choiceFried Brussel Sprouts- slightly burnt lending an overly bitter taste to the sprouts, parmesan encrusted but was expecting a bit of additional sauce or spice, would not recommend..Grass-Fed Hamburger w/Guyere Cheese, Pickled Onions, and Fries- although this was a tasty juicy burger and nice paired with the melted guyere, I wouldn't say it was the "best I've ever had" or life-changing as some reviews suggest...Warm Cookies w/Almond Milk- trio of hazelnut macaroon, snicker-doodle, and dark chocolate cookies...a bit boring, with the "warm" label I was expecting some melted gooey chocolate at least, would go with a different dessert option next time aroundAtmosphere:Liked that there were various options for seating: communal table, bar counter, along the kitchen, or regular tables down/upstairs...packed but not too loud, still good ambiance, will be back!
Warm goat cheese w/ beets and crostini was delicious! I also had a glass of pinot noir, which was overpriced and underwhelming, but the food made up for it. I look forward to going back and trying some of the yummy looking desserts next time. Definitely recommend reservations since it gets packed!
Sorry, it's just not that good. Mediocre and over priced food and average service. I was expecting more because it's usually so crowded and hard to get a reservation but I think that's more because they're open late. The atmosphere was like a a brewery. The table spacing was poor downstairs. The server did not time the food well at all. Then the food was ok, but really not great. In addition I left feeling hungry and I had an appetizer to myself, an entree and a dessert to myself AND no I'm not a big person, or a big eater.Total disappointment, I feel like a sucker for falling for the crowd mentality that made me think this place was good.
NOPA is my clear current favorite for restaurants in San Francisco. It has good interior design, professional service, and the food is very unique and well prepared. Some people may be put off by the location, but I actually enjoy the neighborhood quite a bit. Do budget ample time, however, to find parking.
Creative, tasty dishes, warm ambiance, and friendly staff. The wait and slow service on a busy night can be a little annoying but are small bumps in an otherwise great dining experience.
For the amount of hype NOPA gets, the food does not quite live up to its name. I went there last night at 12 because I was told it was impossible to get a table after 6 and before 11, so I was pretty hungry and I was really pumped. Perhaps for these reasons my expectations were bound for disappointment. I found the food to be pretty good but not fantastic. I ordered a couple appetizers and the burger. The menu boasts about the large baked beans, but let's just say they're beans run size average. The burgers are pretty good. I loved their pickled onions, but they're fries were no better than an average Diner's. Great selection of wines and drinks I must say, and the red wine I had was delicious. Sadly, the waiter knocked the dregs of a wine glass on me, but he was super sweet about it and gave the table chocolate cookies and this incredible sweet almond milk. What the hell was in that milk? It tasted like crack juice! NOPA has a good ambiance, great drinks, and nice food if you're down to shed some cash. Also, they're one of the few restaurants that serve food late. Don't get your expectations too high, however, their reputation exceeds their quality.
I have been meaning to write a review for NOPA but never got around to it. Since I had such an awesome late lunch yesterday that it warrants a review. First off, the service was great - our waiter was attentive without being a bother. The food was delish - the French Toast was to die for, the burger was spectular and the green chorizo with hominy was definitely memorable! Overall a good choice for brunch/lunch place even though it's a lil pricey but oh well, it was a birthday lunch so it was all worth it. BTW - The orange cocktail with campari was refreshingly tasty - a must try.
In a mere two weeks I'll be moving from Hayes Valley to Russian Hill, and my greatest regret is that I'll be out of walking range from Nopa. While dinner reservations are best made well in advance (especially if you like to eat before 11:00pm), it's the perfect spontaneous destination for a late night drink (the blue bottle martinis are killer), or if you want to stake out a spot at their massive communal table. That this restaurant is still packed at midnight is testament to it's menu - the wood baked white beans appetizer is hearty and delicious, and there's currently a seasonal autumn squash side that's a must-have. Unfortunately, I can't recommend much in the way of entrees beyond the black cod, since I've never been able to force myself to order anything else. Desserts are equally phenomenal, if you have room. The waiters have always made excellent recommendations for a bottle of wine (or two), so if you're feeling inspired you can stumble down the block to Madrone, or to Ziryab for a hookah nightcap. Or just loiter at Nopa, since it's open until 1:00am, even on weekdays. I'll definitely be making the cross-city pilgrimage from RH.
Best pork chop ever. Enough said.Okay, okay, I'll say a few more things. But all amazingly great things! I love that they have an area reserved for first-come-first-serve seating. I went on a Monday night with my mom and we were able to get in after only like a 20 minute wait, not too shabby. We had some sort of egg-topped tomato dish served with crusty bread. Almost anything is improved with an egg, and this was no different. Everything was delicious--this place definitely lives up to all the other great reviews.
Three of my friends and I had dinner at Nopa this past weekend and it far exceeded my expectations. The food is outstanding, very fresh and flavorful, and the restaurant is very modern, chic, and perfectly lit inside. One of my friend's and I had the famous pork chop and it was one of the best pork chops I have had, along with Ad Hoc's pork chop in Napa. The pork chop was moist, and perfectly seasoned, with no need to add salt or pepper. Another friend had the grass fed hamburger and fries in which he said was one of his favorite hamburgers in the city. Lastly, one friend enjoyed the Housemade Tagliatelle with sausage, carrots, and Brussels sprouts.The service was top notch, with our waiter ensuring we enjoyed our meals and refilling our water glasses several times during our visit. Nopa proved to be an excellent choice for a Friday evening dinner with close friends.
When the shows end at the Independent, I am just not quite ready to call it a night. Nor am I in any condition to paint the entire town red. NoPa satisfies the craving to pour after thoughts about the show to my friends.Thank goodness NoPa is a stone's throw away from the Independent and opened later than most SF restaurants (1AM). Although we are still hyper-active and still coming down from a natural high after a great show, the congenial hosts takes our walk-in with grace and is able to keep up with our rabid conversation. I have yet to wait longer than 15 minutes for a table. I have sat all over the restaurant, and I find the best seat is in front of the brick oven. I have a tendency to stare at what comes out of that brick oven and drool.This is the only place where I will ever order a rum drink, as the drinks are solid. And the best dish to share is the flat bread. The most recent rendition had caramalized onions, butternut squash, cheese, and kale, perfect autumn opener. Every single dish comes out piping hot, a rarity in American food. So be very careful not to burn your palate. And my friend is putting in 1 million votes to bring back the lamb riblets, please pretty please.
My four stars might be a biased review, due to the fact that I was feeling under the weather otherwise it may have been a five. In celebration of our undying love (spew!) for one another we were promptly greeted and seated almost immediately. As a french fry aficionado they were crisp and salted to perfection and everything else was great.The service was also quite impressive. As I couldn't hold down most of my food or wine for that matter we had quietly asked for the waiter if he could kindly pack it up, which he generously did and the best part about it was he recorked our bottle of wine for us take home. Heart.
The food is amazing for the price. Only let down was our waiter.... I mean he was nice enough but we hardly saw him, not that I need my arse kissed or anything like that. Being a little friendlier could have gone a looonnnnng way.... The tip would have let him know how I felt about his service, but my friend treated. Food: Fried boneless little fishes (i think smelt) - yummy Tomato bisque - good, but very natural and healthy tasting... lol Friends Halbut - good, but nothing amazing (I know I use "amazing" a lot, and will continue) My pork chop!!! - was AMAZING, it is the cleanest tasting, thickest, juiciest, perfectly cook piece of pork I've even had. Still remember the taste even after a year! Dessert - good Drinks: Nice and different selection - that's good The space and energy of the entire place charged, in a good way. Love the HIGH ceiling. Though the walk to the restroom cramped and the tables were too close for my liking, I would go back for sure (omg, like totally) ;D
I can't give this place fewer stars because it is wonderful in every way. NOPA is exactly what I look for in a restaurant: unpretentious, nice atmosphere, good, nay, amazing food, quality without overcharging. In a restaurant of this caliber I expect to pay over $20 a plate. The fact that I didn't is incredible. The menu changes seasonally. Great idea. More restaurants should do this. We live in California, home of the year-long growing season. We have no reason to eat outside of seasons here. NOPA is an excellent example of how to do this effectively without boring the pants off your patronage. Kudos. My friend and I each ordered an appetizer. We had the flatbread and another, which I don't remember (apologies). Both were fantastic, especially the one that I don't remember the name of, but the flavor will stay with me forever. Retrospectively, I was full after splitting these, but I'm glad I also had the grass-fed hamburger, even if I was only able to consume a few bites before having it packed up. The beef tasted like beef should: hearty and flavorful with a slight hint of blood and it was a reminder that what we feed our food influences its taste. We didn't have room for dessert, (obvs) but I will return. I think it's going to be a great place to take my husband for our anniversary. I'm looking forward to drinking in the nice after-work vibe at the friendly wooden bar, or perhaps the bird's eye view from the intimate mezzanine again. Can't wait.
i came with no reservation (absolutely not recommended) and the waiting was long after one hour a table was ready.. i ordered the grass fed burger and was great .. but what i enjoyed the most was the sause came with it.. amazing!!!!!the staff were friendly and nice and the atmosphere were awesome
Frickin good chicken :). Its rare that I order chicken at restuarants, and even more rare that the chicken I order is good, but wow. Decor is interesting - fine dining treatment by the waitstaff, but with a hipster/edgy feel to it (kitchen towels instead of napkins).Great food - the pork chop was pretty good, too - instead of bread & butter, we got a taste of hummus with a tiny piece of bread instead.
We stopped here for drinks on the way to Tsunami. Two words: Old Cuban. These were so potent, I forgot the rest of the night.But I didn't forget NOPA. That's how good it was.
We had two orders of their famous pork chops and one came out perfectly cooked and the other one was dried and over cook. Overall, most of their dishes are very tasty. I wouldn't order the chicken again, it wasn't anything special.
Appetizer: Fava beans, feta & tomatoesMain course: Pan seared halibut on bed of greens, potatoes Cocktail: St. Innocent Pinot Noir - Willamette Valley, OregonWine: Audoin Chardonnay - FranceYou might miss this restaurant at first glance because it's in what appears to be an old bank. Upon entry, the high ceilings & tall windows provide an expansive atmosphere, with two levels of seating; a waiting/cocktail-sipping area; and a long bar. The noise level is moderately high, but conversations were able to be maintained quite easily at the table. Service was good - the waiter making several wine & menu suggestions that were spot on.Appetizer was unusual and tasty, and the sauce was not too acidic. The main course was perfectly cooked, with a mild sauce that complemented the delicate fish. A side dish of roasted cauliflower was also enjoyed. Guests at the table also raved about their salads (including roasted beets & frisee) and an outstanding hamburger & fries(!).I would definitely recommend this lively restaurant, and I'm keen to return to it.Parking: Street - rather difficult. Gets worse as the nightclub around the corner gets going. Suggest taking a cab, if possible.
I will definitly be coming back here!!! The food was soooo bomb. We came for my best friends B-day...and then went to the Anthony B show up the block...so fun!! The wait was about an hour without reservations...on a Thursday!!! so you know it's popular...but we all loved our delicious food...it was quite a treat. the homeade manicotti pasta was soooo amazing...probably the best I have ever eaten...and the chicken was so perfectly cooked...so tender and juicy...OMG!! Also the drinks were good, she made mine pretty strong...thanks = ) Also, the cooks were all very good looking....yummm
I LOVEDouble cut pork chopsSexy drinks -very innovative Lofty room with professional wait staff + cute :)Pizza quoting Rachel Zoe "I DIE" tmI LOVE ate here last year around this time... my heart aches.
This is one of my favorite brunch spots in the city! The french toast is absolutely to die for. Ingredients are fresh and you can tell. Make a reservation or expect to wait for 1.5 hours because it is always packed.
Sooo I heard alot of good things about this place.. i was really excited to finally try it... and when i did i wasn't wowed:( everything was just OK. But the only dish that actually stood out was the pork chop. I would probably just come back for the pork chop.
We made early reservations and it's the wise thing to do if you want to dine here. If the economy is doing poorly, you couldn't tell by the crowds waiting for a table at Nopa, part saloon, part restaurant. No big signs to help locate Nopa except for the small lettering on the door. It's on the corner of Divisadero and Hayes Street opposite Popeye's Fried Chicken.  When we arrived, there were a few folks already sitting & eating at the large community dining table by the door. The interior is huge, former home of a Bank of America branch. We were ushered upstairs which offers a great overhead view of the downstairs and away from the noise. We sat by the wall so our view was limited to the bar and the front door. As the evening wore on, the noise and volume escalated. And, because hot air does rise, it got uncomfortably warm to hot during dinner. We started off with some cocktails. The Floridita and Rum Train were OK and strong. My BFF had a drink with elderberry and it was hands down the best drink that evening, but requires special request as it's not on the menu We were given 4 "dragon beans" to sample with a container of crunchy sea salt.. Thin, light green beans which resemble wax beans, lightly sauteed in oil with enough red freckles on it to remind me of Pippi Longstocking. The flatbread was absolutely delish. A long flatbread cut into 6 slices (like pizza!) topped with vegts (watercress, onion) and bacon. We were served tap "sparking water" in a flask which was refilled several times. The red pepper soup was good. The best entree was the grilled pork chop with apples. It was a tad salty but moist and tasty. The French fries were crispy and wonderful. It too was over salted. My vegetarian Moroccan tangine was fair and the tomato sauce was tangy. I wouldn't order it again, 'tho. My friend's duck was tender and cooked just right. For dessert, we shared a small glass of ice cream malt, which was pretty good, accompanied by a 2x2 inch soft, choc brownie. Our friends had the apple cobbler a la mode. Overall, I felt the entrees were a bit too salty. There are 4 bathrooms, 2 for each sex with a toilet in each one. To wash your hands, you have to exit the room and head outside to the community wash trough with 3 faucets. A male customer said to me while I was washing my hands, "This makes washing your hands fun". Hmmm.....The salty food at Nopa's reminds me of a chemisty experiment. You add hipsters and salt into a beaker and heat over a Bunsen burner. After awhile, it gets hot and the hipsters get thirsty, so you add alcohol to the mix. More Bunsen time later, the hipsters get hungry and more salty food = more drinks = more noise = more heat. Evidently, the experiment works. My recommendations are the flatbread and juicy, succulent pork chops and French fries. If you wear auditory assistive devices, turn it down, you won't need the volume dialed up at Nopa's, they'll take care of that for you.
I haven't reviewed anything on YELP since they erased my review of Balboa Cafe a couple of years ago. Since then I've grown a little, and become a bit more tolerant of San Francisco's PC culture.I used to come here for business and now I live here full time and I have to say, the rumors about San Francisco having great food is so far...total bullshit. I've been to a number of restaurants that have had good reviews on Yelp that turned out to be just plain bad...horrible in one case. I haven't reviewed them because I feel bad directly contributing to the demise of places that are trying but just aren't going to cut it in the long run. Today I ate at a place that just needs to be cut down to size a little bit, wait I mean a lot.Sorry for the long preamble to what's going to be a short review. NOPA isn't that good. We made reservations at least 3 weeks before our dinner tonight which seems like the norm for this place. When we showed up the hostess wasn't friendly, and neither were the rest of the servers. We were rushed through our apps which included the Fig Salad, Warm Olives, and Fried Anchovies. The Date Salad was good but consisted of only two small figs and a tiny bit of greens. The warm olives and fried anchovies were about what you would expect, nothing special. I had the Pork Chop which was really good and the only reason why this place gets 3 stars instead of 2. We also had the Salmon which was undercooked and the Vegetable Tagine which was about 3 stars good.Oh, we also had the flat bread with the spicy fennel sausage which was good.Overall I guess I had high hopes for this place because the reviews were so good and because the odds of finally finding a great restaurant in San Francisco have to start turning my way, but it wasn't to be. I'm starting to miss NYC.
Definitely a fan! *Great Food*Great Wine *Lovely ambiance*Very very San Francisco! *Recommendation: Braised Duck Legs & Country Pork ChopNow I know the chops doesn't sound all that special but it was delicious!!! I don't eat much pork and rarely order it but our lovely server highly recommended it. Grand portion, perfectly cooked and excellently flavored!
I had a blast at NOPA. I really had a great meal at this restaurant, and I can't wait to go back. This restaurant is fun and beautiful. Loved it. I came on a Thursday night with friends from out-of-town. None of us had been here before so it was a new experience for all of us. We started out with appetizers. We ordered the mussels, goat cheese and flat bread. Everything was amazing. We ended up ordering 4 of the entrees and trying a little bit of every ones. We ordered the pork chops, the hamburger, the steak and the chicken. It all seems so simple, but its so good. Sometimes keeping in simple is keeping it legit. This place is great for a night out on the town. I'm in love and eager to come back
And now, for my 300th review! So I better say some very poignant and insightful things about NOPA, yes?I'm wavering between 3 and 4 stars, but what the heck... we'll go with 4.Well right off the bat, I had a bad feeling about this place because the hostess was incredibly rude to me both times I called and acted like I should feel uber-privileged to be allowed to dine there. Not a good way to start off the experience. The rudeness continued when we actually arrived for our reservation with an extra person. Yes, I understand that this might throw them off a bit, but still... no need for the attitude. Here's a little sample of our conversation:Me: "You know what, I'm sorry but it's actually a party of 5 now instead of 4."Hostess: "Five people? Well this is just really unexpected. We were under the impression that it was only 4 of you."Me: "I know, that's why I'm telling you now that there are 5 of us."Hostess: "Well, you know this might be an issue, now that this is a party of 5. We're just going to have see what is available. We really were only expecting 4 of you."Oh please.We eventually got a table upstairs, which was less loud and chaotic than the main floor, but felt a little isolated from the rest of the diners. I would have liked to check out the decor a bit - was definitely digging the colorful vibe.The menu has a lot of great options. Our table shared a flat bread and some bruschetta that were both delicious. I had the roasted chicken for my main course - also excellent. I was pleasantly surprised when the bill came, as I think it was about $40 each for dinner and drinks.I'd definitely come back here with friends (not sure the atmosphere lends itself to a date) either for drinks at the bar or dinner. Sitting at the communal table in the front of the restaurant also looks like a fun option.Bottom line: don't let the hostess's nauseating personality scare you off. The food is worth a little bit of 'tude.
After hearing from friends and seeing it on Check Please, been wanting to come here for the longest time.Well, Friday night, we finally did. As I walked in, I had a good impression. The two blonde hostesses were wonderful and although I didn't get her name, the one who informed us of our table was especially sweet, yet professional. Since we did not have reservations, I was elated to hear that the wait would only be a little over an hour, especially for a hot spot such as this one.I liked what they did with the decor and thought the clientele that Friday evening to be 'interesting', different from any other place I've seen...the expression Marina-Haight Hippie came to mind. Like the typical Outside Lands attendee ten years later. I had two Hangar 1 Citron and sodas ($9) and she a Dry Creek Zinfandel ($12). The bartender (I didn't get her name) was great and attentive. The wait went quickly and as a credit to the hostess, we were seated exactly when she had told us we would. I was impressed!Upon being seated, I ordered a "Valentino" Sangiovese-Montepulcciano ($14/glass) and later, another Hangar 1 Citron and soda. Little did I know how much I'd been needing those while seated there since my stellar experience was about to take a turn for the worse. My friend still had her other drink, an odd licorice tasting concoction made with absinthe called Dusk to Death. Anyway, neither of us was a fan and I kept encouraging her to order something else.I ordered the Country Pork Chop and she, with a burger craving, ordered their well-known burger with cheese. I also ordered the "Little Fried Fish with pimenton and preserved meyer lemon aioli appetizer ($10). The fish was fried perfectly...so crunchy, yet really tender inside.My pork chop was really good and I could truly taste what I believed to be the brining which really brought out the flavors of the pork. The chop was cooked perfectly, an art form in and of itself, and eating it was a most pleasant experience. Sadly, perhaps my hopes and expectations had been heightened by anticipation and my long wait to finally try this establishment. My pork chop was similar to, but size-wise, nothing like the gorgeous picture taken by Hannah C nor what I saw on television. My cut was neither fat nor thick and tall. Regardless, I enjoyed the flavor profile and just figured that it was the luck of the draw.Okay, now here's where it gets weird. The young blonde waitperson that we had was constantly tending to customers at surrounding tables and was so attentive to everyone...everyone but us. From where I sat, I could see her constantly coming and going and interacting with tables in the area. Taking orders, coming back to check, following up again, and essentially going to each table frequently, often four or five times...every table except ours. I couldn't figure it out...I'm such a nice guy and we were seated in a good spot on the upper level and not out in Siberia. The other tables in her wait area were just mere feet away from ours and yet we were completely ignored. She'd walk by and glance occasionally, but never came up to us again until the very end. In the meantime, we were constantly flagging down other people's waitpersons, busboys, and anyone we could get our hands on for service. Didn't ask anything special, just more drinks, a refill on water, normal things that we often take for granted while dining in a place other than fast food. It was really sad, but I figured she was just clueless. That theory was soon to be dispelled. When she finally appeared at our table (we later found out her name was Bethany), I good-naturely said in a humorous way (definitely not trying to be mean), "Who is this woman?" Well, at that point, she wasn't friendly at all and gave me major attitude. WTF?Afterwards, I got the impression that she said something to the other waitress (the other one was totally cool as was the rest of the staff) and so I actually thanked the other one for all she and the busboy did for us. A woman who I believe to be the manager overheard and was concerned. She was extremely caring and professional, but at that point I thought the whole thing embarassing, although I did tell her what had occurred. I told her that I understand that everyone has an off-day and speculated that perhaps the waitperson was having boyfriend problems, but that ignoring and then giving me attitude wasn't right. I wasn't going to complain, but I could tell she was genuinely concerned and wanted to know. All the staff that I came in contact with at Nopa was truly first-rate. Just can't figure out what happened there.Understandably, I have mixed feelings about the place now and won't be going back, regardless of it's popularity. This is not an expensive place, but when you still drop over $150 for dinner and drinks, one expects a certain level of service. SF is a dining mecca..there are plenty of other hot places to hit.
Oh hell yes - the porchetta practically melted in my mouth, and the warm goat cheese was frickin' delicious. Would go here more often if it wasn't so darn tough to get into!
Nopa used to be my favorite local spot for a burger and a beer with my neighbor Tom... But my Western Addition days are long behind me so I rarely make it over to enjoy Nopa now a days. I stopped in last weekend after missing a pig roast at Kezar then trudging down Haight street in search of food. Anyone who knows me knows that I am very particular about where I eat and when I want something I want it at that very moment... so after venturing halfway across the city in search of delicious roasted pig only to find that the event was over, to put it lightly I was not happy.But Nopa came to my rescue and my roommate and I were able to wonder in around 8:00pm on a Sunday with no reservation and still get a table with no wait. I always have a hard time deciding what to order. The chicken is awesome and is right up there with Zuni's, the Tangine is a great veggie selection, but the burgers are pretty much perfect.
Been here a couple of times now and although the menu is somewhat static ... it's consistently very good.I've had the tagine previously and that was excellent. More recently, I had the duck breast and it is fantastic with the wild mushrooms and get some Chateauneuf Du Pape for that. This time around though I went for the chop. And yes, it is melt in your mouth good. Quite impressive taste and flavor. Pork fat rules!!! With the fava beans and reduction, it is a very nice combination. My friend had the halibut and it too was nicely done (pan seared crispy outside and moist flaky inside). Niiice.Aps we had the polenta and squid salad. Probably not the best combo because they are such opposites, but both very nicely done. Polenta was mildly firm on the outside and creamy on the inside. Combined with the cheese sauce ... quite unique flavor. Squid salad was very refreshing and loaded with flavor as well. Squid was perfect and not firm at all.To go with all this, we took advantage of their strong wine list and ordered a bottle of the white Copain out of Paso Robles. It worked quite well. Flowery and crisp to work with the sweetness of the pork was a good offset.  They have a rather solid French wine list, because it pairs well with the food which has a tendency towards southern French / provencal with an American flair.The portions tend to be sizeable, so dessert was over the top after everything we had had up until then. But we split the cardamon pinch cake with ice cream and weren't disappointed. Light and just enough of a sweet treat.All in all, I'm still impressed. They really do a good job here. They know how to season things just right and their olive oil is really good and brings another dimension to the food as well.The bar is also quite impressive. We got here a little early and so we had to have a few aperitifs to warm our appetites. She had the rum sidecar and of course I had to have the sazerac (damn it in a tumbler glass next time please!). Both quite good. Not the best sazerac I've had, but very well done and nicely balanced.The space is quite large too and if you've been to Dosa on Fillmore it will remind you of the same kind of openess. The floor plan is well laid out and although a little cramped ... they do a good job in making the most out of what they have. Also ... the murals are a very nice touch and reflect the neighborhood of NOPA itself. Very cool.Finally, the service was prompt, courteous, and attentive. Very approachable as well and didn't mind our numerous questions. The pace was good and we didn't feel rushed at all. That makes a difference to me and scores points.Last but not least, given the quality of the overall experience I would say the prices are reasonable.Verdict: definitely recommended.
Oh my! What a delightful dinner at Nopa. My sister and I sat upstairs above the kitchen -- so fun to watch them cook. The pork chop and pappardelle was scrumptiously delicious and the desserts were even better. Another favorite: the hot chocolate!I have also heard the hamburger is the best. I will be back for another cocktail and burger to dine at the bar.
I wish that the portions were bigger and/or the prices were lower. If the food were not tasty, I would give this place 2 stars for its small-plates snobbery. (On the website, the restaurant advertises itself as "urban rustic food". WTF? I think that this phrase deserves mention on SWPL.) Fortunately, the food is damn tasty.My dining experience was rescued from yuppie pretension by the side dish of sauteed greens. They were grassy and fragrant and beautifully green and tasted like cannabis. Like comfort food for stoners.
Stopped by for a friends birthday a while back, had a bit of a wait although we had reservations, but the staff was pretty nice about it so it's all good. Pretty much came here for the grass fed hamburger with cheddar cheese, pickled onions and fries... and wasn't disappointed. Medium rare rare burger, fries, a glass of wine, and some good friends. Great way to spend a night!
Ive been here twice. I took my visiting family (from japan) here on the second time, hoping that it would be good. The food is mediocre at best, and their appetizers are too "unique" that it was hard to enjoy. Its definitely a place to go when you're feeling adventurous, but not somewhere you should go when you want good, solid food. I hope to not go back here again.Great wine selection though.
Best pork chop ever....EVER. I can't wait to go back again!The calamari was a very good appetizer, and my husband's burger was pretty damn tasty as well. The place was PACKED on a Friday night, so reservations are a MUST. It can get pretty loud, so I definitely would not recommend this for a first date.Did I mention that they have the best pork chop EVER? :-)
NOPA I normally love you but tonight you lose. Three rude bartenders and a rude host. Train your people better, or give them more time off.
I gotta say, Kent - the cutie bartender at Nopa - has to be one of the most knowledgeable servers I've run into in a long time. Whether he was recommending food to me or wine to patrons, everyone left happy including me.Get the Pork Chop. Man, that's good... even if the sides are forgettable. And finish off your meal with the Roasted Corn Ice Cream with Skillet Bread & Honey Bacon Brittle. How can I describe this dessert? Interestingly yummy; especially when paired with a Dessert Chenin Blanc. And you guessed it, all recommended by Kent!I must come back and try the burger (which Kent recommends) and the calamari (whose sauce must be really good since the couple next to me asked for some more just to dip their bread in) and whatever else Kent recommends.Now if only I could get a pocket Kent to give me recommendations for everything: "Pocket Kent, what do you think of these shoes? Well while nice, I'd recommend..."
Great spot when I feel like Zuni, but need a little twist. Very cozy cute environment.
I love this place, not only as a neighborhood treasure, because I would frequent NOPA even if I did not live right down the street. The food is fresh and it changes often. They bring you this little taste, like a sample, of something before your meal, and it has been hummus the last 2 times, but I wish they put that on their menu. It's really good. The burger is fantastic. They might let you order it med-well, but my waiter talked me out of it, and I was not disappointed. The chicken is good. I haven't had the fish, I am not a big fish eater (traumatic experience). Desserts are worth it-especially like a toffee something, maybe with coffee...I can't remember exactly but it was nearly heavenly. And they make a good drink. Stiff.
I've now been to NOPA half a dozen times and must say the hype is definitely better than the execution. The flatbread was an outstanding appetizer but everything else I tried was just ok. The famous NOPA burger? Eh. Not bad but it wouldn't crack my top 5. And it's definitely not worth making a reservation three weeks in advance and still getting the dreaded "5pm or 9pm" time slot.Sorry, NOPA....I'm just not that into you.
Wow, what can I say .....everything was fabulous? The wine, the white bean appetizer, the chicken, the trout and the tagine was outstanding! I will be back!!
We had tasty and fulfilling vegetarian food at NOPA last night. Standouts were squash with sage and hazelnuts and the Moroccan vegetable tagine. Gigandes beans were satisfying. I could have used some bread to soak up the sauces.Why only 3 stars? Service was a real challenge. We had three long periods with no engagement. We ordered a variety of stuff to come out "whenever" since we were sharing. The food came out very quickly and all at once. Our drinks came out after our food. The pacing was just all messed up.So food wise: if you are a vegetarian (non vegan), do not be turned off by all the reviews mentioning pork chops and hamburgers. There are many flavorful vegetarian dishes to be found at NOPA. And, be ready with your drink order at the first opportunity.
4.5 stars for brunch. Surprisingly ample parking on at 1130am on a Sunday (try Fell Street). I had the custard french toast three weeks ago and I'm still thinking about it. Seriously. Great service and atmosphere. I wish I lived in the neighborhood because I feel like I would come here all the time.
Reservation made day-of. Fit in at 10:30pm (within the hour). Lucky to get table upstairs for 2. A++++ Service - host/hostess, bartender, waiter. Fantastic cocktails (aristocrat & bulleit bourbon). Food: open kitchen, efficient, clean - pork chop was phenomenal... actually all the food and cocktails were perfect. We will definitely be back. Fantastic place to bring friends and a date.
I was expecting this review to be a love letter. I'd sing the praises of NOPA far and wide, declaring my undying affection for the place that would be my new home away from home, the place that would be there in times of sorrow and times of joy, with hearty meat and soothing cocktails.NOPA is known for its porkchop, and I wanted to fall head over heels, so I ordered it with no hesitation. When it arrived at the table, juicy and big and full of potential, I exclaimed in excitement. After cutting in with the steak knife, what I got was a bloody, pink, undercooked mess of galactic proportions. Everything else was amazing -- the "Last Word" gin and chartreuse cocktails, the warm olives with baked bread, the flatbread with freshly cooked veggies, and even the desserts... and our server was so apologetic, bringing me a complimentary Blue Bottle martini (amazing!) and comping my meal, but I hesitate to swear my undying love to less than perfection. NOPA, we've got big potential, you and I.
After waiting a couple years to finally try this place, I have to say it's one of the best meals and ambiance around. Our experience certainly deserved the 5 stars. The best part, the thing that surprised me most, was just how friendly everyone was I mean really friendly and courteous- from the waiters, bartenders to sommelier ,the staff was really impressive.The bartenders make some of the best drinks I have seen- they are totally in step with the hand crafted cocktail movement, and have topnotch ingredients on hand and know what to do with them. From Pisco Sour to new takes on traditional drinks like Manhattans, Mojitos etc.We did not have a reservation but found a place at the bar, which turned out to be a perfect place to see these guys in action and get the lowdown on what they were making and what to order. We got 2 apps, the squash salad and the flat breads both made very well not too filling but did the trick , with a couple glasses of wine. Their by the glass list is very nicely suited to the food.Then for the mains; roasted duck and the pork loin. Both superb with seasonal veggies and faro grains. We did send the pork back for a few minutes on the grill it was just too rare for pork to be eaten.The duck was super tender, moist and cooked perfectly med. rare.We had an interesting apertif, the Euchrist perfect to finish and cleanse your buds-but never got to the dessertsBeing at the bar really was a fortuitous move. We got supper attentive service, tasted a bunch of wines and could see clearly what others were eating and their response before ordering. Plus it was truly impressive to watch these guys work. The bartender, Morgan, was a great guy and really helped to make the experience memorable.The ambiance was informal, very open but not too noisy even though it was packed you could hear and carry one a conversation without yelling, that is rare these days.There is a communal table which you just have to hover near and grab a seat when they open up. Notice too the nice mural on the upper areas done by a local artist Bryan Barneclo, who also did the huge mural at 7th & Townsend (brianbarneclo.com) it sets a nice mood to the interior.Reservations are tough to come by for the weekends,so just go and hang out if you have the time... you'll get seated eventually and it will be worth it.Parking is lousy, I heard there was a lot for $ 10 in the evening.
Promised my friend I would take him to dinner for his birthday and as we were brainstorming, he kept suggesting steak houses. I decided to suggest Nopa and I am glad that I did, the atmosphere was great and the food was good too.Atmosphere: modern industrial lofty feel with a semi-open kitchen and large bar.Appetizers: goat cheese served with beets & crustini. Was good, but was not very original and was nothing spectacular. The flatbread was a great appetizer; it looked like a pizza and had fennel sausage, pomegranate seeds, cheese & greens. The goat cheese would have been a sufficient appetizer for 4 people, but I am a huge fan of variety so I would order both even if you don't finish both.Main course: I ordered the Tagliatelle (pasta) with Brussels sprouts and butternut squash. The pasta was really good, but I was so full from the appetizers, I probably didn't enjoy it as much as I could have. I don't eat pork chops, but apparently the pork chop at Nopa is AMAZING, so if you like pork chops, try it!Overall cool place, I definitely want to go back!
NopeI want to love this place really, but I don't, I can't. It's not the food; the food is great.Locally sourced, super clean and organic, well prepared (mostly). Everything I tasted there was great. The Pork Chop was worth a two hour wait, so too the roast Chicken, and declasse be damned, really great Burger. Halibut, eh shmalibut, no wow factor, but OK. It's all about the small plates really, especially two deep at the bar. Piggy Platter, Quinoa w/ smoked trout, Duck Egg & asparagus, Fried Smelts; yum, yum, yum, and yum. Sides of Cauliflower, Grilled Broccoli ( yes really good), sauteed Greens, Fries with aioli, all delicious. Dessert likewise is all good, Meyer Lemon Tart, Goat Cheesecake, Sopaipillas, and local cheeses; big big yum.So what's the problem? The hype has brought a crowd and colored the staff all in such a way that it's almost a dare to put up with both for the sake of the food.If you're not a 20 something techie millionaire beware! Is it really necessary to wear the same t-shirt you had on at the gym to dinner? Are you aware that anyone actually from Brooklyn who saw you wearing that Nets hat while seated at a restaurant where you can easily spend $100/pp without wine would kick your butt? Can you really not put your phone down for one minute? All of this is some well choreographed ballet of "look at me, I don't care (are you looking?).The staff is the restaurant equivalent of the kind of sales person who looks down on the customer for not working in a store they themselves couldn't afford to shop at ( SNL sketch of Jeffrey's)., well some of them anyway. In an age of renewed professionalism, I don't want to be served by the guy who's just killing time until he makes his first million. If it's such a special place, learn to treat people like they're special, not in your way.Lastly, the communal table and the bar. One minute a seat at the communal table is provided by the hostess, the next it's jump on it I saw it first. It is a real seat at a real table, or it isn't, either way no leanies for drinkers waiting for a table. The bar likewise, has people seated just drinking, while a man stood smooshed at the end eating, albeit the whole time on his tablet. Seats should be for diners in such a high demand place. A lack of policy is confusing and cheapens the brand. Make a policy choice and stick to it, and tell the Maitre d'.The food is great, but there's better to be had without the drama and scene; unless that's why your there.
OoO those Pork chops are friggin AWESOME... talk about juicy tender goodness.. Thought that all the yelp reviews and my friends were overhyping it.. BUT I was pleasantly wrong. Yay to PORKCHOPS! haha. oOOo and the basil aoli is yum-o. Fries remind me of In-n-Out fries but bigger and less greasy. :)
Kitchen open until 1am, and such delicious desserts and coffees to be had.
Long wait, crowded but the pork chop and burger were worth it. I WILL DEF BE BACK FOR THE BURGER!
Their pork chops are AMAZING! Very tender and full of flavor! Service was also great. We also ordered the roasted sardines and I tried my friend's seared duck breast and they too were delicious. While we didn't order it, the flatbread seemed very popular. Overall, great food and service and can't wait to come back for their flatbread.
Love this place. Not too overpriced for really good food, too. Went for brunch and the French toast was really, really good. I think the half portion would be enough, it was so much sugar. But the server was so cute and really, really attentive and nice. We sat at the community table because the hostess told us there was a wait for a regular table (30 mins) but I never saw anyone else come in for those tables in the hour and a half we were there except for a crazy lady that had to sit with us at the community table.
Everyone is talking about how wonderful the food at NOPA is. So I decided to venture off to check it out last night.It was crowded which usually signals a good thing. I understand that the food is organic,raised at local farms and so on...but my dish lacked flavor. I understand that there is a huge difference between organic and non-organic,but I could have bought my own organic chicken, put salt and pepper on it and roasted it at home. The fish was bland too... no sauce or anything. My bf had to keep putting salt and pepper on it to get any flavor. I am glad I tried this place, but I do not think I will come here again.
Based on the reviews I've read here, it sounds like it's hard to get a seat at this place, but my one experience there in March was pretty awful1. We waited a long time to get initially served even though other tables around who sat down later than us were served us. 2. Our server continued through out the entire meal, even after we talked to the manager about her. 3. Our entrees--the pork chop and and the roast chicken--were entirely too salty. I wonder if they had been overbrined. Sides were decent, but still a bit on the salty side. The manager tried to smooth things over and comped our entire meal once we talked to him a second time about the server ignoring us. But, the food wasn't good enough for us to go back anyway
Had an amazing post-proposal (!) dinner here last night, and everything was perfect and amazing (or maybe I'm saying that cuz I'm all happy and shit). The cucumber salad was delicious. Perfectly sweet beets. The burgers (of course), were to die for. TO DIE FOR. Can a burger get any better? i think no.Drinks, service, ambiance, all wonderful. Especially love that cucumber vodka cocktail. Refreshing and makes you think for a second that you aren't the lush that you are. Yum!
The exterior is underwhelming but as soon as you walk in, NOPA is super hip and modern. It's a late 20s-30s crowd with people ready to drink and eat damn good food.I didn't try any of the entrees but they looked delicious. I had a bunch of appetizers and drinks, and the waiters were attentive and cool. The cocktails, I reiterate are yummy and strong. I would definitely go back.
I find NOPA enchanting. One of my favorite SF "eateries," alongside Incanto and the bar at the Slanted Door. Could be an all time dinner favorite alongside Sepia (Chicago), Odeon (NYC) or Beast (Portland). Love how they treat their regulars (reserving tables and bubbly) + the flatbread and the scrumptious $13 burgers with pickled onions and gruyere and the whiskey ice-cream bacon brittle dessert + the industrials stylings and crowded long bar. Oh, and the late hours? For a night owl like me? Purrfect.
yum yum! anytime brussel sprouts come to my table with their outside leaves all crispy and tasty, nestled up next to the juicy sprout, i'm a fan. the parmesan encrusted meyer lemon slice was right up my alley as well. we sampled the rocket salad-tasty-and the flatbread-just fine indeed. dessert you ask? why yes. a blue bottle martini was a perfect balance of flavors, not too alcoholic tasting, not too sweet, just perfect. a smoked chocolate mousse, chocolate blood orange souffle was a perfect combo, again, not too sweet, not too smoked, a nice balance of flavors. and blood orange upside down cake? what? how could i pass that up? the cake was moist and flavorful, but the candied blood oranges that lay on the top were sooooo sticky delicious.i would return to this place of balanced flavors and nice technique, but i would be sure to make a reservation.
Just before 1AM twenty Yelp wobble in after eight hours at Jade bar. We took the tavern-style communal high table up front.Plusses:  * Striking, modern but warm, high-ceilinged downtown-like space, quite unusual for the inner suburbs  * Tasty and clever: deep fried sardines, flatbread with greens, warm green beans and tomato salad with cheesy baconness. Many homemade aoli side dips  * The epitome of gracious San Francisco service. Ten checks for twenty people varying in cogency, appteite, and taste, all with sincere personal attention? No problem. Enjoy our bizarre comments, don't hassle our sardine puppet theater, make polite chat, repeat the recommendations we keep forgetting?  All in top form at the end of a very busy Saturday night. Excellent wine knowledge and recommendations, a delicious reasonably priced Aglianico -- uncommon for SF at 1AM.Minus:  * Where's the bread? Where's the snackage? Had to eat Nish's tie during the wait.  * Food preparation weak -- fried sardine puppets were oily and soggy, pizza crust yeasty and raw, fish stew overcooked and lacked texture. That plus how delicious it was tells me a good concept/prep/ingredients and good recipes, or possibly just the fact that everything tastes better with booze but line cooks were probably sleepy or unsupervised. I'll have to come back earlier, soberer, when head chef is in for sure. Hey, where are the other 19 Yelp reviews? Still in bed?----------2008 update. All the above, only more so. The place has turned into quite the scene and is still crowded late on weekday nights. The decor, service, concept, drinks, everything here is first rate. Except the food. Soggy stuff....except the chicken, that was dry.
It seems a moot point too review this restaurant considering how many other people have but I just can't not wave a flag appreciatively for one of my favorite eateries!  The food, the waitstaff, the bartenders and their delicious mixed drinks are delightful!
nopa has a great ambiance and is the perfect spot to take a date. make a ressie or be prepared to wait for a long time. my date and i were a little too ambitious and ordered too much, suffering from the "eyes are bigger than our stomach syndrome."we ordered:1. albacore with soft egg and string beans and olives (the albacore was really fresh and good with the egg, the olives were way too salty)2. flatbread (amazing!! now i know what everyone was talking about)3. grassfed burger & frieds (really great flavor and texture)4. porkchop (it was a little overcooked, but delicious nonetheless. we couldn't finish the porkchop and had to bring it home.-i definitely would come back again to try the other dishes or just for the flatbread since the menu changes quite frequently.
I came here from out of town with three of my buddies and we decided to share a bunch of different plates so we could all enjoy as many different things as we can. I didn't tell them, but I wish I had everything to myself.The dish I absolutely loved was the pork chop. It was by far the juiciest and most succulent chop of pork I have ever had. And it tasted great too! I don't even remember what it was served with because I no longer cared about anything else on that plate except for that piece of pig meat on bone. If this is available when you go there, you must try it!The slices of duck were phenomenal. I've never had duck prepared this style before and I must say that I don't think I need to try it anywhere else. Each piece definitely makes you want to close your eyes and devote all you can to your sense of taste.The burger made from grassfed beef was great. The waiter said that it's normally made medium-rare so that's how we got it. It was good, but I think one should get it medium instead. I'm just not used to having it that way. But that's really just my personal taste rather than a mandated burger rule. Definitely order it because it truly is a quality burger.I felt the salmon steak didn't impress me as much as the other stuff so I suggest that you stray away from it. Only because it really just pales in comparison to the other stuff. By no means it is a bad dish. In fact I think it was cooked very well and the crispy salmon skin delivered a great contrast in texture.If you plan on getting an appetizer, I think you should try the flatbread. I noticed a lot of other tables around us had ordered it as well and after tasting it, I knew why it was so popular. The sausage, garlic, squash, and gruyere combined into a heavenly concoction that one can only experience.We also ordered a side of french fries that came with a red pepper feta dip. These fries were cooked to perfection and the dip added a nice richness that paired well with the fries. Hard to find a place with really good fries.The service here is also great. Very attentive wait staff and comes by often to clear any empty plates and give you refills of your drink. Very nice and there to help you have a good experience.You probably want to call in ahead for a reservation, though. It does get pretty packed and you want to make sure you dine at this place. We called in around 5 pm and they gave us a reservation for 11 pm. I know it sounds late but the place was packed even as we were leaving at 12:30 am. Once you try it, you'll forget the hour at which you are there. Good food transcends time itself.
I walked into NOPA having read the reviews here about the great burger and pork chop. I walked out nodding my head in agreement.My three female companions all agreed with me regarding the food, and that our waiter spent more time on his hair than he would ever admit. The starters of olives (enjoyed by those that ate them) and fried fava beans (somehow light, served scalding hot from the fryer and amazing with the romesco sauce) were excellent.I followed that up with the often reviewed burger (with gruyere and bacon), which was easily one of the best burgers I've ever had (and as a red-blooded American male I've had my fair share). The fries and aioli were great, too. I tried the pork chop as well and it was very good. I have no idea how they get it to be so juicy, but it's basically the apex of meatiness. I'm not typically big into pork chops, but that's a good pork chop.We followed that up with dessert of Sopaipillas, little fried squares of dough with honey butter. The part of it that didn't quickly end up on my shirt was tasty. The service was great, the atmosphere was nice, although the table next to us was very close, not 6 inches from our table, so a little cramped. That was my biggest complaint, so you know it's good.
Best.Burger.Ever! Have had two wonderful experiences here - would absolutely recommend if you are looking for fantastic food in a great, down-to-earth atmosphere. Don't miss the Blue Bottle Martini!
I think this is the first time I've reviewed a restaurant after it's had 1000 reviews (1541 at this time). This says 2 things to me:1. Nopa is right in the wheelhouse for the typical SF Yelper.2. I tend to avoid the places that the typical Yelper frequents.Regarding the first: The hype about Nopa is completely justified. Although we went with a regular who knew everyone from the coat-check girl to the Manager to the Chef, the level of service we received didn't appear to be any more excessive than what I saw at other tables. Even before my first sip or bite, everyone was eager to please. Which is the damnedest thing in SF.Regarding the second, I'm not typically one for crowds or trends. When the buzz started to make its way across Market I didn't want to hear it. It took a chance encounter at a birthday party with a friend of the Chef to to convince me to go. Now that I've been broken in, I can't wait to come back.Our hostess for the meal wanted to give us a tour of the menu, so the table shared 3 appetizers:Small fried fish. The fish varies from day to day, and on this night it was sardine, less the head and tail. They're served with a lemon aioli.Flatbread with bacon, apple & Brussels sprouts. Pretty tasty, and they came in handy to scoop up the...Giant white beans in a simple sauce of tomato & oregano. Best of three, and I would've never ordered it for myself because it didn't have any meat. They also provided us with an amuse bouche of pureed butternut squash, chopped mint and little red wine vinegar smeared over sliced, toasted baguette. This was awesome!For the main dishes, we had braised short ribs (excellent), the burger (of course) with cheddar, blue & bacon, and one person had the Moroccan vegetable tagine. Again, I would never have ordered the tagine, but it was the best of the three dishes the table ordered.I can't comment on the inventive cocktails because I only had a Stoli up. And I can't comment on the great wine list because I saw a Cabernet Franc on the by-the-glass list and pounced on it. I can say that both drinks were excellent, as was everything else this evening.To close everything out we had some VERY fresh cookies, and I was introduced to the wonders of Blue Bottle coffee. I can't wait to develop an addiction, since they have a store 2 blocks away. These guys (and girls) really have a gold-mine here. They serve wonderful food at a reasonable price, provide excellent service and have more space than Amoeba records. It's no wonder there was still a wait for a table at 11:00 p.m.
Second visit & even more impressed than the first. Food was incredible, drinks were unique & ultimately phenomenal. Didn't hurt our tattooed bartender was adorable and just added to our great dinner. All in all, exceptional experience.
I absolutely loved it; the food, the service and the company!Our appetizers:Warm goat cheese, pickled beets, frise and crostini.Fried delta asparagus, lemon aioli and pimenton.Entres:Rotisserie herbed chicken, sugar snap peas, baby artichokes and watercress (both of my friends loved it, and it really was delicious, so moist...).Pan seared Halibut, housemade chorizo, calamari, potatoes, and English peas.Deserts:Sopapilla with burnt orange caramel.Spiced chocolate cake, "white" chocolate ice cream and black pepper caramel.Burnt honey crme brle, roasted strawberries and sugar cookies.I can't wait to go back!
4.25I grow weary of reviewing a place already enjoying so much coverage on Yelp. I honestly don't have anything new to say. But considering I could soon be forced to eat PB&J when I'm living in a cardboard box, this meal meant something.It was also my girl's birthday, and what a choice she made.The space is great, not stuffy at all. The service was impressive, friendly, knowledgeable. The food knocked my socks off, though I'll agree with T and say the flatbread appetizer was more like a mini-main. So, perhaps criticism is that portions were too big.The bill wasn't too bad, considering we did three courses and three rounds of wine-by-the-glass. But yeah, I wonder how many more of these elite SF restaurants are in our near-term future. :(
Fantastic food....great atmosphere.......BRUTAL SERVICE.........................Dont you just hate when a waiter comes to your table, takes a huge order, dosent write it down and gets it totally wrong..........Well Thats what happened here.....We spent the whole time looking for him and trying to get his attention......His tip went from $50 to $18 very quick........Ive talked to a few other friends that have come here and it seems to be the same problem with them all...Great food-terrible service.
This place is my favorite spot in SF. The community table is always fun, and the bar staff does a good job accommodating everyone even though we never have a reservation.
Nopa is an oasis in the San Francisco fog, a beacon of fine food for the night owls. I am never surprised when I enter the doors at 11 pm and find it to be a packed house thriving with activity. After all, S.F. is a major city with much to do at night. People get hungry after 10 pm. It is baffling and irksome that restaurants close so early (for city standards). I have had this conversation with friends a million times, both sober and definitely not.Enter Nopa. It is the answer for late night diners who groan at the idea of Osha or Chinese food (yet again). The food here is pretty good, but nothing exceptional. (But, they get extra credit for being open until 1 am.) The emphasis is on organic, local ingredients, thus they change/mix up the menu frequently. For instance, every time I order the flatbread, it comes with a different combination of toppings (some better than others). Regulars on the menu are the rotisserie chicken, the pork chop, and the Moroccan tagine. They are also one of the few eateries that offer grass-fed burgers. I love the desserts, which include pecan tart with "smoke & whisky" ice cream, warm bread pudding with cinnamon ice cream, and ginger cake with Nocino cream (cream made from an Italian liquor with an aromatic, bittersweet taste).The cocktails are a lot of fun and, like the rest of the menu, changes with the seasons and availability of ingredients. Their list of spirits could send people over the edge. From high quality rum to bourbon and rye to single malt whisky, Nopa has it. The wine list is sure to please, as it ranges from classic West Coast reliables from Napa, Bonny Doon, and Willamette to Chianti Classicos and French cab franc.As for the interior, it matches the cuisine to the "t": refined yet rustic, open with high ceilings yet warm and inviting with its neighborhood-themed murals and solid oak tables and benches. If it is too busy--and it often is even at midnight--sit at the bar where you can watch the cooks hustle in an open kitchen that adds fire (literally to some extent, since you can watch them insert flatbread and meats into the wood-fired ovens) and life to an otherwise casual but sophisticated meal.
Eat here. The Moroccan vegetable tangine with toasted almonds and lemon yogurt tastes exactly how it sounds... mmmmm. The seared duck breast with borlotti beans and artichokes is seared to perfection- not too soggy or fatty. Fantastic cocktail selection. Try the Wash House with vodka, lime, basil and thyme. It's refreshing. A little loud and packed for a first date... I would eat here with friends or your long term partner instead. Overall fun busy atmosphere.
Warning! If you eat at NOPA your expectations for restaurants will be forever changed! You may find yourself in a situation where you can't enjoy dining elsewhere, for you will spend most of you dinner comparing restaurant x to NOPA, and drawing conclusions about how much better NOPA is on all fronts. Seriously though, this is my favorite restaurant in the city. I love taking people there b/c they are always delighted. If you have not been you must go. There is a reason there is a 30 minute wait 7 days a week 3 years into the operation.  This place has it dialed.
Make a good first impression, and NOPA did when I had a glass of wine at the bar and saw an appetizer decorated with endives leave the kitchen. If only I could fit one more dish in my stomach, I'd gratify those hungry eyes. But, the jeans weren't cooperating, and sucking in began to hurt. It was such a teaser not to have tasted the menu! Since then NOPA has been running through my mind. What if I had... One year and several missed opportunities later, I've finally had my first date with the restaurant and found:Our waiter knowledgeable (look for a Victorian key tattoo "hanging" from her neck); sample of the day served before the meal; French Fries and Harissa-Feta Dip a must order; entrees generous, hearty, and overall good eye candy; Country Pork Chop juicy; Sopaipilla w/ Burnt Orange Caramel amazing--warm, doughy, sweet with a hint of tartness; Blue Bottle Coffee's in the house; and all the desserts calling my name.If you don't have reservations, drop in on a Sunday around 5-ish and add your name to the list. You can kill time catching happy hour at Bar 821 for $3 beers or mingle at the bar before the 6pm seating begins. With a daily-changing menu keeping me on my toes, it's hard to resist going back for more. Next date: the bar menu, some glasses of wine, and certainly, more desserts.
Went for birthday dinner for someone. I ordered trout and he ordered chicken. Both were excellent. The appetizer was great too. The ambience was exquisite. I will definitely come back. Parking was difficult. I recommended taking buses or walking.
This place has a warm social atmosphere when you first enter. Its great for a girls/boys night out or a night out with your "snuggle bunny". My girlfriend and I arrived around 9:00pm Sunday night and the place was swimming with people. Although the wait was about and hour and a half.... the hostess immediately offers the alternative to waiting...the community table. PERFECT!!! A spot opened by the time I finished my 1st cocktail "THE CIDER HOUSE"..absolutely wonderful...fresh, slightly sweet and straight to the point. Jennifer our waitress was WARM and FRIENDLY! The Housemade Pappardelle, Fennel Sausage was DELICIOUS and the ROASTED CARROTS was heavenly...I never had carrots so good...needless to say we licked our plates and had the BEST convo with our neighboring diners..one from NY and the other from the Bahamas...YES this is a must try...a FLAVOR EXPLOSION in your mouth.
5 stars. Hold the fries.
Who comes up with this stuff? Roasted corn ice cream with skillet bread, honey and bacon brittle. YUM - it totally works! My kind of dessert since I like more savory, than sweet. Only bad thing is it is SO--- stressful waiting at the bar and communal table cause everyone hovers. People, it's common courtesy to let the person waiting first get the next seat. Just because you had the nerve to interrupt someone's dinner to ask for their seat when they leave doesn't mean it should automatically be yours!  That shouldn't have to be said - but that didn't stop this one obnoxious guy from doing so. Ugh -we went to another bar down the street and just had them call us when our table was ready - I recommend doing that. The pork chop really IS good - a decent portion too...and I don't say that very often. Everything was solid, the duck had a nice crispy skin, pork chop was near perfect (I like that it had some fat - cause I ate it too!), the burger with gruyere (perfectly seasoned and cooked medium-rare) and albacore (the early girl tomatoes were SO sweet!).
best porkchops ive ever had. reservations here are a bitch but if you come early you can sit at the bar until dinner is served. the scavengers waiting for you leave in the bar area are alittle annoying though.
one star for moving into my neighborhood and trying to change it!IT'S THE WESTERN ADDITION!!!
We came here for my boyfriend's 23rd birthday. This place was PACKED! You definitely gotta make reservations. The atmosphere was awfully awesome! :D We ordered so much food! The duck was very savory! The pork chops were BOMB! The chicken was HUGE and pretty juicy and good. I'd definitely like to come back to this place and try more food. Good music, good service, good food = HAPPY PEOPLE!CHEERS TO NOPA! :)
great food very busy .. you better make a reservation before you go in. i love the bar they have great mix drinks
We arrived early Sunday evening with a reservation and 2 kids and 3 adults. While the kids were well behaved and patient, the waitress was clearly put off by the kids. Had to ask for straws, ask for their water not to be in huge tall glasses, and she made a point to announce "we don't have a kids menu". Overall she was not very pleasant to anyone and did the minimum. We ordered when we first sat down, and, while most of the other tables were empty when we came in, we had to wait for 45 minutes for the food. No bread, just a couples of crackers with cheese. After 35 minutes we asked about the food and she barked "we're busy, can't you see?"However the food was very good, including the chicken, fish entree, chicken soup, and the hamburger. They do have a good wine list, as well.
Nopa is one of the most consistent restaurants I have been to. I love it. I recommend it to so many people visiting San Francisco, only because I am usually there past their bedtimes anyway. I am always happy when I leave Nopa. Not only is the staff friendly, efficient, and amazing, but the atmosphere is energetic, fun and playful too. I think the food here is delightful and delicious. I love the cocktails. I have sat in every section you can: the bar, communal table, chef's counter, balcony and regular dining room and I love them all. I really adore this restaurant and can easily list it is one of my favorites in the city.
What can I say about NOPA that hasn't already been said? This place deserves all the high praise that the locals give it. Their menu is always evolving but with some common themes that get modified with the changing seasons. Service is consistently great whether at the bar, the common table or a private table. I work late so finding good food after hours is not easy. In that respect this is the best in the city.
SOLID SOLID meal. I came here for a pre birthday birthday meal as I had heard nothing but good things about NOPA. I Was able to call less than 24 hours ahead and get a reservation at 9 on a Saturday.Take a cab over here! I was so stupid to drive and ended up circling the area for a solid 10 minutes before I found a parking spot...once again confirming my feeling that Divisadero is the worst street in SF.Walking in I was happy to see the placed was packed at the bar and it had a nice lively vibe to it. Really cool open space with a high ceiling, but a space none to large that made things still seem cozy and fun.An all together the menu is limited, so make sure you give it a once over before you go to ensure there is something there you want.We started off the meal with the goat cheese and persimmon app along with the mussels. Both were really solid. The mussels came with this amazing piece of bread that was caked in an creamy aioli sauce.As soon as I looked through the menu my eyes settled down hard on the pork chop. I had read decent things about it on Yelp and wanted to give it a go. Also hadn't had a pork chop in ages.I had them cook mine medium rare and it was really tasty and juicy. My benchmark for the best pork chop in SF is Frascati. The pork chop at Nola was entering the neighborhood of Frascati, but not yet at that level of goodness.All in all it was a solid meal...BUT we weren't finished.As we were wrapping up dinner around 11:30 I was dragging a bit and went for a blue bottle martini that was super tasty and gave me the little zip I needed to get going. Also had the pumpkin souffle with caramel sauce which was freakn sooooo good!I left here fully satisfied from top to bottom on this meal.I don't really know if I will be rushing back to eat a full on meal here anytime soon though. This seems like a great late night place to come in grab some cocktails and grub. For me this goes back to the menu being so limited and my feeling that there are a lot of other great places I want to try with equal or better food.The two things I still want try are the burger and the duck.
I fell in love with NOPA last week. I've been meaning to come here for years and finally made reservations for my family before Wicked. We showed up at 5:30pm, right as they were opening, and sat at the big wooden table by the bar. We had a round of yummy drinks (dirty martini, cosmo, and vodka 1 part OJ, 1 part club soda) and ordered a couple appetizers. They are only $4 at the bar until 6pm. The fried asparagus was great as was the halibut. They weren't even as small as I thought they would be.We got seated at 6pm at a booth. The restaurant has an open kitchen and a balcony with additional seating. The walls are painted with bright murals that seem kind of Cuban. Our servers at the bar table and at our dinner table were great. We ordered the warm goat cheese crostini pickled beet and frisee appetizer. It was amazing! It was also plenty for four people to share. Two of us ordered the grilled country pork chop and two of us ordered the rotisserie herbed chicken. We had been eying the chickens on the rotisserie while we were at the bar and they did not disappoint. The chicken and pork chop were both tender and amazing.NOPA was fantastic all around. My Mom was in love with it before we'd even gotten our entrees. I can't wait to come back.
It took me over 3 years to finally make it in, although I have been hearing its praises sung since it's inception. And I was concerned I had stacked the odds against having a great experience:1) I had browsed the Yelp reviews and saw a lot of "overrated", "over-hyped", etc.2) My brother had said that it was "super noisy"3) Yvonne & I were going on our 1st wedding anniversaryMaybe my expectations were tempered and I was giddy with happiness given the occasion. All I know is that NOPA gave us a phenomenal dining experience!The service was that perfect balance of being there when you need something without being smothering. Our server, Jeff, was incredibly friendly, without a hint of cheesiness. He was so attentive to details, that he picked up on our question about their sparking water and quickly replaced our flat water with a new carafe of their in-house sparkling. Bam! I offhandedly mentioned their Blue Bottle Martini as something of future interest... and bam! He brings out a complimentary one, split between two smaller martini glasses for Yvonne and I to enjoy with our dessert. I am now going to have to sign up for Blue Bottle Martini-holics Anonymous.And oh yeah, although I barely mentioned the anniversary occasion during my reservation phone call, they obviously noted it down and then added some nice touches, like seating up on the mezzanine away from the noisier and crowded areas, as well as adding two small candles to our dessert order. That shows great internal communication between the entire team, and Jeff executed it to perfection on the serving front.And the food? Great! Was it out of this world amazing? So presentation is not dazzling, but the food was certainly damn tasty! For all-around score, NOPA gets the coveted 5 stars! With their late hours, we will be back many times! Thanks, NOPA and Jeff, for helping to make our 1st anniversary a huge success!
I had Sunday brunch there w/ my bf, I love everything about Nopa. Food is really good. Atmosphere and service is perfect. I also love my brunch cocktial. Definitely come back again for delicious food:)
First of all, if you're planning on going husband-hunting with your girlfriends, I would seriously consider adding NOPA to your plans. On any given night there seems to be a plethora of single businessmen lining the bar at this establishment. The eye candy alone is worth a few stars I'd say. Whether you're looking for a high-end happy hour or an upscale meal, this is a great place. The food is delicious and not overly complicated. The service has always been top notch when I've dined here. Extra points for being a green restaurant with a seasonal menu and being open late. I docked one star though because it's always a little overly loud for my taste. Aside from that, love NOPA!
Ok, so I'm way lazy and should review more on yelp considering just how much I use it. I travel the country working on a food network show and get to it my fare share of meals. Eating is my favorite thing to do. Yes, even more than that.The thing I loved about Nopa is the wood cooker. I used to be the chef of a barbecue restaurant called The Smoked Joint and I immediately recognized the J n R wood burning rotisserie/grill and the enticing smell of the almond wood burning . It is the greatest smell . Yes, even greater than that.We sat on the upper level looking down on the action. Best seat in the house.  Our server, Emanuel, his name I believe was perfect. In fact the service was the right blend of hip, cool, casual, and professional.A wonderful wine, a txacolina, red, which I'd never had was recommended to complement our food choices.And now, the food. 1st course was the sausage flat bread, recommend as "a must" by the server. I watched the cook in front of the pizza oven make about a hundred of these throughout the course of our meal. It was good. Very good even but I think it could've had a bit more punch of flavor. Maybe an acidic element or zest or something. Next was the house made fettucini with black mussels. First, this dish arrived a bit tepid and after a brief debate, my date and I sent it back. The staff handled this beautifully and I always appreciate when a staff can turn a potential negative into a positive . The dish returned hot and not overly so as to suggest an f u from the kitchen. A wonderful al dente texture the pasta had and the mussels were cooked just until they opened yielding a soft and not chewy flesh. The sauce was again good but a bit soft of flavor for my taste. Maybe my taste buds are just overworked from eating excessive amounts of sweets on "kid In A Candy Store" but I wanted more herbs or garlic to complement the awesome pasta. But I also understand wanting to appreciate the pasta itself. So if the first two dishes were just good, why did I love this place? Remember that wood cooker? oh yeah, it and a very skilled cook produced one of THE best pork chops I've ever had in my life. If Aida hadn't already featured this spot on "Best Thing I Ever Ate" I'd be begging to do the pork chop next season.  The wood flavor and the perfect level of doneness made me weep. So many pork chops out there and so many that disappoint. Smoky, juicy, simply prepared but its that beautiful almond wood flavor that made it sing. Five star pork chop. Thanks for a great meal Nopa.
NOPA is probably my most favorite restaurant in SF. Reservations are tough, but if you don't mind a wait at the community table then you are just fine. We started out with their flat bread w/ spicy fennel sausage and wild mushrooms.Who can beat their smoked pork chop with a side of creamy polenta - da bomb!!! We also their special lamb shank - mmm good... Everything was done perfectly. Lives up to the hype!!!
If you're looking for specialty cocktails that will knock-your-socks-off, NOPA is the place to go in San Francisco. NOPA's Elderflower Gimlet (with Belvedere Vodka, Elderflower Syrup and Lime Juice) and Wash House (with Square One Organic Vodka, Basil, Lime and Thyme Sprigs) are so yummy that I would walk 12 (long) blocks to and from my house in uncomfortable stilettos just to meet my friends here for after-work drinks. A good thing to know is NOPA is the only upscale restaurant in the City that serves dinner until 1am every night. If you head here for dinner, you must try the flatbread (with bacon, garlic, zucchini and goat cheese) and the grass-fed hamburger. They're so good! NOPA is also the sleekest looking restaurant in NoPa. (Ha!) The space used to be a bank (the exterior of the building is still intact), and has a mezzanine and loft level with high ceilings, oak beam trusses, polished concrete floors, large plate-glass windows (with a view of the best neighborhood in SF!) and an open-air kitchen. I'd recommend sitting in the loft, so you can watch the chefs prepare your food. It's quite an experience!
I love this place. It's sure not cheap, but at least you won't leave hungry. And the food is always awesome. I don't like pork chops in general, but they have this thick-cut one that just falls off the bone. It's so friggin' good. I've also had duck breast here before that was phenomenal, but last time I went it wasn't on the menu. Too bad, I had to "settle" for the killer pork chop. yum.
Amazing food. Almost impossible to choose my favorite starter, but the goat cheese crostini probably wins. I don't know what they do to their pork chop, but it makes me want to eat until I grow a curly tail and start snorting! For dessert, try the milk and cookies - it sounds plain, but is truly divine.The drinks are creative and tasty; the atmosphere modern but comfortable (although it can get noisy). You have to book in advance to get a seat, but they have a communal table for walk-ins and kitchen is open super late if you're willing to wait.
On a recommendation from a co-worker, I ventured to NOPA. I had friends in town from So Cal and wanted to show them a San Francisco dining experience. While my co-worker loved the restaurant, a few of the Yelp reviews were mixed. I musts say, my co-worker was correct and my dining experience was EXCELLENT. We made reservations a week in advance (a must!) and were quickly seated upon arrival. The servers were attentive but not bothersome. The Vegetable Tangine was superb, albeit extremely hot and the beet and goat cheese salad was quite tasty. I will definitely be back, this time for the garlic fries. My only warning....take the bus, ride a motorcycle or walk. Just don't plan on parking anywhere near the restaurant. Enjoy!!
I have 3 words for this place: !!!BEST PORKCHOPS EVER!!!This is definitely one of my favorite restaurants in the city. Their porkchops are so juicy and tender and flavorful. I'm in awe that porkchops can be made to taste so good! Everything is perfect about the dish. From the roasted potatoes to the cabbage and smoked bacon on the side. Get it rare to medium rare. As for the rest, pretty much everything I've tried here is awesome. They're also known for the flatbread with spicy fennel sausage, broccoli raab and cream. Who would've though flatbread could be so tasty!Not sure if they change their menus, but the mussels are also fantastic.The restaurant itself is surprisingly spacious with high ceilings and two levels. And all the waitresses I've had there are super nice and cute!Menu is very reasonably priced.
Late night fine dining....places like this need to exist when you're having the sort of night that takes you over to Bernal Heights to a random house party where you drink someone else's beer and carry barbecue equipment through throngs of dancing girls, trying not to skewer anyone. Who goes to bed after that? This could easily be a stop at Taco Bell sort of situation, but instead, it's nice to have an option such as NOPA. This place is fun and sleek, serving a full menu until early in the morning.We weren't starving, so three of us split the goat cheese and tomato app, the corn soup, and a burger with fries. All delish, especially the soup. The star of the meal were the cocktails! They do really interesting stuff with alcohol here....but this is coming from a girl who drinks Ketel One mixed with Vitamin Water. Or whatever else is in my fridge. Or yours. So not too hard to impress me with innovation. Mine was something blackberry and spicy...have forgotten the details. Server and hostess were very sweet, none of us could understand how these people were as friendly and chipper as they were, working at 1 am with no end in sight! I'll definitely be returning. Possibly with a pillow and blanket.
One of the best meals I've eaten so far this year, all that at a really reasonable price (around $50 per person with wine). I tried the sardines (not bad), the pork chop (absolutely fabulous, the best pork I've eaten in a long long time) and the cornbread cake with olive oil cream and roasted cherries. Ingredients are fresh and of excellent quality. We settled on a 2007 St-innocent "Shea Vineyard" pinot noir, possibly the low point of this otherwise excellent meal.The venue is a bit too noisy to my taste but decorated with taste.
Nopa is a great spot to hit especially for late night dining. It's open til 1 am. The grass fed hamburger is delicious. Very filling but good. The Piggy Platter is also tasty although you can easily overdose on pork, unless you really love eating pork. The rotisserie chicken is delicious, especially the quinoa served along side. Their drink menu is notable for their outrageous names. Nonetheless, a very good drink selection.
After a delayed flight and getting in to SF around 11pm, I was starving and irritated. After searching for a late night restaurant I was praying that the Yelp reviewers would not steer me wrong....They sure didn't! Seriously, can it get any better than this place?! Nope. It was a Tuesday night, not too many people but the place had a good amount of energy. The decor was simple, slightly rustic with a splash of modern. Music was eclectic, a good mix of genres. We didn't have to wait for a table, nice! Waitress knew her stuff and was very helpful in guiding me to a vodka cocktail that hit the spot. It was strong but good. Started off with an appetizer dish of manila clams, kielbasa, smoked tomato, harissa aioli and grilled bread. There are no words to describe how delicious this was, so I'll just say it was Mmmmmmmm. For dinner I ordered the wood grilled hanger steak, fingerling potatoes and arugala. Ridiculous. Amazing. I can't even speak, my mouth is watering just thinking about it. Not overly seasoned, just simple and FRESH. There was some fat on the steak that I had to work around but I managed just fine. My boyfriend enjoyed his halibut plate. The portions were big and filling. Dessert looked good, we eyed some of the plates on neighboring tables, but we were stuffed. NOPA made for an absolute perfect San Fran experience.
NOPA - why did you wait so long to open up in this neighborhood? For years, I lived only blocks from where you pump out fantastic meals night after night - and yet you waited to arrive until I had left. Be honest with me, did I do something to offend you? Anyways, this review is long overdue. Another fantastic restaurant to add to the growing number of top spots in the Panhandle/Western Addition. Little Star, Tsunami, and now NOPA. We started with wood-oven baked beans which were topped with feta, tomatoes and breadcrumbs. I enjoyed the duck with porcini rissotto. It was fantastic! A highly recommended dish. I can't wait to come back.
This place is awesome because the kitchen is open until 1am and the food and cocktails are great. We usually come here about midnight for dinner. I love late night dining and it is difficult to find a place in SF open so late that serves quality food, provides great service, and great ambiance. PS - my favorite drink is the "Death at Dusk". It's pretty and yummy.
Wow! What a treat. I came here with some friends after going to a concert on Sunday night. We were to tired to go to a bar but not ready to go to bed. We stumbled upon Nopa and were more than pleasantly surprised. We arrived around midnight and were I shock this place was not only open, but packed!! We all ordered cocktails. I got the sum sidecar and it had a kick to it. We ordered a bunch of appetizers and ate and drank for over an hour. The ambiance of this place is great. It is beautifully decorated and the service was friendly and quick. Not to pricey either.
Custard French Toast - with blood orange marmalade and honey lemon butterOMG.... That's the best french toast I have ever had in my life. Each piece of toast is about 2" thick and perfectly cooked. Douse it in the syrup and I was super happy.The crust was soft yet a little firmer than the bread. The bread was very supple and moist. Somehow they managed to magically blend the custard in with the bread and it was like eating pudding and bread at the same time.If you have a sweet tooth ... this will satisfy it. If you don't have a sweet tooth, this will give you one. Seriously..... you guys need to try it. It is to die for.
Last Sunday: 12:30A arrive at Nopa. Sat at communal table. Ordered an Old Cuban. Shot the sheriff with Ya-soo-wah-kee the manager. Ordered my usual burger medium with blue cheese. Amused bouched. Perfect fries. Even better burger. Said "I'll see you next Sunday..."Repeat.Repeat.Repeat.
OMG!! The best! Pork Chops Yum! Chicken Yum! Hamburger Yum! Short Ribs Yum! Pizza Flat Bread Yum!!! OMG!!!
This place was highly recommended when I asked for suggestion to take an out of country visitor. We arrived at around 10pm. It was still packed. We sat at the big table near entrance. It was great experience. Wide selection of wine. Food and dessert are both very impressive!
Okay, not that my review is going to change anything in their rating, but perhaps they'll read this. I'd been once before a while ago for dinner and remember it leaving a generally good impression, but then recently returned for lunch. I didn't give it one star because the atmosphere was nice and the burger was fine (but not one of the best in the city in my opinion - it is not a 'destination burger') and the custard french toast was good if you like heavy sweet things. But the pork dish. That would be zero stars if it were allowed. I don't even know how that got served. It wasn't a 'not that great for $15' type thing. It was inedible at any price. The 'meat' contained almost no actual meat. Few of the chunks actually had any meat on them. Most were entirely fat. Some perhaps had a little gristle for some added chew. I can't even believe they would cook and serve that. The only reason I didn't send it back was because of the people I was with, but I was still embarrassed bc it was very obvious that I didn't eat any after the first bite. Nopa - what happened? Where is your quality control?
It's seemingly impossible to land a reservation at NOPA, but the french toast alone is worth the effort. Their brunch cocktails are also incredible, and their regular brunch food solid but not quite top notch.
FAVORITE PLACE IN THE CITY!*Unique cocktail list*Seasonal Food*Locally grown and organic food mostly*Knowledgeable staff -they taste everything daily*Reasonable price points
Calling all pork chop fans: Nopa is the place to be! The pork chop here is tender, juicy, and bursts with flavor.... definitely their best dish and probably the best pork chop I have had in a long, long time. The burger was also quite good, also juicy and very flavorful. Yes, yes, Nopa is definitely a haven for carnivores!If you feel like additional items outside of meat, share the flat bread with your dining mates; it's a good size appetizer, best shared between 4 people.
Really good food, cool ambiance, and fantastic service - you can't go wrong with this place.We started with a round of drinks - I had the elderflower gimlet (excellent) and my friend had the rum sidecar (really strong). The best part of the meal was the dessert - the warm chocolate cookies with almond milk was amazing, as was the bread pudding.
Good ambiance, cool place and nice looking people. Food was ok but nit amazing for those prices. The flatbread is really yummy but the chicken, the salmon and the Pork chops (their specialty) not that great. Overall, nice experience but nit a special culinary evening. Service is great though.
Not sure what I can say that has not already been said... NOPA has incredible food, cocktails and ambiance. It's near impossible to get a table (SF really does exist in an economic bubble), but most of the time it doesn't take too long to grab a not-so-comfortable seat at the community table.
Thoughts, in order of best to worst. Excellent: vegetable tagine. Lemon yogurt was especially delicious. Very deeply scented combination of spices. Very good: Giant white beans in tomato sauce with a drizzle of something green, and nice chunks of melted feta. Good: Pisco sour, and 'smoke and whisky' ice cream. The latter sounded more exciting than it tasted, but still, subtle and unique. Meh: Pecan tart that the aforementioned ice cream accompanied. Too sweet, and too ordinary. Nope: Beet and goat cheese with toasts. Was really excited about this, but it ended up being pretty uninspired. And, hello! Mini toast overload!Now, haven't mentioned the space itself, which is nice and open. But anyone who still believes I go out to eat for the ambiance...tsk, tsk. That's all.
YUM! Nopa's food is Excellent!First off, there are a few things I don't really love and rarely order--Burgers, Fries, and Pork. I don't really like burgers and fries--but my dinner companion ordered it and I hogged half of it! It was deeelicious...perfectly done medium rare, juicy...the bun was buttery and toasted perfectly...oh yummmee. I also got the roasted squash as a side- it was so delicious--crispy on the outside and warm and just a little sweet inside. The next time I went my friend ordered the pork chop--OMG I don't even eat pork chops and this pork chop was juicy, perfectly marbled with fat, melt in your mouth goodness! I had the rotisserie chicken which was really good, though not spectacular. It was moist and flavorful. We also ordered a salad as a starter--something with St. George cheese and walnuts--it was also excellent...I mean it was just a salad but you'd be surprised how easy it is to screw up something as simple as a salad--this salad was dressed perfectly, was super fresh, and the St. George cheese was great.And last but definitely not least--the dessert--Corn ice cream, corn bread and bacon brittle! I think this is THE best dessert I have EVER had in my whole freakin life. I swear. It was so innovative, and it really tasted fabulous together..I'm so sad it's not on the menu anymore. The sweet and creamy corn ice cream was balanced off by the hearty corn bread which was soaked with some maple-ish syrup, and the sweet and salty bacon brittle really rounded the whole dessert off. Some desserts are just too sweet for me--this one had the sweet, the salty, the cruncy, the creamy...everything. It was just SO SO good, I hope it makes a return to NOPA.Service is the only thing I don't love about this place--it is hit or miss. The food comes quickly and the server is attentive, but all three times I've been there at least one of the waiters were pretty unfriendly, and it does help to have a waiter that makes you feel like they want your business..or at least like you don't have Ebola.Service aside, I'll definitely be back to NOPA. I gave it 4 stars, would have been 5 had service been better.
I only had the burger and a few appetizers. A few drinks at the bar. Highly recommended! I was impressed:)
Last night was probably my 100th time coming to this neighborhood hot spot. Yes it's an exaggeration but it has definitely become a fave place for a multitude of reasons. It is located in a beautiful building that blends well with its neighbors (we're talking Divis here, so it's plain but not dirty) yet stands apart from the rest with its multistory windows that line Hayes and the detailed, open architecture on the inside. I love the mural that covers that south wall of the restaurant as it depicts much of the neighborhood's personality.Now onto the food...I order the burger probably 90% of the time because it's quite reasonable priced for the venue ($12) AND they cook it to perfection. You want medium-rare? They will give you medium-rare. No matter how you want it prepared, the meat will always come out tasting moist (without dripping down your hands) and savory. I recommend topping it with a cheese (like Gruyere) and bacon to maximize its deliciousness. I also almost always start out with the flat bread app, which varies depending on what is in season. Other great items include the little fried fish, warm goat cheese, the blessed pork chop (I have never had one better; price point $25), and the fries with their house-made red pepper aioli is delish. The baked pastas are pretty consistent in that they are good but at times can be a bit watery at the base of the dish. The aforementioned dishes are almost always found on the menu but you can find a handful of other seasonal delights to tempt your palette.The drinks are unique, tasty, and they have a wide variety of fine liquors. Like the food menu, their cocktail menu changes from time to time, but they accommodate your thirst by making drinks that are no longer on the menu by request or any other fave drink you might have.The wine list is extensive and I've found some tasty wines there. General price range $30-80/bottle. Try the Fort Ross '05 Pinot ($65) with the pork chop and you will be thinking about that meal for days on end.Desserts also vary with the season. I haven't had anything I didn't like. The make a mean Blue Bottle Espresso Martini to pair with your sopapillas. No sweet tooth? They have a fine selection of sherry.Cons: parking, noise level can get up there, long waits (but they take reservations and have a community table), and the front window stares straight into a Popeye's.
I've always liked the food and drinks here but Willie Brown's recent column (July 25 2010) makes it clear that this is a restaurant for celebrities, not ordinary people. If you want to have someone whose sole value to the restaurant is celebrity show up and get seated ahead of you, after you've been waiting for close to an hour, then you will love this place.
I have probably been to Nopa a dozen times, and it has never disappointed yet. The food is excellent. The best items that are usually on the menu are the vegatable tagine and sopapillas. But you really can't go wrong with any of the dishes. The atmosphere is also great. High ceilings, a multi-level dining space, huge windows, and a huge bar that is always packed make it a great space for dinner or drinks.Another big plus is that this place is open late (1 AM) seven days a week, which is pretty rare for San Francisco restaurants. Getting a table can be a bit of a pain because Nopa is still very popular, which means you usually have to book a week in advance (at least) to get a dinner reservation on the weekend. But even if you walk in without a reservation, you can still get a spot at the community table.
Date/Time: Friday - 11pmOccasion: Super late dinnerParty of: TwoOrdered: Flatbread of spicy fennel sausage, olive oil poached albacore, Country pork chop, Grilled broccoli side, and Nectarine ice cream float with cognac pound cakeLocation: Open/high ceilings, trendy, and Total incl gratuity: ~$100After much anticipation, I finally made a trip to NOPA. I have heard some fabulous things about this place. The only reservations they had available was 11pm on a Friday night so despite being ridiculously tired - I decided what the heck...let's do it! We were seated upstairs immediately after arriving. Service was a little slow to greet us but very friendly nonetheless. The flatbread...very interesting. There was an array of toppings from arugula to sausage to feta. I enjoyed it though I'm not sure that I would order it again. The albacore was an excellent choice. Being that it was fish, it was light enough and I felt like it opened up my appetite for the pork chop. And onto the pork chop. I would describe it as heavenly. Omigoodness...I have not eaten a pork chop THAT good in ...well, ever! It was juicy, tender, everything pork should be.  Everyone who dines at NOPA and eats meat absolutely must order the pork. The broccoli side - not much to be said about that. I just needed my daily dose of veggies so I added it. It was an overall pleasant meal. I can finally check it off my list!
NOPA looks awesome from the outside, always bustling with a large, diverse crowd at all hours. However, having dined there twice I have mentally cast it into my list of restaurants whose image outweighs the quality of the food or service. The food is your typical Californian cuisine: a few fish dishes, a pretentious burger, entrees served a la carte so you are forced to pay an additional $5 - $10 for a side of green beans. I actually have no problem with the food per se, but they could do better with creating whole meals and extending the portion size. Also I was not "wow"ed by anything I've tried there. Yes, if you douse corn in cream & butter, it will taste good. It's much more difficult and impressive to create a cuisine where the flavor combinations aren't so transparent.I would go back for drinks in a heartbeat though. I've tried a couple of their cocktails; one with whipped eggwhite meringue on top, and another martini--both were fabulous and unique! If they put as much thought into their food as they did into their cocktail list, I would put this place at the top of my radar for sure.
I met a girl once who used to be a pastry chef here and hand-made over 100 burger buns every night. She got carpal tunnel syndrome and had to stop working as a chef. Quite sad. But what it told me was that the burgers here must be pretty awesome if they even make their own buns. And it's true. I ordered the grass-finished burger and oooooh, how delicious it was.I don't give it 5 stars because I find the restaurant too loud. It's part of the concept, I guess, like a waiting hall, but it's not my perfect scenario. Foodwise, also my friends' dishes that I tried, it was very good.
I have to say I was concerned my experience would be as bad as the last time, but I was totally wrong. Taking the advice of other yelpers and the divine Sage R., we sat at the communal table and ate there. Our server was super fun and friendly, but in a professional way of course. He got a nice tip from us for sure.The food - mussels, frisee salad, vegetable tajine and the parparadelle. Everything was fantastic! I have no complaints whatsoever. You have restored my faith.
I love this place and luckily can walk to it from my apartment. The first time i tried NOPA i went through the trouble of booking reservations through opentable, if you have tried to get a table through open table you know it can be a bit difficult, especially on fri, sat. So now instead of trying to make reservations i just walk over order a drink and wait around for a space to open up at the bar or at the communal table which is great! I have yet to be disappointed with the food. I have had the flatbread everytime as an app and they usually include bacon, since im a pescetarian no bacon for me so they are able to do half with and half w/out. flatbreads are always a hit! My hubby has had the chicken--Excellent! Fish--delicious! Pasta w/smoked salmon...yummmy. I truly love this place because it clean, fresh food. NOPA to me it pure perfection and whatever you order will be great.
Great ambiance, young and trendy crowd, a bit overrated.Packed on a Friday night and forced to sit at the bar. Bartender was this airhead who had Audrina Patridge ceiling eyes and a blank stoned look everytime you asked her a question. At first I thought she was deaf and the place was extremely loud, but the more I repeated my orders, the more I realized that she PUFF PUFFED but didn't GIVE.Great fish and good wine list.
I like what this place is doing and I like what it has done so far.1) The architecture and atmosphere are quite charming and intimate in lieu of the fact that it is almost always filled to the brim with people (and why wouldn't it be?). The open-kitchen is a theme being used quite often, now...but this place does it very well. Excellent chi.2) A sizable wine list and even more sizable bar shelf. Admirable effort has been taken into making a beautiful cocktail list, full of old favorites and clever, sweet and/or savory concoctions (which usually change along with their seasonal ingredients) that are characteristic enough to flirt with your palate while maintaining a subtle sophistication that whets - rather than stymies - the appetite. (i.e. The Wash House is a great pre-dinner cocktail, and also goes quite well with their tomato dishes/soup appetizers. TIP: try it with a dry, rounded gin, such as Anchor Junipero instead of the listed vodka).3) Food is oh-so-delicious and well prepared. Just the right amount of effort is put into making the look and taste of each dish aesthetically pleasing without being garish (either in terms of portions or flavor). As with the drinks - the chefs do a great job of accentuating each dish while letting the original flavors of the food speak for themselves...I don't give a specific example, because as you read this; the menu has probably changed.4) Servers are very nice and professional given how bustling it is, which is a testament to their hiring process, I believe...since a truly busy restaurant can't always be held accountable for micromanaging the behavior it's staff. Very high stress, for sure. Regardless: after taking away our empty appetizer plates, our server came to our table to warn us that our entree was probably another 12 minutes off which - while being a bit of a downer gastronomically - was a hell of a boost in my view of altruism among strangers. (Too far? Neeeeeeaaaaaaah).The I'm left only a little unnerved by their floor plan (which is otherwise fantastic) but calls for dozens of wine glasses and towels/napkins to be out on an open table in the middle of the floor. While I can see this being a testament to the classy-yet-intimate mood of the restaurant; it's probably not a good idea considering the traffic around the main floor and potential for a HUGE accident.Definitely one of my favorites in the SF area.
Delish, creative brunch offerings. Goat cheese bread pudding, smoke trout, and sparkling wine- /gin-based drinks were all great. Blue Bottle espresso martini topped it all off nicely. Can you tell I like some sauce with my brunch? hah
this is review is for brunch only.hostess not very competent.cant remember what i ordered even though it was less than 3 weeks ago...something with pork in it...it was good but not like i'd be daydreaming about it like i do with gary danko. best brunch so far in my sf visits has been at foreign cinema...it was a bit pricey here which i don't mind if the food is really good but it was just aiiight....i might consider coming back to try dinner because i like the atmosphere. also, parking is a big pain in the ass. sometimes i hate sf.
NOPA is a great place to check out. I highly recommend doing so. I'm not big on the swine, but the pork chops is the best that I have ever tasted! They also made this wine braised calamari on flat bread that was the shit! (Very good!) They change their regular menu often, offering fresh and new entrees to try. I have never been disappointed with anything that I had there.Also, be sure to get yourself and Old Cuban. I frequent this place and will return soon.
At the last minute, i decided to take a friend up on her love for NOPA and venture over. She said that it's a really really hard place to get a reservation at, so she usually stands at the bar and mingles with people. But, at 7 something on a crowded Wednesday night, we walked in, and were able to get 2 seats at the coveted kitchen counter right away. My friend luvs this place, and like me, values good food in a nice comfortable atmosphere at reasonable prices. We shared a flat bread pizza, asking the waitress if it would be possible to make it half veggie. Not a problem. She even remembered which one of us eats the meat and made sure to put the meat side in front of the meat eater. We then shared a burger and fries, asking the waitress if it would be possible to put the meat on a separate plate for the meat eater. Not a problem. Since we were seating next to the kitchen, I was sitting next to Alejandro, who executes all the plates before they go out to the tables. He noticed that me, the veg, had a plain bun with some lettuce and fries. I told him i would "make it into a veggie hamburger, like In-and-Out serves, which means all the fixings between a bun, sans the meat." So, without my even asking, he personally went to the kitchen and chopped up some tomatoes and avocado for me to add to my make-shift veggie burger. SO NICE! Thanks Alejandro! If I wasn't driving, I'd have taken advantage of those amazeballs cocktails passing by me. NEXT TIME! Portions are humungous, prices are favorable, and food is d*lish. A cool scene. Not pretentious, not stuffy, and not touristy. Just right.
You know, I'm not a sommelier or wine connoisseur by any means, but what's wrong with a good ol' glass of chardonnay, pinot grigio, or sauv. blanc? Well, according to NOPA, these wines are too simple...or...too common for the likes of this place. I actually didn't recognize one label of alcohol in the restaurant... I must be too normal...or something. We ordered the infamous pork chop. WHAT a disappointment. If you're not a fan of a slab (literally, this was the largest chop I've ever seen) of meat smothered in its own fat, then I'd not order the chop. The brussels sprouts were mediocre. I make better sprouts at my house for a whole lot less in terms of cost...We ordered a burger...um...I don't you know about you, but nothing really beats In-N-Out...frankly. So, $13 for some "organicy blah blah" beef is too much for me. PLUS, it's literally beef on a bun...nothing else. Oh...I guess you can count the pickled onions as a topping?The one good thing? Pretty nice waiter and GREAT BUTTER!!!! Apparently, they churn the butter "in house", so it's honestly amazing butter. If you go, definitely ask for bread and notice the deliciousness of the butter. YUM! So GOOD!
I'm giving this place a qualified four star review. The only significant issue is that it's LOUD in there. It's not easy to have a casual conversation. But the food, service, and drinks are all pretty spot on. If you're willing to raise your voice a little and don't mind the surrounding tables knowing the intimate details of your life, consider this a 5-star review.
Stopped in for some late night apps and a couple of drinks. Lively atmosphere and good food. The drinks were tasty too.
I drool as i write this review for even thinking of their delicious food makes me weak in the knees. Everything hear is always cooked perfectly. Great atmosphere, and if you split it with a group, the price isn't too bad as well and you get to try a little of everything! Obsessed with their pork chop and their little doughnuty-pillows with cinnamon caramel sauce for dessert :)
Nopa was the restaurant the changed Divisadero Street forever. With the addition of the restaurant several years ago, other places have followed in opening the one of the newest neighborhoods, Nopa (North of the Panhandle).I love the space for that restaurant. It feels very open and chic. I prefer sitting upstairs, then I can get a dinner and a show so speak, you can't understand until you sit there.Some of my favorites that no longer exist on the menu, at least I haven't seen them in a while were the steak with blue-cheese butter and the first french fry sauce. My friends and I used to get the fries and used three to four order of the sauce. The owner told me that some people loved it and other hated it! I think a fair compromise is to offer two to three sauces and let people choose.Any first course is delicious, no matter what. I love the flat bread, every one of them and the goat cheese especially. For second courses, I love the pork chops and the tagine.As to the bar, it is a great concept. Open air, organic drinks, and they make there own sparkling water. How can you go wrong there? You can't, it is just great.I miss some of the former items, so I have to give it a four.
A group of 7 of us met there for dinner Saturday night. We did not have reservations but staked the place out at 5:30 in hopes of a seat. They were able to accommodate us upstairs right at 6pm. We sat at the communal table and ordered drinks and appetizers. The crispy chickpeas were ok, not spicy and, well, crispy. The roased calamari was fantastic, probably the best calamari I've ever had. The lardo with figs and goat cheese was good, the goat cheese was very mild. I think that it for appetizers. For dinner, I think we spanned the menu with orders. i personally had the braised short ribs over paparedelle and for the first time in 4 years of subscribing to Bon Appetit I am planning on writing to RSVP to see if they'll try and get that recipe. I can not express to you how good that dish was - very light but full of flavor. My gf had the goat cheese crostini - it was good, and we shared the bries with basil aoli. Others had the pork chop, lamb and a few of the small plates to share. For dessert we shared the creme brulee (my favorite) the johnny cake and the Almond cake. I loved all of it. Service was fantastic and I couldn't have been more pleased. Great for a visit!
This place is tip top! Great food every time, with fantastic mixed drinks to match. They also have a pretty good beer selection. Service is pretty good. You get the swanky vibe going but it isn't so unbearably status seeker-ish. Whether you sit above, below or at the bar you bound to have great food, great drinks and great service. I have a new top 10 favorite restaurants.
A bit on the pretentious side, but really really really good. My girlfriend and I went for the burger and we're not disappointed. It didn't turn out quite a big as it looks like in pictures, but was even more delicious than i could have imaginedThe people next to us had the pork chop, and it looked great too. However, they were also a table full of a-hole's who took the time to eavesdrop and make comments on our conversation, but I can't blame the restaurant for that.Great bacon too - GREAT BACON
I flat bread didn't taste as good this time around for some reason =(
I come here a lot. And here's what I have to add to what everyone else has said:* The owner/exec. chef (Laurence?) is there frequently--not just hanging out or overseeing things, but actually working as an expeditor/chef--and will chat you up if you're sitting at the kitchen counter. You'd never know that it's the guy from 7x7, SF Mag, etc., unless you had read the article prior to your visit.* One night, as I was sitting at the counter, I saw them making the buns for the burgers. Get this: they were baking them on the grill as the burger cooked! I've never seen that anywhere. They put a raw round of dough on the grill and let it cook-up. I cannot describe how absolutely cool and delicious that looked next to the various burgers and pork chops sweating and creating the most delicious smell.All that in addition to the amazing staff, the energy of the dining room, excellent wine list, awesome, rotating specialty drinks (see: the Wash House) and of course the divine food.GET THE PORK CHOP!
My wife & I had brunch on Saturday & it was delicious. The kielbasa was my favorite & it was after I mentioned that - we found out they do all of their sausages by hand. The cocktail menu was very unique & tasty - lots of great options. Walking distance from Haight-Ashbury which was great since we were shopping there before our meal. Can't wait till our next trip so we can check out the dinner menu!
Yummy! The whole time we were there, we couldn't stop raving about the food and the drinks! We had the sweet corn and the flat bread and the melon granata for dessert. My only regret is not being hungry enough to try more!Cannot wait to go back!
I think I'd sound like a broken record if I were to state how amazing the pork chops at NOPA are. Not only did every review I read about NOPA state this, but also the review highlights pointed this out and my friend who was kind enough to take me to NOPA wanted to come here solely for the dang pork chops.Now I'm not even mad about that, it's just I've never been the pork chop type of gal, let alone the pork type of gal. Perhaps pork just built a bad reputation from my perspective because everyone in my life speaks so lowly of it. I either hear about pigs having tapeworms or some sort of nonsensical baloney concerning a pig's diet affecting its performance as pork (something about pigs eat everything therefore they're dirty?) I don't know, but all that nonsense left me brainwashed, until the day I came to NOPA.Okay pork story short, the pork chops are pretty dang good. And that's coming from a girl who has a low affinity towards pork. I also like the grilled peach that came as a side with the pork chops. I never knew grilled fruit could be so delicious. Besides the pork, we tried the albacore, rabbit, two different types of Riesling and some Grappa. Now the albacore was so succulent, soft and delicious and the sides that came with it were just as tasty. The rabbit was just as great, but I wasn't too much of a fan of the soupiness of the dish. I should have stuck to a more drier meal. As for dessert, I had the apricot flavored grappa and my friend had the carrot flavored grappa. I'm going to say NOPA to GRAPPA. I'm not so much of a fan of grappa. I'd rather stuff my face in a fat chocolate cake than indulge in grappa for dessert. But what the hey, the dinner was scrumptious, the wine was sweet and the service was... pretty good I suppose. At one point we couldn't figure out who our server was because not only do the servers somewhat look alike, but they also don't have a uniform. I came to the conclusion that the servers at NOPA wear flannel shirts... but then again... it seemed as if every man in that restaurant wore a darn flannel...
I dont think my review will be any surprise to anyone out there. NOPA is a great choice for a good group or an nice date. My GF and I showed up with no reservation and had to wait about 30 minutes for a table around 11PM. Late night! But we were able to get a drink first and got a seat upstairs. Those seats are awesome. You get to see the whole restaurant, people watch, see what others are eating, the bar, the kitchen... yeah the whole restaurant. We had a resling, grilled calamari, black cod, and espresso maritini. Nice light, tasty meal. Next time I go back Im going to make a reservation for the tables upstairs for sure.
The food here is amazing. The restaurant is simple and to the point in a good way. Loved the service, the drinks, and you can't go wrong with the entrees.Tip: If you can't get a reservation/last minute dinner, go early when the restaurant opens (half an hour before the kitchen opens), put in your name on the waiting list. We were given an hour wait time, walked around for an hour and were seated promptly when they said we would be. Worth it.
Its been said, but Nopa really is as good as everyone says. When I can actually get reservations, Nopa is pretty close to being perfect. Its my go-to place for out of town guests to show them California cuisine done right and with a great atmosphere. It never disappoints - the food is fantastic, drinks are great, the service is always great, and there isn't a bad table in the house. I have yet to try brunch, I've only had dinner. I will continue to go back again and again and I am sure it will always live up to the hype and my expectations.
Very good food. I really liked that it was packed, but didn't really feel like it at our table. We sat upstairs and it didn't seem noisy at all. They did a nice job with the service. The best kind of service I think is when you don't even notice it. Well done.
If I were just rating just the food, this would be an easy five-star, but overall I have to dock them a star for service and atmosphere. Our waiter seemed to be actively ignoring us throughout the night (it took a lot of long stares/glares to get him to come over and refresh our drinks). The food, though, was super-good. I had the petrale sole (bone-in, be warned), fingerling potatoes, and a Pisco sour, all of which were absolutely delicious. The dining space is nicely lit and decorated but it was a little noisy and the tables were crowded a little too close to each other.I would defintely give this place a second shot, especially since the menu rolls with the seasons.Oh! And the dessert was also fantastic! We had an olive oil cake with rosemary and Meyer lemon sauce. This alone would be worth a return visit.
I rarely give 5 stars and rarely have not enough words for a review... NOPA may possibly be my favorite restaurant in San Francisco. I've been here twice in 1 month and I would go over and over and over again for any reason at any time...GET the Pork Chop - medium Rare. Don't ask questions - just get it. It's worth the hype.GET the Duck - it's a VERY close second to the country Pork Entre..GET the Bread Pudding for Dessert. Ridiculously deliciousGET the Cab/Merlot blend by the glass. Amazing wine, reminds me of Trefethen from Napa.TRY the Mussels. They're big and tasty.
Thank you NOPA for being a consistent winner in the "late night eats" category, never failing me in expectations. Delicious goat cheese crostini with frisee and beets. Wonderful lamb entree. Enjoyed the friendly staff and excellent service. Will be coming back again and again.
Nopa is always packed. Even with reservations one usually has to wait. For Cocktails, I recommend the Manzanita and The Blur. The Baked Goat Cheese with Pickled Beets, Frisee, & Crostini is full of flavor. The House Smoked Trout, Sugar Snap Peas, Ricotta, & Chervil is really good as well. The Flatbread of Bacon, Rapini, & Gruyere is very tasty. When it comes to Dessert I recommend the Butterscotch Icebox Tart, Warm Chocolate Souffle, and Parfait. They are all very delicious.
Get the sopaidillas dessert. Killer burnt caramel sauce.Eat the burger. The meat is cooked in a killer way.Have a cocktail. Those are pretty killer, too.And did you know "lamb quarters" are vegetables? Oh, yes.Mmm.
This place is pretty good, my only complaint is that there is NEVER any parking.
had a reservation for 9, everyone was there already except for me got off work late.parking is HORRIBLE. but doesnt its not the restaurants fault.i dont know why but they comped and gave us 2 chicken dishes and 2 dessert dishes.menu list is very limited. but food is great i guess they only serve what they are good at making then.
Went right to the restaurant from the airport. Walked in with enough baggage that it looked like I might possibly have decided to make this restaurant my new home. However, the girl at the front could have cared less (in a good way) and had no problem storing everything in a closet behind the "check in place" God help me, I cannot remember what you call that thing....I'm losing it for sure. I was starving and open to eating anything. I ordered the pasta dish. My cousin (who I met there) said it was totally yummy. Typical of me, I don't remember exactly what meat was mixed in but I do believe it was sausage. Right before I got my meal, my cousin's son walked in and he ordered the burger. Our meals arrived one after the other and typical of me, as soon as I saw what he had, I wanted it. The pasta sauce was a marinara and it was somewhat watery. The sausage tasted a bit too salty and there was very little melted cheese on top which bothered me because when they describe the dish on a menu, I expect to get an even amount of everything and well, the ratio of pasta/sausage to cheese was about four to one. My cousin's son (I have no idea what that makes him in relation to me) his meal, was amazing. The fries were perfect and the burger with the bleu cheese on top was just the right size and totally delicious. How do I know? Because he had no choice but to let me taste it because I'm Jewish and that's what we do, we lean over and take bits and bites of each others' meal and half the time we don't even ask permission. The place was a little too loud for me. But then again, so many of the newer restaurants seem not care about their acoustics which for me can be a total deal breaker. The bar area was full of goodlooking men who I will never have the chance to know. I soothe myself by reminding me that in a city like San Francisco, whose to say that any of them would have been interested in a woman anyway.
if you go to NOPA and you miss the burger, then do not say i didn't tell you! it's just.. AWESOME. even if it's one of most cheap plate of menu (basically a bit expensive)! :-Pyou can also go there for drinking a cocktail or eat chips with friends.staff is really nice and friendly, and the place is so modern and full of young people.definitely a go-back restaurant.
Really amazing, great food, fun atmosphere. beautiful place.
I have been meaning to come to NOPA for years now but usually couldn't get in due to my last minute reservations. We finally got a reservation on a very busy Wednesday night. I had high expectations for this restaurant, but was disappointed by the food. Everything looked so amazing on the menu that our group of three shared 4 or 5 appetizers and 2 entrees. We ordered the rabbit entree and all felt the rabbit was way too chewy. We expressed our dissatisfaction with the plate at the end of the meal after only eating a bite from it and the waitress was kind enough to take it off of our bill. No complaints on the burger, which was juicy and cooked perfectly to medium-rare. Out of all the appetizers we ate, I can't say that we really loved any of them. They were just so-so.It's possible that we ordered the wrong dishes or came on an off night, but given how many dishes we tasted, the odds weren't good.
i met a couple friends here after attending a fabulous yelp party at plant warehouse. i was worried that they'd been waiting for too long for me as it was crowded and busy but they assured me the bartender had taken good care of them. before i knew it, one of the bartenders was waiving me down with a menu of drinks to look over. i thought that was pretty great service. score.my first drink while we waited for our table was the cocchi cup which consisted of cocchi americano, rye whiskey, lemon juice, and ginger beer. holy refreshing. this was by far the most refreshing whiskey drink i've ever experienced. the other two in my party tasted and absolutely agreed.we were waiting for a table but three seats opened up at the bar so we snagged them. we quickly ordered the smoked trout bruschetta while looking over the dinner menu. the trout bruschetta was absolutely wonderful. the spread they used on the bread was addicting and the trout melted in my mouth.curiousity got the best of me while we waited for our entrees and i ordered the blue bottle cocktail that i'd seen a few other folks drinking. oh.my.god. one of the best cocktails i've ever had. ever. basically an espresso martini with freshly made espresso.i got the pork chop and it was by far the best pork chop i've ever had. brined perfectly and the smoky level was absolutely spot on. honestly, i went here a couple weeks ago and can't the sides even though they were great. the pork chop took over my brain, apparently.it's a busy place and has an awesome vibe. i love the open kitchen and being able to see all the delicious dishes being made. definitely a great place to take a hot date.
Dessert: one of my favorites in the city. Sopaipillas.
Definitely a hot-spot for San Francisco foodies willing to pay for a "local sustainable" meal. Not too fancy, but fancy enough to where the menu is printed on fine off-white paper without any lamination, pictures, graphic designs or any trace of color. All the menu items and prices are simply listed, with prices rounded up to the dollar. NOPA doesn't mess around with small change. I mention this detail cause often times you can tell right off the bat what to expect from the style of a menu.Lots of people go here for drinks, food and the atmosphere. The large 20 foot, ceiling high windows give a spacious feel to the constant crowd of people that flood this restaurant. I especially like that they serve grass-fed hamburgers. All in all, it's simple food with bit of class and great service.
FINALLY tried this place! I made a reservation for 2, 3 weeks in advance and the only time available on a Monday night was 6 pm! Regardless, what a great ambiance even on a Monday night. It felt like a Fri or Sat night. Here's the breakdown:1) Ambiance = 5 stars ( yes even on a Monday) The kitchen is out in the open, which is pretty cool.2) Service = 5 stars (excellent service, very friendly/helpful and all around genuine and warm smiles from everyone working there)3) Appetizers: - Warm marinated olives (good! what you'd expect)- Flatbread of House Smoked Bacon, Eggplant, Pimientos de Padrn and Gruyre = 5 stars ---- it was way better than what I expected. 4) Entrees: - Grilled Country Pork Chop, Sweet Corn, Roasted Peaches and Escarole = 5 stars---- best pork chop I've ever had, and I asked for medium instead of how they normally serve it - medium rare. Normally Pork chops end up being dry. This place cooked it amazingly. It was juicy and flavorful. Loved the corn/escarole/peach combo- Braised Duck Leg, Fresh Shelling Beans and Black Mission Figs = 5 stars----- Absolutely loved all the flavors that came together in this dish. I normally do not like duck, but this dish made me LOVE duck. It's that good.5) Desserts -- these 2 desserts were great together:- Sopaipillas - Cinnamon Caramel = 5 Stars----- oh so amazing. Delicious fresh hot donuts with sinnamon caramel, absolute heaven. - Trio of Sorbets and Ice Cream - Lavender Shortbread = 4.5 stars---- We were recommended to get the trio of sorbet WITH the sopaipillas donuts. So delicious. The flavors we had were: Raspberry, peach and apple (tasted like apple pie!!)
This easily would have been 5 but our server was a bit absent. The food was fantastic.
My first impression of Nopa: LOUD. I've been to my share of bustling and high volume establishments, but the acoustics here made it really difficult for me to communicate with my dinner date. We were reading each other's lips for most of the evening. We started with the kale salad and a flatbread with sardines and arugula. Both were excellent. I ordered the burger with cheddar and it was decent. No complaints here. However, my husband's pork chop had some dry parts and was disappointingly underwhelming. We had heard such great things about the Nopa pork chop, and sadly it did not live up to the hype. The service was a tad spotty but still friendly. The pacing of the food could've been better. The salad and flatbread came out within 5-10 minutes of ordering our food and the entrees took at least another hour after we were done with those. Overall it was a fair experience and I will most likely return in the future, but I'm not rushing to go back.
Being a person who enjoys good food and eating at as many new restaurants as I can, I felt a little behind the 8 ball with Nopa. It seemed like everybody and their mother had already eaten here while I'd idly sat by watching the parade pass me by. So, taking matters into my own hands, I made a reservation for a group and ate there last weekend.The first thing that struck me is how big the place was. I almost couldn't believe that this was a San Francisco restaurant. I really dug the decor of the place - minimalist and a bit industrial, juxtaposed with a warmth about it. The service was a little slow, but the place was absolutely packed, so we understood. I ordered the porkchop. OMFG. I've never had such a juicy flavorful porkchop. I also stole some bites from someone's plate of the duck and it was delicious as well. I'm not really a big mallard fan, but Nopa does something magical with it. I wouldn't be surprised if I went back to the kitchen and magical gnomes were enchanting the food (sorry, I've been reading the Narnia books and I think it's creeping into my psyche).All in all, a good dining experience. All of the good reviews are well warranted.
I've been complaining that many of the restaurants in this city do not hold up to the standards I saw in Boston for many years. Nopa does. They have great no-nonsense service, and use fresh local ingredients. Have you seen their food blog? Loves it! The cod was soft and buttery, my boyfriends Chicken was a huge portion and perfectly golden, and most wonderful was the attention to freshness and perfection of the vegetables. The one thing about this place is that it is very very hyped up, so much so that it is bound to be a bit of a let down. The menu itself is not that unique or creative, it's just well done. The wait was an hour and a half on a Wednesday evening, so do make a reservation days in advance.
Went a few times and it's always packed when I'm there ... I do tend to bring a crowd.I only had drinks but it was good and I had this green drank since everyone had one. Good, fun, hip crowd ... i guess, was to buzzed.Maybe i'll go there for dinner.
I loved this place. Great environment. Great service. Fantastic food.
- food: ungodly- atmosphere: loud but awesome- price: special occasions-level- staff: niceadditional info:- going back for sure!
Pretty awesome place, I like the vibe, the food, and the wait staff is really nice. So, the story. My girlfriend treated me here for my birthday once, and we had a great time. She'd been before, but it was my first time. Now, as far as good food at reasonable prices goes, I still find that we can't top the Woodberry Kitchen in Baltimore ($67 for two, with wine, 3 apps, 2 entrees, 2 desserts) which we call the Chez-Panissse of the east coast, but NOPA might be pretty comparable (with S.F. prices, though). When we walked in, I got a vibe of NOPA not being pretentious, and the food was very, very satisfying. My girlfriend and I shared the roasted tomato soup (awesome, LOVED the grilled bread soaked in tomato juice in the soup), french fries (nice and salty!) a green/yellow beans with grape tomatoes, basil and butter (too buttery for me, the only slight let down, even though they were nice and crunchy!), a delicious schuberer wine (riesling-like, did I say delicious? yum!), and the herbed chicken and grilled pork chop for our entrees. The chicken was so tender, juicy and crispy that we loved it. My pork chop was soooo meaty and well cooked (not salty, not oily, etc.) it was really delicious! Then we had a souffle for dessert (it was really more of a lava-cake) with smoked chocolate, chocolate mousse, and a lavender sauce which was delicious. The wait staff put a candle on the plate, I got a happy birthday song, and then we stumbled home, satiated, and very happy. Anyway, I would definitely recommend this place! If you are driving here, heed the parking warning (we walked, but live in the neighborhood, so we know how hard parking is around here).
Reasons not to go the NOPA:1. There is no parking.2. The bar is ridiculously crowded.3. I have an ex who lives in the neighborhood. Reasons to go to NOPA:1. The frickin porkchop!2. The frickin porkchop!3. The frickin porkchop!
Wow. Just wow. I had a birthday dinner here with my friends last week, and I don't think I've ever seen everybody clean their plates so thoroughly. This is even after eating an appetizer, bread, and their complimentary apple slices with almond butter. We ordered the flatbread with bacon, figs, and arugula to start. The sweet figs perfectly complemented the bacon, and the arugula added a spicy dimension. YUMMY! Then I had the braised chicken that melted in my mouth and fell of the bone. NOPA is so amazing, I would move to the neighborhood just so I could eat there everyday.
Great food, drinks, atmosphere & service..
NOPA is wonderful, steep, but oh so wonderful. I've been with a group of friends and alone with my boyfriend, it is the perfect atmosphere for any occasion! Well, that is if you manage to book a table. The food was to die for! For starters, the goat cheese and crostini were perfection. The flatbread was good too, but the goat cheese..mmm baby. I've tried several entrees. Personally, I've ordered the roast chicken and the pork chop, go with the chop for sure. I've mooched off of the pappardelle, the grass fed burger, the duck, and the rabbit. The duck was seared and served with thinly sliced apples and candied walnuts, it was seriously breath taking. The real show stopper was the rabbit! I was a rabbit virgin at the time and I almost lost my shit. It was paired with brussel sprouts and pureed polenta. It was the best thing, ever. Aaaaaand for dessert the apple crisp made me cry. It was crispy, flaky, apple-y goodness. Cocktails are interesting but not really worth my chedda. The cocci cup is my fave. So is the Blue Bottle cocktail.Love you NOPA!
Best pork chop - ever! I gave this place 5 stars because everything i've tried here is well done. On top of that it's a great place to people watch and the place has some swagger.
cdn.memegenerator.net/in
great place. -1 for hard parking. took me 30mins to find one bout half a mile away. now as for the food it is worth it to go there n make sure u got reservations because it is packed. i dont drink so i cant comment on the bar other than its a bar. porkchops great as well as the burger (btw it is served w a lot of fries). the flat bread is good too. yea definitely will be back. price is bout $20 per plate.
I went to NOPA for the first time last night after playing tennis and after going to hear Robert Earl Keen at Hardly Strictly Blue Grass at the Golden Gate Park, so maybe I was starving. Everything looked good from our vantage point at chef's table - I just stared longingly at the chicken on the rotisserie as we waited, seeing multiple plates come out of the wood-burning oven also made waiting interesting - and every item we ordered was heaven: flatbread with housemade chorizo, escarole, orange cherry tomatoes; olive oil poached albacore, avocado, cucumber, smoked cayenne pepper; housemade pappardelle with spicy fennel sausage, orange cherry tomatoes. Mmmmmmm. When should I go back?
Age discrimiantion is a terrible thing - don't let it happen to you - it could come between you and an evening of top-notch small plates and tasty-hard large cocktails.One of our group of three was particularly concerned that we would feel out of place in a sea full of 24-year-olds - old codgers that we are - but we need not have worried, as we blended in quite well, and there were actually many people much older than us in the house - and I guess you are as young as you feel - actually we are not THAT old! We walked right in on a Saturday night - the place was packed to the gills with youngsters and we made a half-hearted attempt to get a table, putting our name on the list but not expecting much - instead we made straight for the bar - that's where the acclaimed specialty beverages would be after all, right - and we lucky to find a small spot for two by the bar, where we three could squeeze in. (I was the gentleman and had to stand - although, being an Englishman, I find standing and drinking no great hardship.)We quickly ordered from the some what exotic, but tasteful cocktail list - mine was a delightfully subtle "Elderflower Gimlet" - so subtle, so delightful, I had pound down a couple hard and fast, in rapid succession - highly recommended.The whole shebang at the bar is quite a buzz, with lively, loud, conversational around and the food and beverages coming and going quickly all around. After about 45 minutes of good natured hustle and bustle, our maitre dit came to ask if we were still looking for a table, but by now we were already tucking in to ample cheese plates, flat-bread and the cocktails, so we were no longer in the mood for settling down. It really was rather busy and hectic though - but at least we managed to blend in - and the vibe was busy, but chill. Although when we came to leave, the older lady next to us was rather pushy - asking when we leaving every couple of minutes after she cottoned on that we were leaving soon and was angling for a stool for her daughter. I was perfectly polite, of course, and said that it would be soon. But on the third ask in as many minutes, she was out of line. This is no way to behave in a chill joint like this. You have to just go with the flow - stay cool - blend in - you are young as you feel. I resisted the urge to tell her back off GRANDMA! :)
NOPA is right next to my house and ALWAYS full. I have heard amazing things, but only finally tried it this past weekend due to my lack of being able to make a reservation I can stick with a month in advance.. haha. My girlfriends and I shared about 6 plates... none of them dissapointed! Fun ambiance and great food. The only reason I didnt give 5 stars is it is a little on the pricey side, for the type of simple food it is. I will definitely be back!
I visit the awesome city of San Francisco often for conferences and to see friends, and I usually have to take a relatively late evening arrival flight from Atlanta. We usually made do with delivery, but my friends took me here last time and -I'll go here every visit for our late night arrival meal!I ordered my usual drink - Jack and Ginger, and it was made with ginger beer instead of the usual ginger ale. It Was Righteous. We were seated quickly (it was post-11 both times) and between our parties, we've pretty much tried every thing on the menu. A couple items weren't memorable, but overall, moans of delight were heard. About the food. Shame on you.highlights: the oft-mentioned pork chop, Moroccan Tagine, grilled artichokes, flatbread.It was a bit noisy, but we're usually in the mood for a high-energy spot and this was it. Service was what we wanted - familiar but not too much so.
This review is for both Nopalito and Nopa catering. My husband and I contacted Allyson at Nopalito regarding their catering services for our wedding in October. Here's a list of the reasons why we thought they were AMAZING:1) Even though Nopa doesn't traditionally cater, we asked Allyson whether it would be possible to have a Nopalito food station and a Nopa food station. She made it happen. Her husband, Laurence, the head chef at Nopa was there in the kitchen at our reception site making sure all the food was perfect. 2) When we started talking about drinks, she got Yanni (head bartender @ Nopa) to work with us to make a few signature cocktails. Yanni made us some awesome drinks and worked with us to make them perfect. So delicious.3) We brought in our own desserts for a dessert buffet. The staff helped us set everything up beautifully.4) We had many friends and family telling us that this was the best food they've ever had at a wedding. =) [Granted, they might've been saying that to make us feel special! hahaa]5) In addition, folks came up to us during the reception to say how sweet and nice the servers and bartenders were. They went above and beyond to make the experience amazing for us and the guests. (Including making sure the bride and groom had a full plate of food to eat without prompting.)6) Behind the scene prowess. The chefs had some electricity problems in the kitchen during set-up. The team took care of everything and made sure that it wasn't an additional stress on us. Seriously, I didn't really know what happened until after the event. I'm sure Allyson was responsible for that. She was great at making everything happen. Thank you Allyson, Laurence, Yanni and the entire staff!!
I absolutely love the atmosphere at NOPA. Even late night during the week it's very lively and full. So make reservations or plan on waiting a while at the bar, which is not a bad option either. Very friendly and knowledgeable, and great service. I thought both the wines and the food were fairly priced, and the food portions were generous. Like everyone that's written here, I've tried their best-ever pork chops. But last visit I tried an off menu special of braised short ribs. Fabulously tender and full flavored. Love that it's open late so you can still late night dine after a show or theatre.
Hubs chose NOPA while researching for our SF trip but the only reservation time he could get was 9PM. It was late so I told him that I didn't want to go there. Little did I know that 9PM is a tiny sacrifice for a table at NOPA.On the Saturday that we were in SF, I kept hearing that their food was amazing so I started to feel bad that I denied my hubs NOPA. I tried my luck on Open Table to see if we could score reservations and 10:30PM popped up. My first reaction was "who the heck eats dinner at 10:30PM!?!" but we proceeded to take the 10:30PM slot to secure it IF we did decide that we wanted to go. It actually worked out okay because after our day of eating/walking around SF, we were pooped so we took a nap, woke up, got ready and headed to NOPA for dinner. I couldn't believe the place was still packed by the time we were seated!Both hubs and I ordered the grey hound because it's our favorite drink and the server highly recommended it. It was so tasty and refreshing- they squeeze the grapefruit to order. I really wanted the pappardelle so we ordered it as an appetizer. They ran out of their usual 9 hour bolognese so they were serving it with fava pesto and fennel sausage. The pasta itself was SO good. It was cooked perfectly and the consistency of the pasta was heavenly. Hubs ordered the burger and I ordered the pork chops. We were both surprised that something that seems so mundane as burgers and pork chops were so good. The burger was the best burger that either of us had ever had. The flavor of the beef was incredible! It was thick and juicy and cooked to perfection. The pork chops were also equally as impressive. It was cooked a little shy of medium which I had no problem with. Honestly, I wasn't too crazy about the mustard seed vinaigrette that the pork chops came with- it would have been divine with even just salt and pepper- but it was still good. For dessert, we had the the sopaipilles and butterscotch icebox. While both desserts were good, neither of them blew me away.Hubs and I couldn't stop talking about how good NOPA was. We would probably go back on our next trip to SF even though there are tons of other great restaurants in the city.
Amazing food. My favorite was the calamari appetizer. Almost heavenly at first bite, and after I wanted to drink the broth...yes it was that good. We also got the halibut which was super tasty as well. On top of that we got two side dishes which were the sauteed greens and oven roasted green beans. I'm always a big fan of veggie sides, and these didn't disappoint. The flavors on each dish intertwined so nicely, it was delicious!
I was visiting SF over the holidays and I stopped by NOPA around 10PM and grabbed a seat at the bar with my boyfriend. Although I had read good reviews, I wasn't expecting much. We ordered the chicken and shared since we weren't very hungry. It was fantastic! It was enough for both of us and really delicious. We each had a drink and had good service from the bartender. It's fairly priced considering where it is and the quality of food. I highly recommend NOPA.
I can't really write a well-rounded review. On the bartenders suggestion, I ordered a burger my very first time here and I've never ever been able to order anything else. It's perfect. Medium rare. Bacon. Gruyere. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect.Burger aside, this is also a great place to bring babies. They love them. And I don't think it's just because mine is amazing. They have high chairs. Even when they're full, they don't seem to mind seating a couple and baby at a table for four. That, plus the burger, makes this my favorite neighborhood spot.
mi belly happy.FANTASMIC!FOOD:~flatbread w/bacon, garlic confit & spring onions: omfg. they should mass market that sh-- & sell it!!!~marinated monterey squid: oooooh sooo tender, sooo gooood, & the oranges went reeeeally well along with everything else.~grass-fed burger: another phatty dish! not fatty, but my highest compliments. we got with gruyere, but i'd like to try blue next time. pickled onions=sweet perfection. fries were yummy, reminds me of frjtz's but slightly thinner. my only critique, aioli needs wasabi! we dumped hella black pepper into it.~love love loved my wine: touriga franca-tinta roriz "vale do bonfim," douro 2005. the taste was earthy yet elusive, like the melting sensation of cotton candy.~complimentary amuse bouche of carrot hummus on homemade crostini with maldon sea salt: really good!!!~sopasaillas with honey-butter sauce: crisp, sugared perfection. honey sauce of the gods. is it just honey & butter? did i taste lavender or orange blossom?SERVICE: really good service. i was very happy with them.DECOR: reminds me of salt house. hostess said she gets "zuni" a lot. beautiful windows. we sat upstairs, & framed in those huge windows, a cop car drove by that actually looked ethereally beautiful, it's flashing lights were like silver christmas ornaments glinting off the wet streets haha. (the only downside to this whole thing is the neighborhood: divis). weird mural upstairs.BATHROOM: I LOVE THE BATHROOM!!! i haven't been this excited about a bathroom in years. they got it absolutely right. this calls for bullet points:   ~2 private stalls for each gender--that's a lot! & private stalls are the best! mine was not big, but definitely enough room.   ~every bathroom door comes (as it should) with a vacant/occupied sign. it's alarming when someone tries to open the door when you're in there! a bathroom should be the ultimate zen room for relaxation. when someone yanks the door handle, i tense up hehe.   ~shared sink! this saves valuable space that can be used for more stalls instead. also gives u a chance for intergender social interaction. i should be the CEO of a bathroom consulting firm. i know clubs like the mirror outside if it's a single stall cuz they don't want girls taking forever in front of it.   ~i love how the sink is a trough. AND it has a grate over the basin! u can put stuff on the grate & it won't touch the basin! i dunno y, that's just cool. i mean, it seems practical.   ~their paper towel dispensers don't require you to press a handle or lever to dispense! love that! i don't want to get my clean hands dirty again by touching some public handle. & they have a simple dispenser, like a kleenex box where u pull one off the top. it's genius, it's simple, not complicated like those hand-waving electric ones. sure, air dryers are most eco-friendly, but sometimes i need some fibrous material to dab at something or it just feels good or damnit sometimes u just need a paper towel! i like how u pull up on the towel, too. the other ones where u pull down, the towels end up falling out or getting stuck. r we monkeys? y didn't we figure this out before? so simple! wow, i'm really into this paper towel dispenser.OVERALL: i heart nopa! & it's open till 1 am! i'm a happy girl.
Maybe I went on the wrong night but I wasn't thrilled. I went late night because it was the only decent place open but almost fell asleep inside because of the lack of service. The food was ok. Some dishes were great, others not so much. It was a little hard to cut/eat.. It just seemed like a lot of money for waiting...and having to stay for 2 hours when I'd finished at the 1 1/2 hour.I'll try it again though.
In town for a conference and a friend suggested NOPA.Hot diggity! Amazing! Nice bar, nice seating, friendly staff.I had the duck and it was really good. Flavorful and just right.It's a cab ride off of the main strip, but worth it.$200 for four with apps, main, drinks, desert, after drinks. Well worth it.
Went last night for dinner, took a friend who is visiting from Australia and knocked her socks off. We had such a great time sitting at the Chef's counter watching the kitchen staff work their magic. Hands down, as good as it gets!
Delicious. Service was very friendly and knowledgeable, so that made up for the noise and wait, but otherwise, a hands-down spectacular experience. I had a delicious cocktail with vodka, lime, thyme and more, my friend had a fantastic cocktail called "death at sunset"(?) made of violet liqueur and absinthe, I believe. The lamb was perfect, the goat cheese appetizer was so delicious we ordered a second and the pickled peppers had everyone laughing and grinning - you never know which ones are hot and which are mild!An exciting, delicious experience that I look forward to enjoying again!MAKE RESERVATIONS or wait over an hour.
This was easily the best pork chop and flatbread I have ever had. I'm looking forward to my next SF trip so I can go and order the same meal again. Everything else my friends ordered looked great too and the service was very good. Amazing restaurant!
I love that this place serves late night and the food is just as delicious towards the end of the evening. My sister LOVES the pork chop and I'm just a fan of pretty much anything on their menu. All the wines recommended by the staff always was perfect. Ambience is fun and comfortable. Parking is challenging, otherwise, I'd come here more often, oh, and if I had a little more cash in the bank account.
The best pork chops! (Way better than Mustard's grill in Napa.) NOPA is the go to place. They're open late and service is always great. Food well prepared and very flavorful. Good wine selection.
Excellent service and a great place for dinner. This is a place where you really get your money's worth. Never had a bad experience here. Best to make reservations, even if it's only a few hours ahead of time it will save you some standing around time.
Went to this place b/c a friend wanted to go for her birthday. She called the day of to score reservations (unique in itself)PROS: I have to admit, the food was good. We tried two appetizers, the warm goat cheese and flat bread. Both were excellent in taste and size. We had different entrees but my favorite was the Pork Chops and Mediterranean stew. 1st. Pork Chops were trendy, juicy beyond belief and the cabbage as a side, added incredible, mouth watering flavor.2nd. The stew was a vegetable stew with very little broth, filled with brussel sprouts, carrots, potatoes...very hearty and not heavy in sauce...good with bread.Cons: I did not like the hostess!!! The first impression I get by walking through the door and checking in with her was their judgmental eyes. I am appropriately dressed for this place, but yet I get the "snob" attitude at the door. What's going on with that? The wait staff was good enough, kind, patient and very quick to clear the tables. BUT if my first impression of your restaurant is from your hostess, I WILL NEVER, EVER return. I hate attitudes from any one that I'm about to drop money for a meal and I don't need to spend my at your establishment when there's so many other restaurants to try in San Francisco.Drop the attitude, because the food may not be worth coming back.
The burger was very good indeed, although a bit salty.  I found it amusing (bordering on offensive) that the waitress came to the table and presented us each with 1 marinated string bean and announced it was "compliments of the chef".Several times different wait staff came to our table trying to up-sell us (more wine, beer, appetizer,, dessert, etc.). Yeah, all restaurants do this, but here it was excessive and annoying.All in all the place was okay, but there are better choices in SF
I wish I liked this place - I don't know what my problem is with it.I have been here 3 times and every time I am unimpressed by the food and even more annoyed with the price. Everything they serve here I feel I can make myself - and I would NOT have to spend $10 on a small plate or $28 on an entree of chicken. Don't get my wrong the food is good - I eat it, all. BUT its not fantastic and with the exception of the flat bread and white bean dish, its not unique in any way.The service is good and atmosphere unique (dish rags for napkins... ok) and my sister loves this place - especially their communal tables near the bar where you can order from and do not need to wait forever for a table. The problem with the community table is: 1) The place is LOUD and if you are sitting across from your friend and NOT next to - you won't be able to hear them. and 2) People pounce all over you to get your spot when you are ready to leave - annoying.*SIGH* It's a good spot for this 'hood - it needs a nicer restaurant like this one. AND I mean it has SUCH a fabulous view of Popeye's....
This place closes at 1am!!! The food is delicious, prices are fair, venue is nice, staff is friendly, restrooms are clean - What more could you ask for? The only two downfalls I can think of are that the restaurant is at an inconvenient location with limited parking and that it can get very loud inside. But I always get lucky with parking and I go to restaurants to eat, not talk. I'm definitely going back for more. I probably enjoyed the appetizers more than the main dishes, but what else is new?I recommend the flatbread and french fries - everyone else were eating them too. JONASAPPROVED!
I don't get it. I really like the space...but the food? Ho-Hum. Nothing worth mentioning, since I just remember wanting to scrape all the saltiness off my tongue.
Really no point in me writing a review because I'm sure all the 5 million people before me have said it. But I will go ahead and put in my two cents...My friend and I arrived early, with no reservations, at 6pm. The hostesses were super nice and we asked if we could be seated closer to 7 cause we weren't hungry right then. She said no problem. We got a drink at the bar, I had the cuban (something?), very yummy. At 7 we were seated in the upstairs area (very cool view) and I got the chicken (also very yummy).My tips: - get there early OR make reservations- get a drink in- oh yeah, and try the rice pudding (although, as my friend told, I might be the only person in the world who likes rice pudding!)
No bad choices here. Pork chop was stand out, but salad and fish dishes were just as good.Deserves the reputation, but come prepared to spend because everything here is tempting, and it can get pricey
We got reservations 4 weeks in advance after trying to come here without them one Saturday on a whim and being told the wait for a table was 2 hours (with a 3 person deep wait at the bar). Our waiter was a little awkward at first (i.e. walk up to the table but not say anything for about 30 seconds, as if he expected us to telepathically ascertain what he wanted to know), but we warmed up to him over the course of the meal. My husband is allergic to corn and even though he had at least 4 tables going on at a time, he took the time to check the ingredients for things we ordered (especially the desserts) to make sure my sweetheart didn't end up with a horrible stomach/headache. He also recommended an awesome cocktail, the "Ideal," with gin, some kind of European sweet vermouth, maraschino liqueur, grapefruit and blackberry tincture. I NEVER would have picked that for myself. Food:Appetizer: smoked trout salad - deliciously light smoky flavor with a faint citrus taste in the dressing. The snap peas and the arugula tasted like springtime.Mains: -Tagliatelle with fennel sausage, asparagus, snap peas and mint. This was my husband's (I almost never order pasta at restaurants) and I was actually jealous of him!-Halibut with tomatoes, purslane, and peas. and fava beans. Very well cooked piece of fish, but I didn't love the tomato sauce. It was good, there was nothing "wrong" with it, I just didn't love it. Maybe it took away from the fish a little bit.Desserts:-Chocolate souffle with chocolate mousse and lavender-vanilla cream. The mousse was to die for, and I loved the light lavender taste in the cream-Roasted strawberries and verbena with lemon pound cake and cava zabaglione. This was okay- I didn't really taste the lemon or the verbena, but the strawberries were those cute little wild ones and were delicious.Unfortunately, the two desserts I really wanted to try (the olive oil cake and the butterscotch icebox tart) had some form of corn in them (although the olive oil cake, made with corn flour, is gluten free for all you gluten-intolerants out there) so they were off limits for sharing. I'll just have to come back for more!On a side note: one of the questions below asks me if the place is good for kids. We sat next to a very well-behaved boy of about 6 or 7, who enjoyed his burger very much (several people have said it's the best in San Fran), and another nice little girl came by our table a few times. I wouldn't take a baby here because it's loud, but slightly older kids would probably like trying something a little different.
Food: good. I wasn't blown away but also wasn't disappointed. Prices are in the ballpark but they're on the high side for what it is (your very basic American cuisine). Drinks: to be avoided. I kept asking the waitress for her opinion on their seemingly delightful mixed drinks, but once they came to the table the drinks where downright off-putting. Do yourself a favor and stick to the wine / rye list. Or better yet save some bucks and head to a proper bar afterwards.
really like this place. remember to get a reservation though since it always seems packed and it can take a long time to get a seat at the communal table or bar. the porkchop here is amazing and the burger is pretty great. good drinks and great atmosphere too. lots of the appetizers are kinda meh and the last time i got the chicken liver mousse, the bread it came on was burnt. i've heard brunch is really good here too but i have yet to try it myself.
Fire Tortas! You can't touch this place. Itsa Classic.
My meal was burnt. Therefore, they cannot receive five stars. Had it not been burnt, it would have been about a four-star meal.The drinks were absolutely incredible, both the cuban I had w/ dinner and the espresso martini with dessert.My mom got the tagine, which might have been the best vegetarian creation I've ever had. And the orange/chocolate dessert thingy also was heavenly. Amazing vibe/decor too. It was also nice to see people here who looked like they didn't live around the neighborhood, therefore meaning that more and more people are willing to make the trip out here to eat.
NOPA review #1190....is it necessary? What can I say that hasnt been covered in the previous thousand plus reviews except for- the hostess stand is so cool! I covet this quirky piece of furniture. AND the paintings upstairs. I love them and I want them.I didnt think Nopa could possibly live up to the hype, but indeed it does. The servers were on the ball and they made wonderful wine suggestions. We had a group of 4 and everyones food was delicious and served in a timely manner. I ordered a vegetarian dish and it was hearty and satisfying. Im not even a veg, but it sounded so good I took a chance. We hung out forever and I never felt rushed...I cant wait to go there again!
Went on a weekday night and it was super crowded (of course) but the host let me know that a few people were closing out at the communal table so I snagged a spot for my group. We split a whole bunch of small plates and shared the burger and pork chop. Everything was delish, the burger was my fave. The blue bottle dessert cocktail was really awesome also. I'll be back.
Service was good. Ambiance is average. Food was ok. My duck was raw. Not sure if it was suppose to be raw. Parking is easy and a lot is located nearby.
We recently went home to San Francisco, and had dinner here with some friends. I haven't lived in the Bay Area in awhile, so I was really interested to check out a restaurant on Divisadero - I'm still trying to maneuver through all of these new "craigslist" neighborhoods - NOPA, Cow Hollow, huh?Anyway, we started with the Shaved Asparagus Salad and the flatbread for the table. The asparagus salad was very light and the ingredients were very simple. The flatbread was thin and toasty - a very nice way to start a meal.I had the famous pork chops. It was seasoned well, and cooked to a very tender medium. Very flavorful, and satisfied, but I was expecting a larger cut. If you ever get a chance to have the pork chops at Houston's - get them, they will be the best pork chops you've ever had, although, I believe Houston's took them off the menu, because the in house preparation was a bit too labor intensive to have regularly.No deserts for us, but we did have a few drinks. We had some signature drinks that I cannot remember the names of right now, but I do remember them being really good.Next time, I'm getting the Burger - It literally made my mouth water when I saw it delivered to the tables next to us.Nopa has good food, not great, great service, and prices were reasonable - although I live in Manhattan, and my pricing barometer may be WAY off. I would recommend it to anyone looking for a nice atmosphere, decent food, and who don't mind parking their car seven blocks away. Peace.
Almost 1,200 reviews? Why would I even bother adding another one then? But the food was definitely amazing! I guess I really don't have to write about the food here.Anyway, though we waited for almost 1 hour to be seat on a Saturday (yes, we were visiting from NY and forgot that you DO need to have a reservation on a hopping Saturday night in SF), the staff was friendly and seated us as soon as something came up.We were sitting at the chef's counter, it was amazing to see how organized they are at the kitchen. Now that's impressive.Oh, I do have 1 thing to say about the food: I ordered the burger; usually I need to eat my burger with ketchup and mustard. But I knew the grass-fed burger would be good that I wouldn't need any condiment. Truth be told: I just had a light smear of Dijon on it (not even cheese) and it was heavenly as is.
best pork chop ever- hands down!! Even my dinner date who is super picky was very impressed. the flatbreak was also very tasty! My dinner date had the burger which was also nice and juicy and cooked and flavored just right. Would definitely come back here!
Used to be a giant laundromat. Now is a packed full of neighborhood people. You know what I love about this place? The art. The entire inside is muralized in homage to Nopa (North of Panhandle). The wine list is excellent, the atmosphere is high, beamed ceilings, expanse of open, glass windows, and simple seating. The place has a new, excitement air about it. It's literally buzzing inside. Haven't tried the food, but the chef sent out some interesting appetizers when we were at the bar. very nice!!
This place rocks, especially if you go to Popeye's right across the street and see the amazing items they have on the menu beforehand. Everything I've had was fantastic, the pork chop is always a good choice and they have very unique drinks and awesome beer selection. Speak to the bartender before ordering your drinks and he'll mix you up some sort of delicious concoction that you'll never be able to replicate even if your life depended on it.I came here with mi amor, Jamie Z and her family and we basically shared a little bit o everything, the service was a trifle slow (did I just say 'trifle', what am I? British?) but they hooked us up with a free something or other and made up for it, besides, the company was delightful!Check out the NY Times article about it:travel.nytimes.com/trave
I am so glad to see a couple of upscale restaurants move into the Divisadero corridor. When I moved to this neighborhood in 89 the block between Hayes and Fell was more empty store fronts than occupied ones and there was a laundromat where Nopa is today. I love the bar scene at Nopa, the food is good, service is well, serviceable, but overall I think it is a little over priced. So despite liking the place well enough, the cost means this is an occasion restaurant rather than a repeat restaurant for me.
amazing deserts! :)Super friendly servers as well.
3.5Great food, great wine, good service and too expensive to not come with Daddy, sugar or real.The end.
My bf and I have been wanting to try this place for years (literally) but it's either always booked when we've tried to make a reservation, or we go through periods of time where we forget about it. Last night, after making a reservation a month ago (we actually had forgotten about it), we finally had the pleasure of dining at NOPA.The food was divine. We order: The Poached Farm Egg w/ Tasso Spiced Ham, Lacinato Kale and Butternut SquashThis was so flavorful. The creaminess of the egg yolk, the salt of the ham, the sweetness of the butternut squash and the earthy hints w/ the curly texture of the kale all worked so well together. Yummy, yummy!The Monterey Bay Sardines in Saor w/ Currants and Upland CressI could have easily eaten 2 order of these by myself, especially with the Chablis we were drinking. Fantastic!The Fish Stew of Rainbow Trout, POtatoes, Mussels, Clams, Grilled Bread and AoliAgain, another slam dunk! The fish was cooked perfectly and the big chunks of fennel in the sauce were such a wonderful surprise.The Duck Breast, Celery Root Pure, Chanterelles, Raisins and CabbageLastly, and certainly not least was the duck beast. The meat was prepared perfectly; how do you go wrong with chanterelles? All and all a wonderful winter dish (although I still am wondering... where is winter mother nature? ). The quality of the ingredients were spot on and everything was seasoned properly. I certainly will not let another year go by before we go back. If you haven't tried this place, make the reservation. You will not be disappointed.
The atmosphere was nice, service was excellent, and food was delicious. The BURGERs are mmmm so good.
i'd say 8 times in the place....always at the magificent bar, never at a table. the bar staff are so busy, but they dont make you feel that way. the food is great, inventive and looks like a picture then something you dive into. one of my 4 or 5 go to spots when i want to take someone someplace that i know will be outstanding. A+ on the martini9 taste7 presentation9 service....a 10 is a tall order10 for wine/beer/drinks selection, you name it, they make it. top list in the city.
A beautiful space, and great food - turning low brow ingredients to high class cuisine.. We loved the array of appetizers, the fried anchovies (I sense a trend in fine dining in SF), and baked goat cheese, and the lamb chops. We ended with the doughnut holes. Curious but good.Calling for the reservation for the same day at 2 pm was a snap.
Really solid and inventive.
In no other neighborhood is SF's parking issue more evident than the Western Ad'. That's why when you're making a plan best have a backup plan and if that backup plan includes The Mission, better have a backup-backup plan. But sometimes the hooptie deities are smiling down upon their playthings and grant parking pefection. Such it was on a recent Friday.One circling of a block off Divis, miracle of miracles, found a big-assed parking spot only one block from NOPA. Then the Foodie Deities took over granting this skeptic not only a "no reservation" seat, but booth seating at that. "Aw hell yeah!" Ordered some share plates starting off with some olives, the flat bread (though not much too it), soup, and baked pasta. Lesson learned, never order anything you can make yourself. Though everything was good, in the skimpy-savory category, the pasta was lacking compared to the other offerings (Baked Chicken!!). Their drinks however are fabulous concoctions leaning to variations of SF bar favorites (Mojitos for example). Service is top-notch!! The real draw of NOPA is the comfortable, open space design of the interior, featuring second floor seating that overlooks the dining room. Ladies might want to consider their attire when sitting on the 2nd floor as there's an unavoidable "I see London, I see France, I see Paris Hilton's underpants" thing goin on. The noise level is less that of other SF hot spots even though the bar is hopping. It was inevitable that a restaurant would move in to this ol' skool hood, but kudos for the understated facade and inviting interior. Top notch service, comfy rustic food and the ability to hear your interlocutor make NOPA worth 2 trips around the block to locate a spot.
It has taken me four visits to finally write a review. I have abstained from writing one because 1,042 other have already said what they could about this wonderful restaurant.  The food speaks for itself...just perfect! I need to talk about the service. Most certainly one would hope the service would be great from this wonderful restaurant.  But the service we had on 10/2/08 was representative of that you would receive at a Michelin 3 star restaurant. Every staff member worked together. I watched how they helped each other and made sure every table was happy. Waiters and staff who were obviously not assigned to our table were there cleaning up plates, pouring water, folding napkins. Our very own waiter was just the friendliest and most knowledgeable sole. When I wasn't happy with my drink choice he exchanged it for something I wanted with no question. In fact it was at his suggestion that I changed my drink. Nopa knows food and apparently they also know service!
Absolutely exquisite food - as good as it gets. This place never disappoints, not when it's packed to the gils with people. We still received prompt and friendly service from our bartender while we sipped her amazing concotions and ate dish after dish of fabulous food (the olive oil poached albacore tuna was the standout of the night). You really cannot go wrong here as they use the utmost in high quality, locally sourced, organic ingredients and offer their food at a very reasonable price. Highly recommend the sopaipillas for dessert too.
Doing a review for my brother who refuses to make a yelp account, yet uses yelp all the time.....He ate here last week, said the food was amazingly delicious and would love to come back. However, after he was seated, his table was not attended to until 45 minutes later. Then ordered their food, which took another 45 minutes for appetizers to get to their tables. A total wait time from being seated to eating a whopping HOUR AND A HALF. Although I'm sure that Nopa had a busy night, no one should have to wait that long at a restaurant from being seated until receiving their appetizers .Decor: 4 of 5Food: 5 of 5Service: 1 of 5
The house lights go up. The cheap wine glasses are tossed in recycling, the groping for jackets commences; fans show off their prized band t-shirts, complete with a film of sweat from embracing every spectacle of an amazing show. Yup, it's just another evening at the Independent. Hipsters walk out dazed into the street, valiantly flagging down cabs while some totter back home the old-fashioned way: by foot.Me? I'm hungry, thirsty, and in need of a few minutes of respite. Hello, NOPA! There are many ways to end an evening, but a way to do it with some flair and style lies in the capable hands at NOPA. There I was, at NOPA's emptying bar with a few slices of their tasty flat bread pizza appetizer and a glass of puro, an exotic cocktail breathing orange rind smoke and sherry, just soaking in the intimacy of the hour. I may not have been a fan of NOPA as a dinner date but as an after-hours date it is fantastic. That night still goes down in history as one of my all-time favorite dates; the chatter had dimmed, the atmosphere was at ease, the small bites tasted fabulous, and there was just me, him, and the whispers we had to share. I highly recommend; a last piece of advice, always have room for dessert. The brownie mint ice cream sundae is a satisfying last kiss to end an adventure of any night.
Finally, after months of wanting to try this place, I did it! I must say, even with all the hype about Nopa (and therefore my somewhat high expectations), this place did not disappoint! I went with a large group so I got to try almost everything on the menu. Everything I tried was excellent, although I would highly recommend the crostini w/ goat cheese and beets, the flatbread, cauliflower, pork chop and london broil! The service was excellent - the staff was attentive and extremely helpful in explaning ingredients/menu items and making recommendations. The only negative thing about Nopa is the parking situation, which is horrible....but even that couldn't get me to knock off a star for my rating. Will I go back? DEFINITELY.
My favorite place to eat in the city.
Came here last night, before seeing a show at the Independent. Even though it was a Tuesday night I was thinking we wouldn't be able to get a table without a reservation (for a decent time before the show), but we showed up around 5:45 p.m. (after the bar opens at 5, but before the restaurant opens at 6) to put our name down, and the hostess said a table would be available at 6:15. Nice! We went for a little walk through Alamo Square, and came back a few minutes early and our table was ready.First we shared the baby lettuce salad (with cherries, feta cheese, and almonds) and flatbread (with bacon, roasted plums, and goat cheese). Yum! And I had the famous pork chop, which was great, so tender and juicy. My only complaint is that it's a bit too salty for my taste; but I guess it's somewhat expected since they brine it to get it so moist.For dessert we had the apricots with black pepper and caramel ice cream and pound cake crumbles. Also a winner. The ice cream was so tasty and unusual, and so creamy.Must come back soon!
Good but not great. They love to use bacon- bacon flat bread, bacon cauliflower, even bacon ice cream. My main complaint would be the wait time we experienced between the appetizer and entree (about 45 minutes).
YUMMM!!!! finally made the trip over here after some good convincing from friends and, of course, fellow yelp reviews. the food was delicious. the bacon/goatcheese flatbread was very tasty (which seems to be the consensus.) however, we sat up at the chefs counter right in front of the guy making them and, to be honest, i feel so bad that the guy has to make them all night that sheerly because of that, i may never order it again :(we also got the special - hanger steak which came with fries. the steak was good, the fries were to die for; and, the pork chop, which was so tender and savory that my stomach is growling for some more as i write this.if it weren't so hard to get a table here, w/out a pretentious crowd, this place would get five stars. but hey, four's not bad!
Props to the fact that a place with such yummy food is open to the wee hours in the morn! We ordered the flatbread to start. Amazing tasting. The texture of the flatbread was perfect along with the bacon and gruyere. You couldn't ask for better ingredients. The penn cove mussels were steamed perfectly, not rubbery or fishy by any means. The lemony sauce with swiss chard gave it a nice lil kick, complimented the flavor of the mussels. The burger was oh so good! I love me a juicy burger and this one was def juicy. The wine which was a half bottle of sangiovese was good with all three plates we ordered.I really wanted to get some sort of dessert but I was stuffed.Next time I am saving room for the honey skillet bread, whiskey praline ice cream and bacon brittle. That sounds friggin insanely good! Can't wait.
One of my favorite spots since moving to the bay area. Everyone says they've got the 'best burger in town', so I was naturally skeptical when I was told that this place had a great burger. Boy were they right. This place knows what it's doing...obviously, hence the 1200+ reviews. Burger was phenomenal...one of the best I've ever had, no question.Place is absolutely packed, so go early or have a reservation. If you sit at the bar beware the vultures who will lurk behind you your ENTIRE sitting to snag your chairs when you get up...pretty annoying. Flatbread = awesome.Goat Cheese = awesome.Burger = amazing.That's all I got for now. It's a favorite of mine, so take that for what it's worth. But in the end, yes...get the burger. It's great.
Been here a dozen of times for drinks but last night I finally had the chance to experience a full dinner. Everything we had were delicious. Kent, the bartender, recommended the pork chops with a glass of Cab Franc and he was right on. The savory chop was served with a side of grilled peaches. The plate was big enough to serve a family of four (okay, four including two vegans). The lamb was served in thin tender slices and along with the polenta just melted in my mouth. We also had a plate of fries, some goat cheese dip. For dessert I had a McCallan Alchemy 15 yr and Kent recommended a pairing with cherry chocolate mousse. By the time we were done with dinner I was so full I could barely move myself up and off the chair. It was total indulgence and worth the price I had to pay the next day working out.
Boooooo. This place is such a tease!Nopa smells good, looks good, and even offers some very fine meals, but that doesn't impress me. Consistency, and size matter. The "package" falls short with their portions, and their unpredictable quality. I had fish, my man had pork. The fish was too salty, cooked well, but bland, and the greens were limp salt licks. In contrast, the pork chops made my boyfriend swoon. He declared it to be the best pork chop he had ever had. I tasted it, and immediately hated him. It WAS the best pork chop I've ever had too. So I'm confused, not to mention sad. Therefore, I'm resigned to give NOPA a middle of the road 3 star rating. I will try again when the resentment has lifted.
My favorite place in the city (tied with a few others to be honest) but always great. Great service, great dinner (have not been for brunch yet!!! arghhH!). Flat great = yumm. Drinks are always great. Love the seasonal options.
Definitely a SF must. Every time I eat here I feel like I'm eating an artistically crafted, perfectly tasting creation. You can taste the slightest ingredients and how they complement the other flavors in a dish. I think it really is gourmet dining for fairly reasonable prices. They have several staples on the menu that change slightly in preparation and in ingrediants based on seasonality. They also have several items on the menu that are either seasonal specials or specials of the day. The service is good, and the wait staff really know their food and drinks. They have some super inventive, seasonal cocktails and their wine list is great, too.Most recently their amuse-bouche was housemade almond butter (!!!!) with pink lady apples. The calamari is really unique, and the white beans are delicious- dense but not overly so. For entrees, I've had the tagine, the swordfish, and people that I've dined with have had the burger, pork, and rabbit legs. All outstanding. The ginger cake was a total left field delicious surprise. So perfectly done, not overly spiced, and paired with creme anglaise. Mmmm.Can't wait to go back!
The best place to go for a burger (with pickled onion), flatbread or rotisserie chicken after enjoying a show at the Independent. The specialty drinks are not bad and reasonably price, friendly staff and fill with beautiful people. A great place to end a night or brainstorm for further mayhem.
Stopped in last night for dinner. They serve a full menu at the bar, which is good news for a spontaneous diner like me. I had the burger, which was absolutely perfect in every way. Oh so right. Also sampled the Halibut, which was bursting with flavor and seared to perfection. It's a tad expensive, but you definitely get what you pay for.
This is the standard of all our dining experiences. We dine out regularly and after we finish we always ask ourselves "how does it compare to Nopa?" For quality and taste of food, atmosphere, and service, no place compares.The atmosphere is casual but the food is delicious and the service is friendly and exceptionally good. We always sit at the bar or chef counter because it feels more lively and less formal than the tables. The chefs counter is fascinating to watch and to hear about what goes into each dish.The cocktails are fabulous! The wine list extensive and very fairly priced.We love NOPA!!
I came here over a year a go - and I just remember I want to come back. I didn't make any reservations so we had to just hog steal some seats at the bar. I was totally hovering and waiting for the couple to get up. As soon as they did - I swooped in.The menu appears to be seasonal because I remember having a persimmon, pomegranate salad and that was tasty. I can't remember exactly everything that we ordered - but I remember there was some grilled pork chops and that was tasty.I think if you don't remember the food - but just remember its good - and you want to come back. That says a lot.
We went here for a birthday dinner and it didn't disappoint. Started out with the flatbread (always changing and seasonal). Great texture and the hazelnuts were a cool play on traditional "appetizer pizza". The entrees were:Pork chop (5 out of 5)Seared duck (4.5/5)Roasted Salmon (5/5)Herbed Chicken (4/5)Desserts:Butterscotch icebox tart (5/5)Farmers cheesecake (5/5)Only downside was the service was quite slow and our waiter was pretty awkward. Food was 5/5, service and ambience was 3.5/5.
Smoked trout flat bread is wonderful.Dine upstairs; it's a bit more intimate.Excellent service, really good food and a nice room.And a very well chosen wine list. Bravo!
Had a great time at Nopa tonight.We came in a party of 4 at 8 o clock and were seated right away at a booth right next to the open kitchen, and given an amuse of trout rillete with pickled onions.Our service was good, our server was warm and polite, and was not over attentive. Although I never caught his name. We started with a grilled flatbread that had potatoes and bacon and was covered in a spicy green that must have watercress. It was really good. Our friends started with giant white beans served in a cassoulet style earthenware dish, with toasty bread crumbs on top. It was a bit underseasoned but it was no problem because they provide maldon salt at the table with your meal.For our entree, i had a pork chop with brussels sprouts, persimmon, and rutabaga. Was a great dish and beautiful, but unfortunately my pork was a little raw up by the bone, and medium rare throughout. When my dish was picked up from the table, nobody asked how it was or why there was a large piece of raw pork on my plate. Anyways, thats the last bad thing i have to say. My girlfriends entree was trout with a little mizuna and butternut squah and some pomegranate seeds, It really was exceptional and the trout was cooked beautifuly Our friends got a rotissere chicken which they really enjoyed.We decided to skip dessert because we were stuffed, but did get a brown sugar irish coffee which really hit the spot after dinner.The bill wasnt too bad either
This is a nice restaurant. Good food and very good service. Went here last night for my birthday with my parents. I had the halibut (suggested by our server), my father had the pork chop and my mother had the pasta dish. All were delicious. Our server Jennifer was exceptionally pleasant, helpful and patient. When I say patient, I mean she dealt well with my father's "sparkling" personality. I forget that he's old until we go out to eat together. Ornery.The only reason that I have to knock a star off is because of the noise. I had been warned that it was noisy at Nopa but it was overwhelming. Horrible, horrible acoustics. You can't even hear the person sitting right next to you. It is not, I repeat, not a place to take anyone with a hearing loss or have any kind of intimate dinner. It is a loud and lively restaurant and you would do better to take loud and lively people with you. Which is exactly what I did later in the evening when I returned with friends and had drinks at the bar. Bartenders were super cool and kept the champagne following. Had a great time. Will totally go back again.
My favorite place to eat in city!!! and for so many reasons...First the staff is awesome, very friendly, fun, and really attentive. 5 star customer service!!As for the food it is outstanding. The pork chops are the best i have ever had, and even the burgers and fries are gourmet. I just recently tried their ricotta cheese cake which totally blew my mind.Their drinks are strong and tasty. My favorite is the Irish coffee, which comes served already sweetened with molasses and in a french press. YUM! They also have a great community table if you didn't make reservations and don't mind sharing a table with strangers...Honestly if you can afford it don't think twice and try it out.
Great place. Service was unpretentious but knowledgeable. Everyone inside is casually dressed but in a hip way. It's a place that most people will feel comfortable in. I'd feel fine bringing both my young professional friends as well as my parents. Anyway, fabulous shaved asparagus salad with poached egg. If you break the egg yolk over the salad, it makes for a creamy, savory dressing. For my entree, I had the duck breast, was tender and tasty. Definitely worth trying. I tasted my friends' pork chop and chicken. Both were incredibly tender, and next time, I'd probably recommend the pork chop. For dessert, I shared the sopapillas...OMG. The burnt caramel sauce with it was really really great. And the warm pillowy sopapillas were light and not at all too dense or overwhelming. NOPA also had a great drink selection. Even my friends' coffees came out in individual french presses.
We attempted to try NOPA so many times. Definitely need to book in advance. We had a late night meal here after a good workout. Usually, I don't get pork chop since its usually dry. We gave it a try here it didn't disappoint us. I would say must try.
We surprised my good friend Andreia for her quarter century celebration and NOPA sure did deliver. I'm a firm believer in that as long as you have good company, a good time is ensured. Saturday night -- we had good company, good service, good wine, and GREAT food -- makings of a more-than-good time. Appetizers:- little fried fish with the mayonnaise-based dipping sauce was delicious, crispy, savory bites- mussels -- I don't personally really like mussels, but the table loved them... we asked for extra bread to sup up the broth which was really delicious - baked white beans were like mac n' cheese with beans, yum- fries... you can never go wrong with friesEntree:- pork chop -- I followed the yelp reviews and went for the pork chop which was honestly the best pork chop I've ever had in my life- paparadelle with beef sugo -- my dearest Mollie C. got this and was not disappointed, the beef was tender and the pasta fresh- others had the chicken, burger, sea bass (which was replaced with black cod... even better!), and the duckService: Kim, our server, was amiable, patient, and really fun. We had a large party (10 ppl) and they were originally going to split us up 7 and 3, but were able to put together a table so that we could all sit together! Strongly recommended!
Alrighty!Yeah, what can I say that 1,379 reviewers haven't said??I went here for a casual get together dinner with a friend and it was great.I really enjoyed my appetizers (goat cheese and asparagus salad...YUM) and LOVED my tenderoni chicken...YUMMIER....The service though is what I give 5 stars for! It was quick, efificient and friendly.I wasn't too keen on my dessert of the Meyer lemon tart..I didn't realize that they used preserved lemon slices as in peels and all in in so it wasn't a creamy, smooth tart so much as a pick -the- lemons- out -and -eat -the -buttery crust -only sort of experience.Flip side?? I love their mini French press coffee.
Holy shit!Went here for dinner. Ordered a burger with bacon and fries. It was simply amazing...ELI you gotta try it. Such good beef. Little small burger, but perfect amount to fill you up. The kitchen in this place is so cool and if you sit upstairs you can watch their every move. It seems like a very organized place. It's rather fancy...but still super casual...trendy i guess is the name. but good ass food.They're really cute too, they serve you a sliced radish with sea salt and butter to "jump start your pallet" ha.
9:45pm Saturday night and feeling a bit thug life-ish with Elite Yelper Darren804 and another buddy. Decide to grab a late meal at Nopa. That's what us gangsters do, we eat after 9:00pm and don't even give a F.10:00pm She says it's going to be an hour wait, so we post at the bar. Hot bartender selects a scotch and it's damn tasty. Forgot the name already. Oh well, it's better for the both of us. Order some appetizers and come out promptly. Flat bread is outstanding.11:00pm Sit at our table and order. Best pork chop ever. Cod is also the nut.Sweet dining experience but it gets even sweeter when Elite Yelper Darren804 picks up the bill. A true gangster move. That's why we call him Elite Yelper Darren804. Respect.
(Almost) Everyone has chimed in on how much they love Nopa. They don't really need another stellar review, but I'll write one anyways because I had a particularly great time this past Friday. I had friends from So Cal visiting this weekend and decided to take them to Nopa. I called the day of to make reservations for a party of 8. They told us they could get us in at 11:30pm. I love that they are open so late. My party of 8 decided that we'd just head down to the restaurant early and get some pre-dinner drinks in at the bar. We got there around 10pm and I told the hostess we would be hanging out at the bar til our reservation time. She was super friendly and said that she'd get us to a table as soon as possible. I didn't drink, but my friends said all the cocktails were made well and weren't too pricey. We ordered a couple appetizers while at the bar, the artichoke flat bread and the mussels. Both really delicious. By 10:45pm, we were getting tapped on the back and asked to follow a waiter upstairs. We were seated at a great table over looking the kitchen a whole 45 minutes before our reservation time!All the food we had was wonderful. First an amuse-bouche of tiny snap peas with Meyer lemon juice and sea salt was brought to the table. We all mocked how tiny it was, but the flavor was great. I could've eaten a whole bowl of them. We started with a couple salads, the asparagus with poached egg and the romaine with a light creamy dressing and a hint of mint. The egg was poached perfectly and went well with the asparagus and bacon. The menu said the asparagus were "shaved," but ours came out whole, which made it a bit harder to eat. The romaine salad was refreshing, which was surprising since it was a cream type dressing.For entrees, we got the baked pasta, grilled pork chop, and rotisserie herb chicken. Everything was cooked and seasoned perfectly. The pork chops were juicy and tender. And the mashed potatoes that came with it were insanely smooth and creamy. The roasted potatoes that came with the chicken was very good as well. The baked pasta was delicious and I loved the toasted, slightly crunchy pieces. After all that we were too stuffed to order dessert, but they were beautiful.All the servers were very attentive and nice, while being laid back. The ambiance of the restaurant and bar is perfect for a girls night out. Prices are reasonable for the quality and quantity given. As far as the Popeye's smell, all I can suggest is to go late night, when Popeye's is closed. Oh, one thing I wish they would do is keep the menu on the website up to date with the actual menu. Other than that, I love it.
If you are looking for a restaurant that perfectly captures the SF dining experience then look no further - Nopa is it! Yes, it's very hard to get a reservation here, and has been since it opened, and for good reason. The food is phenomenal, the decor kitchy and modern, the bar drinks inventive, and the wine list eclectic and fairly priced. I could eat at this place three nights a week and never get tired of it.
Like NOPA needs another review...I went last week with one of my best lady friends and coming here has been on my list since they opened... I have no idea why I waited so long.Walked in at 7:30 on a Tuesday night and hung out by the bar, sipping a lovely sparkling Chenin Blanc. As soon as we saw a couple leaving some stools we swooped in to grab our spots. The menu looked great. We weren't terribly hungry so we opted to share an appetizer, entree and dessert. To start we had a shaved asparagus salad with bacon, frisee and a poached egg. I could literally eat that everyday and not get sick of it. I LOVED it. Then we shared the roasted leg of lamb. Also, wonderful. Nicely seasoned and delicious. We then shared the spiced chocolate cake for dessert that was wonderful, not too sweet, not too spicy. Great way to end the meal.I thought the bartenders were all extremely helpful and knowledgeable. I will definitely be returning and maybe next time score a reservation to have a table. I'll have to plan in advance :)
I've heard so many good things about Nopa from various friends and family members, so I was certain to try this place out when I went to visit SF. My friend and I made reservations in advance, and (surprisingly) had no difficulty at all, even when we changed our reservation from 7pm to 10pm earlier that Friday afternoon. We even arrived later than our reservation time because of the heavy rain, but we got lucky and were seated within 5-10 minutes. :) My friend and I are pretty good at checking out everyone else's food discretely to help us determine what we want to order..and honestly, the items that everyone ordered around us looked mouthwatering. My favorite item was probably the flatbread with spicy fennel sausage. And the grass-fed hamburger with pickled onions melted in my mouth. Even though my friend typically doesn't eat duck, we also ordered a duck dish with risotto. It turned out to be her favorite! Of course our bottle of pinot noir helped make everything even more splendid! I would definitely return to Nopa because of our fantastic experience!
Portions are large especially for the level of gourmet quality to the food. The Johnny Cake dessert was orgasmic!
I was really underwhelmed by Nopa. After reading all the raves, I expected a lot better. First off, it was really, really loud. Very difficult to have a conversation. The food was OK, but not amazing. My husband and I ate at Perbacco and Serpentine while in town for the weekend and were much more impressed by both of those places. The highlight was the swordfish, the lowlights were the drinks (not so great) and the fries (don't go messin' up fries!). And then the little gems salad and the crostini were just good. I'd be heading back to Serpentine before Nopa in a heartbeat!!
The best meal i've had in a long time. i had the pirata cocktail and knew i was in for a treat with the rest of the meal. the pork chop and veggie tagine were both insanely tasty. with a veggie dish, it's pretty easy to be left disappointed and hungry. but this one was a total hit. the chevre ice cream desert wih strawberries was almost ridiculous it was so tasty.the scene was lively if a little late 30s pac heights singles for my taste. but once the cocktails, wine, food and fabulous service started -- all the annoying elements faded away. highly recommend!
This place has fantastic reviews, but I came away a little unimpressed. I had a couple of dishes that were just a little off. The clam chowder was just okay. good flavor, just the texture wasn't quite right. The biggest disappointment was the pappardelle. Nothing inspiring about it... just tasted like thick noodles with a meat sauce. Though.. i'd have to say, the duck was REALLY good. Also the flat bread with fennel sausage was a good appetizer.
+800 reviews and I still feel the need to throw my 2-cents in.I've been to NOPA a number of times and I always get the pork chop. In the past it's been accompanied by peaches, fig, or some other type of fruit. To my surprise, Saturday night's pork chop had an olive tapenade instead. I don't really like sweets with my savories, so this was right up my alley. The pork chop was perfectly cooked and was a pretty decent size. My girlfriend ordered the flat bread appetizer which is really a pizza topped with bacon, caramelized onions, a little bit of cheese and arugula.  As my sac-town friends would say, Chronic!....meaning, that's the shift! (minus the f) The food alone is worth making the trip to this restaurant. The fact that it's open until 1:00 am gives you even more reasons to stop by. The bar is nice and it's a great place to sit and people watch.I did feel as though the spirits menu was a bit pretentious. Sure blended Scotch's aren't as glamorous as a single malt, but I think blended Scotch's should still be stocked at the bar. When I asked the waitress for a double-Black-over, I was met with a look of confusion and handed a list with only single-malt scotch's; many of which were outside of my price range. Luckily I did find a Highland Park 12-yr mixed in their jumble of a spirits list.Aside from the minor setback in my consumption of alcohol, I had a great time at NOPA (as usual) and recommend this spot as a great late-night eatery.
After finding the place, which seemed almost hidden as it lacks a fancy front door or large sign, we walked in and checked our motorcycle helmets and coats. They informed us that although there was a long wait, they do serve the full menu at the bar. We found a seat at the bar and picked up the drink menu. I asked our bartender, Sam, a few questions about the wines, and, before I could ask for a taste, he was pouring us one. We settled on a Pinot, the second wine we tasted.While we were waiting for our food, I asked Sam for his take on the difference between two vodkas. We expected a simple answer, but what we got was more of a comparative analysis with real world examples and a touch of history. We were blown away that a *bartender*, instead of acting like we didn't exist, took the time to have a conversation with us for a number of minutes. Sam knows his stuff.My fianc had the Moroccan vegetable tagine and I had the rotisserie herbed chicken breast. My meal was excellent; the chicken was flavorful and moist, and the small salad that came with it was perfectly complimented with feta cheese and extra large garlic croutons. She loved the vegetable tagine which consisted of cauliflower, asparagus, carrots, artichoke, baby potatoes, and peas in a tomato sauce.Go here. You won't be let down.
We fell in love on V-Day! The husband and I are still swooning over NOPA's tiny toast with lemon spread (the amuse), fried fish appetizer, pork chop , and cannelloni. Neither the place nor food are pretentious but they totally deliver. Waitstaff are all friendly, mellow and super nice. Details on the food:Fried fish appetizer - I don't particularly like small fish like anchovies or sardines but the smelt was perfectly fried in a crispy batter and was served with an aioli that perfectly complemented the fish.Pork chop - huge, perfectly grilled, the best the carnivore has ever hadCannelloni - insanely good, so not your run-of-the-mill ricotta-stuffed pasta tube topped with red sauce. We also had the honey bread with bacon brittle for dessert. The bread was a little dry so dessert wasn't our favorite, but overall, NOPA's atmosphere, food and staff are incredible and the fact that they're open til 2am makes this place one of our new favorites!
A friend was celebrating his birthday and he wanted the party to head to Nopa. As he wished. All of his friends, including a co-birthday celebrant, were at Nopa to wish him well in his next year of life.I give 5 stars alone to Ben our server. There were over 20 people in our group alone, which occupied the corner near the bar; however, said 20 people had their own groups, or cliques, call it what you like; the celebrant has friends from all walks of life, but Ben managed to keep track of who ordered what. When 20 people from our group are coming at him, PLUS the other tables he was serving, I have nothing but awe for Ben who got our orders right 99% of the time.If it weren't for Ben, I'd rate Nopa with 2 stars. The fries were delicious as were the crostinis, but I was afraid of the burger; it was super thick and oh-so-pink! The bread looked more cooked than the meat, which kind of freaked us out a bit.I wasn't too impressed with the house cocktails and had to go back to my staple of vodka tonic, which is tough to ruin, but I was accidentally served someone else's drink - cucumber infused vodka and tonic. Blech.Nopa didn't scare me away altogether, but I'm a little afraid. Thank god for the eggs and fries we ate when we got home!
NOPA gets five stars!!! My bf took me here on our first date. "What a great cozy spot!" was my first impression. The hostess was very sweet. The bartender gave a great recommendation on the glasses of wine he poured and our transition from bar to our table on the second floor went as smooth as can be. Once seated, our server was right with us and recommended a few dishes right away. The food here is delish. I believe that you can't really go wrong with anything you order here. Conversation flowed between the two of us in the cozy spot we were at. Now that I think back, this is a great date spot for those who are looking to take that someone special out. Can't wait to go back!
My friends always talk me in to going here. I feel sorta ripped off by the prices and how crowded the table layout is. The hours are pretty awesome though.
This place is generally packed. We didn't get seated until 11pm. Hostess was extremely nice. Wait staff can be a bit slow. Overall, the food is great and the price is extremely fair. Food was a bit on the salty side thought. Wine isn't too expensive either. If you like NOPA, you may want to check out these restaurants too: bit.ly/q2v5YW.
Oh Nopa. Why do you make your portions so miniscule that after a shared appetizer, two entrees, a side and two desserts between two, I still feel like I could use a couple more bites of food? Other than the completely uneven portion sizes, everything was amazing. 5 stars for the delicious preparation of the dishes, -1 star for the portions. We thought the tiny portions of our dishes were just a characteristic of the restaurant, but then saw our waitress bring the biggest pork chop ever to the table behind us, so it appears that depending on what you order, you will leave the restaurant either broke yet still hungry, or bursting at the seams.Calamari with chorizo, chick peas and tomatoes was deliciously seasoned; gnocchi in parmesan cream sauce with mushrooms and sweet peas was perfectly chewy-soft; roasted broccoli with breadcrumbs was perfectly seasoned with a meaty, slightly charred flavor; baked pasta was well-balanced; plum ice cream and pound cake parfait was a bit too tart but still interesting; and the farmer's cheese with honeycomb, blackberries, blanched almonds and toasted rusks was a perfect, fresh and healthy ending to the meal. However, I would have been RAVING about the food if each dish had been 15-25% bigger. Instead, I left with a subtly disturbing feeling of still wanting. However, I WILL be back for an extra dirty martini with extra olives because the olives at Nopa are the absolute best I have ever had in my life.
NOPA is simply quality. The ingredients, cocktails, food, ambience and staff make for a terrific dining experience. The pork chop, squash and brussels sprouts were divine. If you want a great dining experience, especially the "farm to table" type, NOPA is a can't miss.
I do it Star Search-style, folks: Three and three-quarter stars. The set-up: It's Valentine's Day. I really want to eat at NOPA. The bf thought (for some peculiar reason) that it does not take reservations. So no reservations on V-Day. Yikes. I was expecting to have to eat at another restaurant. The hostess tells us that it'll be a 15-minute wait tops. Wait. What? Come again?! That's awesome.We get seated to the right of the entrance, against the wall at a 4-top so lots of room and lots of people watching on special V-day. ;) We sit and look at our napkins. They are kitchen towels. This becomes the butt of our jokes the whole night. We think it's cute but unsuitable for such a nice atmosphere. The building is absolutely amazing. It's basically one giant room. Bar against the wall to the left. Kitchen in the back. The rest is the dining area. There's also an upstairs dining area. One nit-picky note: I like to come to a nice restaurant and expect the staff to dress just as...nice. (Sorry my vocabulary is rather slim.) I found the staff attire to be a bit frumpy. Everyone except the hostess wore jeans and a t-shirt or casual sweater. Most of the males need to groom their hair. We order our meals and have to ask for the foodrunner/busser for water. Shouldn't we be given this a few minutes after we sit? (Minus a half star.) During our ordering, I ask the server what red wine would go well with my meal. Instead of giving me two options, she goes down the list and describes EVERY available red wine by the glass. (Minus a half star.)Alright so enough of writing...let's cut to the chase: FOOD.A small gift was given prior to appetizers. Two potato chips with a small dallop of (insert fancy French name here...something with strawberry?) with a small dish of salt to sprinkle. Who knew potato chips could taste so good?-Appetizers: Little gem lettuces and flatbread. Very good. Flatbread is probably one to share among 2-3 people. -Dinner: I ordered the black cod. I enjoyed every last bite. He ordered the rotisserie herb chicken. Not that impressed but still good. -Dessert: Churros with spiced chocolate. Churros were just the way I like them. However, we did not like the spiced chocolate at all. It was pretty gross actually. (Minus a quarter star.)Overall, I had a great time at NOPA for Valentine's Day. Not much of a wait, pretty good food and interesting people, not to mention that it's right across from Popeye's. How bizarre.
Not nearly worth the hype. The menu is limited and the service usually isn't all that friendly (better if you sit at the bar). Speaking of the bar, libations are NOPA's strong suit. That and fresh ingredients. They struggle in terms of creativity, however. The whole menu is pretty boring.
Absolute best dinner my husband and I have had in ages...quality ingredients prepared with thought. Delightful cocktails and wine list. Be sure to save room for dessert and coffee. Worth every penny..cannot wait to go back with friends! LOVE THIS PLACE.
We just got our credit card bill only to learn that our waiter ADDED $20 tip to our bill! Fraud! Had we not checked our credit card account we would have been totally screwed by this place.Regarding the food: Everything tasted bitter, including the mojitos. Not impressed in the least. The white beans taste as if they came from a can, the olives are right out of the package from Trader Joe's, the fried fish tasted like something from the freezer, and the escarole was pretty much slop. . . .we couldn't even eat it.
the food here was amazing!
I've always managed to sit at the communal table due to my own poor planning, but simply the fact that they serve the same delicious fare to the random dude off the street makes it all worthwhile. To top it off, their cocktails are absolutely delectable as well.If you're in the area, or want a high-end way to kick off your night at the Independent just next door, this is highly recommended.
Over-rated, in our opinion. Atmosphere - Very loud, almost impossible to converse with your dinner partner(s). Industrial chic decor, chairs uncomfortable. If it's over 60F out, it's roasting in this place. The upstairs might be fun if you're along the railing and can look out, but if you are shoved up against the wall you have a view of the ceiling. Shrieking baby shower behind us made us want to gouge our eyes out. Would have croaked from heat exhaustion if they had seated up above the kitchen as a super warm night (and they were seating people there .... why?!?!).Food & Drink - Mediocre. The salad with apricots and cherries on it had one whole apricot and 1.5 whole cherries. Lots of almonds so that was a highlight of an otherwise boring salad. Burger was good per husband but not anything better than other fine eateries. Tagine was good but why can't we have bread or the like? It needed a starch to offset the acid and all the spices but none forthcoming. The yogurt helped but pita or bread or something much needed. Limited wines by the glass. Cocktails fun. Dessert good but not stellar.Service - Efficient and business-like. Not warm and friendly but maybe it was the 80+ weather. But hey, it's hot upstairs for the diner too - so why are you seating us all up here when there's plenty of tables downstairs?Price - Not worth the cash. Hundred bucks plus tip for dinner that was mediocre at best. Better food at Firefly, Range, etc.Advice - Go for a drink at the bar. Don't sit upstairs. Wear earplugs and have lots of cash in your wallet. Hope that you're cool enough.
My gold standard for Americana food is the burger.Nopa's burgers are $15, and in all seriousness, I consistently have better at Jack in the Box (their sirloin steak ciabbata burgers) and Carl's Jr. (their assorted $6 angus burgers). It would take the Nopa crew a couple of minutes for them to spice up and marinate the meat, then slap the patty into the fridge -- but they don't. The burgers are bland and nothing special. The only wow about it is the $20+ you fork up just for a loaded burger and fries.The stars are solely for the staff, which are very friendly and nice, if slow -- even late at night, when it's not that busy. Also, the neighborhood's sketchy at best, which doesn't help when you're driving around looking for nonexistent parking...If you're looking for the best burger in SF, I'd recommend either Chez Maman locations -- the Marina one is my personal fav, but the burgers are just as amazing at either.
My only negative comment is how difficult it is to get a table on the fly or a reservation at the last minute but that can all be avoided by some proper planning. The fennel sausage flat bread is TO DIE FOR and they make one of the best damn pork chops in the city. Highly recommend
NOPA is a combination of comfort and class, two things generally found separate of one another in the dining experience. The decor is simple and chic, at the same time warm and welcoming with an emphasis on coziness, often the first casualty of "sleek design," but not here. With a popular wood slab communal table, at times NOPA takes on the elbow rubbing camaraderie of a cafeteria. If you like something more intimate, the loft dining overlooking the main floor is a well conceived alternative, or, if you prefer, the enclave of booths beneath the loft provide the romantic shade for close conversation.The wait staff move through the restaurant with an easy-going nature that is a delightful contrast to the rigidity that highend service commonly entails. Maybe it's the palette matching checkered shirts and khakis that make them feel more relaxed. Maybe it's their genuine smiles that says "we enjoy our place of employment." Whatever it may be, NOPA is a restaurant that doesn't draw attention to itself but humbly defers to its customers. People can focus on people without distraction, without the intimidation and reverence of feeling like you're inside a cathedral of sophistication. There is, however, one distraction. The food will seduce your thoughts away from your company and likely occupy all your senses for the remainder of the night. The generous portions and hearty ingredients exudes bistro comfort food, but behind executive chef Laurence Jossel's philosophy, the menu is a manifest of high cuisine. The pork chop has become something of a standing masterpiece, the flagship attraction, but don't let that deter you from trying the halibut or lamb or the grass fed burger. All are exquisite dishes using local ingredients and loaded with flavor that you will be talking about long after your meal. To go with the food, NOPA offers a great selection of wines. The wait staff is knowledgeable and suggests tasting notes and pairings without being pedantic. NOPA deserves extra points for a wine list that bolsters not just one, but a few good Cabernet Francs. When having to choose between the homey, unselfconscious appeal of neighborhood digs and the sexy elegance that comes with signature chef restaurants, go to NOPA. It is the perfect blend of both worlds, unassumingly sexy, always delicious.
Sitting upstairs is more intimate while sitting downstairs is more lively.The food was great--the goat cheese with crostini could have been underwhelming but was very flavorful, the burger was fabulous but medium rare came preeeeetty rare in the middle (it's very thick). The sopapillas almost made me fall out of my chair. My girlfriends were humiliated, I was sticking my finger in the caramelly dipping sauce and licking it off. It was sick but I don't regret a second of it. Totally cost-effective if you go with a few people and share several appies and entrees.
We arrived late into SF on a Friday night and found many restaurants were closed, so someone recommended NOPA as it was still open and had delicious food. Well, I must say, we were so thankful they did! This place is delicious! We were seated promptly as we arrived b/c it was so late..although it was still packed at midnight with hungry diners. We opted for the sausage flatbread as an app, and let me tell you, the two of us inhaled it down. It was amazing! Then we shared the porkchop and hamburger, and they were both delicious. Best porkchop I've ever had-it was so juicy and succulent that I thought it tasted a bit like filet mignon!The hamburger was also amazing, one of the tastiest I've ever had. I honestly would recommend going there and ordering exactly what we did, because it was THAT good.
You know...this place is good. It is - legit. 3.5 stars. It could be way better, though. For instance, don't cook the flatbread so much - it doesn't need to have a cracker consistency in my mouth. I like supple flatbread. Also, they have great appetizers - but when you have great appetizers that people tend to order in copious amounts, it means that people don't need 10lbs of animal meat as their main course. I had an absolutely delicious pork shop - but I had half a pig sitting on my plate. And when everyone on the table had portions like this, it's like Old McDonald was singing about our dinner. Phenomenal wine. Great service.
I wish I liked this place too, especially after the (French) Metro closed. Nopa is way too expensive and loud for it's own good. The food is mediocre at best. I expected much better for the price. Great service though. The waitstaff are friendly and attentive. The decor is lovely. Regardless, I will never go back here. I'd rather go to Blue Jay. When friends (who have never been) suggest Nopa, I make sure we go somewhere else, because I know it will again be a complete disappointment. I just can't live through another regretful meal from Nopa.
Environment is very nice! Open atmosphere that's very festive. However, the food is a bit overhyped! Hamburgers made from grass-fed cows? Great but it was not THAT tasty. The fries actually tasted a bit stale to me. In-n-out hamburger and fries still beats this place hands down!Mussels we had were good. Either way, the food didn't blow me away.
had a girls dinner here the other night and it WOW this place has really really YUMMY YUMMY food!!! prior to ordering we looked over at the tables next to us and noticed the portion size were HUGE, so we decided the 4 of us would share the following :-bacon flatbread: yum-braised short ribs: oh my gawd! probably the best short ribs i've ever had! so juicy and succulent. there was just enough sauce to enjoy, but not overwhelm the star of the dish, the ribs. -homemade pappardelle: the pasta was cooked perfectly not too al dente and not too done. again the bolognese sauce was enough to enjoy but not overwhelm the pasta. -sopaipillas: so light and yummy. you could hardly tell you were eating something deep fried. the orange caramel sauce that came with it was so uttlerly divine. -warm chocolate souffle: so gooey and chocolatey. the restaurant was hopping and crowded, but the noise level was not too much that you couldn't hear each other. nopa is my new fav restaurant. i would've given it 5 stars, but i think they can work a bit more on their service. our waitress was a bit slow in taking our order and refilling our water and drinks. it wasn't terrible but not as good as it could've been.
The pappardelle was amazing... incredible. Brought me right back to Tuscany. The wine list is very interesting. My boyfriend ordered the pork chop, which was delicious, but a little fatty. Over all a very good dinner, cant wait to go back!
I keep forgetting to reviews this place.... Went last night and everything was FAAAANtastic as usual. They get 5 stars for being open so late and serving top notch fine dining. Do they even need this review? I think not .... 1250 people can't be wrong ....Oh they also have SOOOOO many things on the menu with bacon on them ... it's almost naughtyTry the mussels for sheezy!
My favorite restaurant in SF, hands down. Been here more times than I can count, though it helps that I live across the street! There's two secrets: one is to sit at the chef's counter. They'll hardly ever seat a reservation there, so 9 times out of 10, you can walk right in. The other, order like it tapas,and tell them to bring it out as it's ready. With a kitchen that busy, sometimes the second course is ready before the first, so expecting things in a certain order means they don't always come out at the optimal temperature. It's a small thing, but can mean a world of difference. Oh- best pisco sour in the city!
I think I over-hyped NOPA.... just like I hate. STILL, I like it. Fond memories, good food, too packed, slightly pretentious at times, but still... I like. :)
NOPA = Zeitgeist for YuppiesOverheard by the communal table: yuppie 1: "hey bro, my girl was sitting there" , yuppie 2: "sorry bro'At the bar: My male friends were emasculated by the fact that their specialty cocktails were served 'Up' making them look like the Human Resources team out for Becky's big promotion.At dinner: The grass fed hamburger tastes like the steer was fed with the 18th green at Augusta which I can only assume is the best grass in the world. The Chef met my OCD level grilling request: "Medium Rare, heading towards rare, but not too rare"Well played NOPA, well played.....
I have an addiction for Nopa, I find myself all too often rounding up the peeps after work for some late night eats and drinks. Usually people are willing to tag along. I am usually posted at the bar or large wooden table than can accommodate whom ever I drag with me. The food is amazing and deserts are to die for. I love the bread pudding although it is a little too small but the cinnamon ice cream is something worth talking about. Bartenders are very attentive and quick serving up strong and delicious drinks. I have a couple favs including the Pisco Sour and Old Cuban. It is a very laid back place perfect for a late night date or for a gathering of old friends.
I've been lazy in not writing reviews for a LONG time, and I was surprised that I never said a peep about loving NOPA before.1200 reviews, and counting, don't lie. This place is awesome and dependable for great food, killer atmosphere, and many many return trips.PORK CHOP! PORK CHOP! PORK CHOP! And great value wine selection. Their Rhone selections are always solid.And you have to get a proper cocktail.
Get the pork chop! I'm still amazed at how good the pork chop is. How do they get it so flavorful? =p
Still tasting the cauliflower soup hours later (in my head at least). Be careful, it can get pricey if you are super hungry for entrees. Best cocktail I've had in a long time. Devil's door white whiskey in a Manhattan with housemade orange bitters!? Thanks, Satan. You taught these guys well. The bar manager is obsessed with making his own bitters, so they have a lot to choose from.   We were out late after we flew in on VD- 10 yrs to the date we got engaged, cheesey I know, but we love it here. Anyways, we ended up coming down the GG bridge through Pac Heights, down Divis and couldn't find a lot of stuff open. Stopped in one place that had a few peeps at the bar, but the kitchen was closed so we asked him where to go. He said Nopa has the best pork chop he'd ever had in his life (but who knows how many pork chops he has eaten?) and they serve very very good drinks. He was right, although I didn't try the chops. We had Cauliflower soup with bacon and green onions which was soo sososososo good. Also a grass fed burger with pickled onions bleu cheese, and huge bacon slices. House made aioli with the fries was unbelievable. Oh man it was great. One of the managers we talked to surprisingly enough lived in La Mesa for a while when she went to San Diego State. Small world. The table we had was right above the open kitchen so we could see action take place. Awesome. I wanna go back, but I will have to budget.Anyways, it was awesome that they were able to serve us at 1am, and we'll have to try again to have everything else on the menu. Ryan was an excellent server, and all the staff we talked to were super nice. They also just opened another restaurant that suits my needs- Mexican. That's probably next on the eating list. Adios
I wasn't quite fully sold on NOPA unfortunately and I really wanted to be. The decor and ambiance is stellar, staff is stellar,interesting drink concoctions-again stellar.But the food last night was so so.LOVED the fish soup. It sounded funky when my dinner date Dan suggested it to me, but I took a leap of faith and agreed to share it with him. Im glad i did, it was excellent .we also shared a broccoli app, that presentation wise was very unappealing,taste wise it was fair.I got a pork chop ,it was huge. the meat on the verge of having too much fat up in it which turned me off. the little yukon potatoes with a mustardy sauce were really good .im willing to give it another shot , i had a good time and maybe i just had a bad pick on the menu.
"Urban Rustic" food? What the hell is that? Whatever it is......it works. This place is excellent. The food is very well done and they have a great menu, great wine list, and good cocktails. Large portions so bring the rest home and enjoy the next day.Parking is difficult, be prepared to search for a bit and the place is quite noisy. That was my main complaint, it was hard to hear one another. It's very busy too so make a reservation.The food makes up for the small negatives and the ambiance of the place is really quite nice.
Nopa has been doing and doing and doing good, for quite some time now and I have enjoyed eating there every time I have eaten there. This last time I ate they were booked before they even opened the restaurant for dinner, they could only seat us at the kitchen bar area which was pretty cool to watch the kitchen staff making the food, they all got along so well and worked in harmony. The drinks there are killer and they have a decent wine list. I had the pork chop and it was pretty good, it was a bit fatty but nothing I couldn't handle and it was full of flavor. My friend had the chicken and I was given the opportunity to taste it and it was very yummy as well. The staff was all very friendly and for the most part on top of things, we did have to wait a little while for our drinks even though they were at the bar waiting to be delivered however they were slammed so I won't complain too much. Will I be back you ask? You Betcha!
If you can get a table at this place and drop some serious cash, I definitely recommend it. Sit upstairs and eat late!
Went there with my sister, her boyfriend and my fianc for a birthday dinner. All I can say is...WOW!! After doing a bunch or research online and reviewing yelpers posting on a good restaurant, Nopa wasn't a top pick or even on my list. We are the kind of people that appreciates good food even if it might be in a dive hole. So my fianc mentioned this place as he had drinks there but never ate there. I was hesitant as I had read reviews of it being a comfort food place. That to me seemed like the fried chicken, sloppy joes, just nothing fancy or really good that I want to bring someone to on their birthday dinner to wow them you know?We made reservations and gave them a try. The ambiance was modern, simple, chic with big beautiful windows and an open kitchen. The place is not quiet, nor was it loud, just a group of people dining and eating. Dress code is probably chic casual if you want to feel comfortable, but I wouldn't go sneakers, jeans and t-shirt, even though they do not have a dress code I don't think.The drink menu was more creative than the other restaurants. You don't really see the apple martini type thing. My fianc and sister's boyfriend especially enjoyed house drinks with cucumber, basil, celery bitters kind of drinks. Although the menu seemed limited with the entre selection, everything we got was fantastic! We ordered 3 appetizers which we devoured and everyone loved their meal! We couldn't stop commenting on how great each dish was as we went through them. We went to bars afterwards but when we got home..my sister told me how her boyfriend was still talking about dinner before they went to bed.Food was delicious, price is great, service was awesome and dcor is modern chic.
After my experience at Nopa, what could I possibly add to the 1200 or so reviews of this restaurant? I'll keep it simple:To all you hype-haters out there (and I know you're out there, as I'm a hype-hater myself): This place is WORTH THE HYPE.I know, I'm surprised to be saying it myself, but it's absolutely true. Nopa rolled out the rug, pulled out all the stops, worked every angle, from the decor, to the service, to the inventive cocktails, to the mind-blowing food. I'm drinking the kool-aid, 100%. This place rocks, plain and simple.I'm making up every excuse I can think of to get back here as soon as I can.Also, I did the math: it cost approximately $60 apiece for our party of 4, and that includes 1 cocktail each, and 1 glass of (excellently paired) wine each, 2 apps, and 1 entree each. Not bad, Nopa. You're worth every penny. Mwah.
I feel like this restaurant opened my eyes to fancy expensive (hey actually this place isn't that expensive) type of restaurants.Now I want to blow all my money on restaurants just to recreate the feeling of NOPAIt also made me obsessed with foods I formerly had no interest in. Beets? Weird veggies I never heard of? YES ANYTHING FROM NOPA.Please go. Or don't go so I don't have to wait for a table.
Friendly, warm engaging atmosphere. All personnel very respectful, caring, withGood humor and expert in knowledge of food and beverage choices. FoodAlways consistantly good. organic healthy food prepared with finesse and Sensuality in mind. Chef is expert in the field and is passionate about food, service, and offering the best possible dining experience. The customer is treated well.I will continue to patronize as it is a pleasure to eat and this establishment.
Dear NOPA,You've been hyped for so long and I've had lofty expectations of you. Yet you clearly rose to the occasion and I left your premises a happily satiated San Franciscan.The specific occasion was a quiet mid-week birthday celebration in honor of yours truly. The dinner experience itself was enhanced by the presence of my lovely dinner companion who as much zeal for great food as I do.The stylish interior - with its colorful cityscape mural, high ceilings, and well-placed lighting - had a lot to do with the overall enjoyment of the meal.As for the meal we had the little gems salad, pan roasted black cod in tomato-saffron sauce, and the grilled roasted pork chop. The latter was definitely the highlight for the night - with its perfectly crisp skin and smokiness - and each tender bite was zealously devoured with ear-to-ear grins.We ended the night with the smoked creme brulee with blood orange marmalade. Let's just say that didn't last too long on our table and we even contemplated getting another one...oh wait, that was just me!Though not the most cheerful group around, the staff was competent and did not take away from the overall dining experience.Thank you NOPA for giving this erstwhile birthday boy one of those "San Francisco moments" which serve to remind me that I'm indeed very fortunate to live in this singular city of ours.
I've been here about 4-5 times. I enjoy the atmosphere every time. As for the food, somewhat memorable. I remember the flat bread appetizer and the pork chops being my favorites. Nice wine selection. Other wise, it's just above average.
Great ambiance, you can dress up or dress down here and not feel weird. Full bar, lounge-y dinging room. Fantastic food. I had the pork chop for fun because the waiter recommended it and I felt like challenging them (I normally hate pork). Well it was so big and juicy that I couldn't finish it and even after being in the fridge overnight and being nuked in the morning for "breakfast", it still was pretty damn good. And that, ladies and gentleman, is the sign of an undeniably good meal. Must I go into more detail about why this place is so great? Read everyone else's reviews and just go!
Ok, I'm writing a revised review for NOPA and upping it 2 stars to 4 due to improved service & the quality of their food & ethics. We dined there again and even though we had the same waitress, we were treated much nicer and while she still showed a flair of attitude from time to time, she was... actually helpful.. and borderline pleasant?!What I love about this place is that they support local farmers. That is so important these days and if you don't know why, I suggest you check out foodincmovie.com & freshthemovie.com. On NOPA's website, the restaurant lists which farms they get their meats, poultry, fish, & produce. In this day in age with reports of food contamination occurring every time you turn on the news or get online, it is becoming MUCH more important to KNOW WHERE YOUR FOOD COMES FROM! While you are at NOPA, don't forget to sample their simply amazing cocktails, especially the Pisco Sours & the Chocolate Espresso Martini. Seriously, you won't want to stop drinking either. Go ahead, don't worry, the food is so good you will more than fill up on food to balance the alcohol you consume!
Cute space - great food!We had the mussels & flat bread to start which were both delicious.I had one of the best burgers I've had & our table also got the pork chop & chicken. The pork chop was amazing & enormous. The blue bottle martini was great. And the waitress suggested a delicious wine for us.It was a little loud, even for our late dinner, but will definitely be going back.
I've visited this restaurant 2x. The first was just for drinks. The bartenders were cool and I had this really yummy drink called the Elderflower gimlet something or another. The restaurant has a great airy, wide open feel to it - and feels casual yet trendy . My second time there was for dinner, and I loved our small plates especially- the fries with aioli, our mussels with garlic and white wine...  my entree was the grilled pork chop which was so flavorful... and the BEST part was the dessert: the pecan pie with salted caramel ice cream... sooo good.!! If you're a sweets fan I highly recommend this.Overall, I would go back- I'd feel comfortable either here on a date or just out with friends.
OOEMMGEE!! I loved this place. The atmosphere is great, the bartenders, hostess and waiters were soo nice and so helpful! Our waiter especially was really helpful and definitely introduced us to some off the menu drinks as well as recommending what foods to get. On to the food because that was the most important. As a starter we had the fritto trio and it was delicious. I had the duck with the fava beans and it was the best duck i've ever had. I'm used to the peking duck and it's super greasy but don't get me wrong I love that too..but this one was just so tender and the right portions. My boyfriend had the hamburger because it was recommended as one of the best things on the menu and it was so good. The bun was a brioche and it was so good. I can't get over it. The cocktails are the best! we had a coffee cocktail that's not on the menu but if you ask the waiter about it he/she will definitely know what you're talking about. It's such a great pick me up especially having a couple drinks before..you're ready to party for the next few hours!I'm salivating as I write this review because it was such a great place to go to. I know everyone is saying that but it's so true! I loved it. It's a must go before the end of your lifetime!
OMG! It was so yummy and fresh food!! I just came back from Nopa. It was packed Tuesday night. finally we could make it after attemting to make reservation twice for Friday night ( i gave up for weekend...)Anyway, as other people reviewed, foods and wine were excellent and cost performance was great. Stuffs were very friendly and professional. he knows where I can buy "dragon bean" in the city. We sat upstair and could see all different foods at the kitchen counter from upstair. Everything looked great. I am sure that I will go back again sooooooon!!!
Well all I can start by saying is I am so glad to see how hard these folks worked on getting rid of everything commercial in there wine and spirit selections. Kudos to Jeff for finding Nehay and Chris to take over the wine and Spirit programs at his restaurant. This was a well needed restaurant for this area and what great food they have to offer. I know that this was once a laundry mate but what a great space for a restaurant. ( I think it was also a bank at one time. Yes now that I think about it there wine cellar is also the former vault ) Just great food, service, wine and selection of small batch spirits. These guys did it right the first time out. Just a tip make a reservation or get in when they first open or it will be hard to get a seat.
The blue bottle martini is an absolutely unique drink. I'm obsessed with it like checking my facebook. I think I came here everyday for a week straight to recap my otherwise pitiful day with tasty solitude bliss. Elegant sharp espresso with excellent tasteful crema. Ideal to indulge late night thoughts of "where did all go wrong" especially surrounded by generally blissful rich people.
Valentine's Day + (popular restaurant + hordes of patrons) = potential recipe for disaster. Right? Right?WRONG! NOPA hit a grand-slam home run last night. Food and service was perfect for our group of seven. I was there with my cousins-from-out-of-town, several of whom had been there before.The only thing that I could, if I were being uber picky, complain about is the general noise level, but that seems to be something automatically added as a 'feature' in modern, urban restaurant design. In any case, we were seated (right on time) on the upper level towards the back (right over the kitchen) and the noise wasn't too bad.We covered a lot of ground on the menu. Everybody, except for me, started with a Blue Bottle martini (vodka, araku and iced Blue Bottle espresso) -- a favorite from their previous visit. I indulged in a Hirsch (bourbon -- lovely, delicious bourbon) on the rocks, followed by one of the Blue Bottle martinis. I rarely drink sweet drinks but this was gooooooood.Our appetizers included: warm marinated olives, wood baked white beans, Little Gem lettuces, with grated Serena (this is a Three Sisters cheese - and it's great! I know you can get it at Rainbow and I've seen it at Whole Foods, too.) and a creamy herb vinaigrette and the tempura-ish fried fish, radicchio, red onion and Page Mandarin slices. Everything but the wood baked beans (they were merely 'good') was exceptional.Entrees included: the grilled country pork chops, rotisserie herb chicken, baked pasta, the grass-fed hamburger -- technically, the cow is grass fed ;-) seared duck breast (the only other entree I tasted other than my own -- it was excellent) and my entree -- the pan roasted black cod with stewed leeks, wild mushrooms and thyme. The cod was cooked to perfection -- although being pan roasted, I was expecting more of a crispy skin but the 'done-ness' of the flesh was perfect. The ragout of leeks and mushrooms was excellent, as well. Everybody gave high marks to their entrees.We shared three desserts among us: pecan tart with salted caramel ice cream, a trio of sorbets (lemon, chocolate and blood orange -- all intensely flavored and creamy), and the smoked creme brulee, blood orange marmalade and espresso tuile. Smoked creme brulee -- what a marvelous way to update this dessert. I wish there was a little more of the blood orange marmalade garnishing the dish -- it was a great flavor and complimented the creme brulee. All were very tasty. The sorbets (for the intense flavor and wickedly good texture) and the smoked creme brulee are battling it out for my favorite of the desserts.
I was first introduced to Nopa when my friends threw me a surprise graduation party here. I've returned twice, the last time after a show at The Independent, and it has been a pleasant experience each time. The ambience is modern, busy and spacious. The food I found to be good the first few times and delicious the last time, which, incidentally was at the community table. Fun.
My dating friend took me here for a bite to eat on my birthday. The place was pretty busy and very clean. Our waiter was attentive and the food was great. We got pretty good seats up on the loft over looking the place. I'd definitely recommend this place to friends.
Inconspicous from the outside, would never think this to be a restaurant. Once inside, kinda transported to another place. I love when a restaurant or any place can make you feel like you're somewhere else. I really liked the atmosphere, a bit dim, great murals, open kitchen, busy bar scene as well. Their menu is small, whenever I get a chance I always order fish. Ordered the halibut and calamari appetizer. Both were good, especially the calamari.
Delicios dinner before a show at the Independent. Sitting up stairs was fun people watching. Flavorful, creative food and cocktails.Tried the baked Sardine appetizer for something different. It was served whole fish with greens and wonderful crunchy garbanzo beans.The drink menu is very creative and the bar tenders take pride in their mixology. I found the menu a bit of a confusing list of obscure liquors, but the waiter was glad to explain the flavor combination and offered great suggestions.
Love this place just like everybody else. Cool bartenders, solid food and wine.Yes it's loud as hell. And crowded. And pricey.
Calamari - this is not deepfriend. It is kinda wet and messy b/c the pieces are big. i dont like messy food.Duck Confit - you cannot beat chinese bbq duck. duck was very average.Flat Bread - this is like a dry pizza. Veggies, meat, and cheese, just the right amounts.Duck Breast - again, you cannot beat chinese bbq duck. this duck was very very fatty.Pork Chop - this was the biggest pork chop i ever seen. it was heavily flavored too. by the size and color you'd think it was a steak.Baked Pasta - this was pretty good considering i hate brussel sprouts but didn't notice it on the menu when i ordered it. also it must have been really good since my friend sitting next to me insisted on eating my leftovers despite my numerous warnings that i was sick, real sick.Service was great. Waitress was great. One thing that bothered me though...she was likely not wearing a B__. Everytime she came by the table, I felt very embarrassed...
Hands down my favorite place to eat in the city. Simple, uncomplicated, classy without feeling snobby. The pork chop is definitely the way to go, although I also love their vegetable tagine. Try the sopapillas--not really sopapillas per say, but Nopa's own perfect little clouds of soft sweet bread that they serve with warm honey. Def. need a reservation--pretty far in advance if you want to eat at a decent hour. Parking is tough, but there's a handful of cash lots right down the street by the gas station.
Very tasty food! Staff has been helpful and attentive. Reservations are a must unless you're okay with waiting a considerable period of time.
In most cities on the East Coast, getting a great meal at midnight isn't a real challenge - late night (and all-night) eateries are relatively common. Many of the establishments are diners, specializing in hearty, if somewhat anonymous fare; however, the ravenous insomniac can often find fine dining with a little effort, usually at a bar-restaurant that keeps the kitchen open late.After relocating to the Bay Area, I was a little disappointed with the late-night dining options available to me. In my own backyard - Marin - Denny's and In and Out seemed to be the only places open after 10 (until Sol Food began late night hours on the weekends about a year ago). Forays over the Golden Gate Bridge proved no better: Mel's just isn't my idea of a good time.Everything changed when a friend took me to Nopa. Our first visit was at around 11 PM on a Thursday. We had just caught a movie at the Kabuki, and were starving. I was beginning to despair of ever eating again when she managed to get a late reservation.We arrived, were seated and soon had an incredible spinch salad in front of us. That was followed by a perfectly baked piece of halibut and a stellar dessert.Since then, we have visited Nopa whenever hunger pains struck during the wee-smalls. At each visit, we've been bowled over with the food and service. A favorite of ours is the baked beans with tomato, feta and bread crumbs (the beans seem to change from week to week). We have yet to be disappointed...
Flatbread-delishPork chop-amazing!!!!Sopaipillas (donuts with homemade carmel sauce)-Holy bajesus!Best meal I have ever had!!!
Nopa has the best burger... FOR SURE.atmosphere is excitingthey give you an amuse bush...community table and community hand washing stations...very sanfrancisco...GOTTA TRY IT!
I've been here twice in the past week. The first trip came after a night of drinking next door at Madrone, and maybe it was the the less than sober state I arrived in or the fact that it was past 11pm, but the food that night was awesome. I only got the burger and fries but the burger was juicy, super-tender, and "almost" comparable to Father's Office down in so cal. The second time I went was for dinner. I got the burger again, and maybe it was the cheese and bacon that I didn't get the first time, or maybe the key is to go when it isn't as busy, but it wasn't quite as tasty. Don't get me wrong, it was still good, but there wasn't that memorable, 'i can't wait to come back' feeling afterwards. However, the flatbread and especially the mussel appetizers were awesome. The mussels were juicy and perfectly cooked.
When I heard the rave about Nopa, I immediately wanted to try it. The first tidbit of rumor was that it was the hotspot for a nice drink after work (said the one of the stylists at Mercer Street). Second I heard that the burger was "to-die-for", and last, that the rest of the menu was delicious also!Came here on a Wednesday--no reservations were available (ON A WEDNESDAY!) so we walked in. Had to wait about 45 minutes, but spent that time at the bar. Good selection of drinks...Seemingly, every day the place is packed. One of the good things I suppose is that Nopa has a communal table--something you don't see every day, and if you are there for a quick bite, and don't mind chatting up a stranger, that would be the way to go.We had the flatbread for appetizer-- delish, and also very filling. I ordered the famous burger, with Gruyere, and I was NOT disappointed I have no idea HOW they do it, but It doesn't taste anything like an ordinary burger. Another plus, it was not even expensive! Comes with fries too... My +1 had the porkchop which was moist and cooked to perfection.Seems like a nice local place with extraordinary food, which would explain the crowds....Another plus, NOPA doesn't close until late in the night...
Yet another restaurant where the Yelp consensus couldn't be more spot-on.Ambiance = 5 starsFood = 3 starsWhich of course equals 4 stars.The decor is cool, the staff are attractive and the clientele are funky, all of which this is the type of place that you can take your snobby friends from NY or LA and make them jealous. It's also why Nopa was recently featured in the NY Times travel section.And best of all, it's open LATE. This is one of the only places in SF to get an actual meal after 10:00 pm, and not just a slice of pizza or a burrito. That alone merits a minimum 4 star rating.But alas the food is unspectacular. I concur with the Yelper who echoed the sentiments of all of the Bravo reality TV judges here. Some of the mains themselves are good, notably the lamb shank which was one of the better shanks I've ever tasted. The pork chop? Not so much. It was fatty and uninspiring.The biggest disappointment were the sides, which were unbelievably bland. They lack both creativity and flavor. An impressive liqour and cocktail selection sort of makes up for it, but even by SF hipster standards Nopa still has a long way to go to become a 5 star establishment.
Great for late night dining. Get a Pisco Sour and the Sausage Flatbread. Add the soup if you're hungry, and you're set. The prefect meal!
Finally had brunch here. Table shared 2 egg dishes, hash, burger and french toast. All were very fresh and great tasting. Don't think it was 5 star, but hard to judge on brunch so will go back for dinner, so far a solid 3 1/2-4. One negative, the service was less than stellar, not rude but certainly not friendly, and quite slow and unapologetic about it, even took about 15 mins to get our waters, and did not get much better from there. We are pretty forgiving so a pretty big deal for me to mention service. Like I said, we will be back to try dinner, and hopefully the service is better. Definitely recommend the food, but hard to live up to the hype, IMO.
Went here with a friend and I was not impressed. It's not that the food wasn't good, it just wasn't special. Maybe my expectations were high considering they have 4/5 stars and about a bajillion Yelp reviews. I dunno... either way, I'm giving them 3 stars!Asaparagus: Good flavors. Sweet asparagus, crispy batter, great meyer lemon and dill sauce. But really... if I fried asparagus and dipped it in sauce it'd be good too.Smoked bacon salad with walnuts and poached egg. ANYTHING with bacon in it is good! And it'd be sad if they managed to fuck up a salad. But once again... salad with walnuts, bacon and a poached egg?! Good but nothing special.Flatbread with carmelized onions sausage and cheese. One of my favorite dishes of the night. The flatbread was crisp and perfectly baked, sausage was flavorful (although not spicy like it was supposed to be) and the cheeses were sooo good. The downside? I would've liked more onions on it. I could barely taste them!Pan roasted black cod. I saw it came with a saffron tomato broth and I just had to try it! Ummm disappointed much?!! The cod was light, sweet and tender like it should've been but the sauce was no more than tomato water. Talk about getting cheated! I couldn't even taste the saffron! With the very very very light flavor of the cod I would've expected a more flavorful broth! But no... sadly the dish was bland. THE WINE LIST! Loved it! Very extensive and our waitress seemed to really know her stuff. We got a bottle of one of the French bordeaux's. Don't remember which one but it was sooooooooo good!Sidenote: We got a free order of the fries! SCOOOORE! I love fries and these were pretty good. My only gripe, I couldn't even tell it was a garlic aioli. Tasted like plain mayonaise. =( I love garlic... almost as much as I love bacon.
Two words...PORK CHOP!!!This is quite possibly the best pork chop known to mankind. In fact, if you were to introduce this pork chop and a couple of beer kegs to the general assembly of the United Nations, there would be world peace over night.The flatbread was another stop on the tour of delicious pork and peaches. The warm goat cheese was paired with fresh strawberries and was so sweet it could have almost been a dessert. Great atmosphere, killer wine list and the bar made a pretty damn good sasarac. Definitely worth making a reservation a month ahead of time.
I came here again! This time I had the upside down blood orange cake...MUCH better
Food was great! Fried Anchovies with Red sauce. Warm olives. Delicious duck! The only thing was that the wait staff had zero idea of what the answer to our questions about the cuisine were. "the food is cal-mediteranian, but where in the mediterranean?" no clue. It's obviously a Spanish inspired menu this evening, but the wait staff had no idea of the chefs vision.
The atmosphere was somewhat elegant and the service was pretty good. The food wasn't bad and neither are the prices. I would definitely come back for a drink and a nice dinner.I have to re-yelp this because I've gone back a few times since my original review and I have to say that their food and service has been pretty consistent.  Their drinks are delicious as well. I will always go back when I'm in the mood for a good drink, pleasant service and delicious food.
This is hands down my favorite restaurant EVER!!! There is not even a close second to NOPA! I went there with my best friend just under a year ago and will be returning this week!!!! Best calamari ever!!! The dish is cooked perfectly and they practically melt in your mouth! I also had the rabbit which was delicious. We ended out night with what might be the best cobbler we had ever tasted. The bartender was great and made amazing drinks. I am so excited to go back and even though I live in LA I will make sure to go back as often as possible!!!
Perfect manhattan to start then get the goat cheese move over to the beet salad then the burger with fries...during all of this I enjoy a couple more glasses of my perfect manhattan. The ambiance and staff are wonderful. I love that fact that NOPA has an open kitchen and they serve food later in the evening.I've tried almost all of the menu itmes and I have not been disappointed.
I'm happy to see a new flare to Divis... and NOPA is certainly it.We came here on a late Saturday eve on a friend's recommendation. And I was thrilled to find a restaurant with a late kitchen that serves truly wonderful dishes...At 11:30 pm the place was still crowded..and people were still pouring in past midnight. The food did not dissapoint. They served regional seasonal dishes that were fresh, inventive and very tasty! The dishes were reasonably priced..I'm definitely a fan and will have to try again!
OK service by nice people but uneven product. My crab dish had specks of crab, along with shell, and NO crab taste, plus the waiter never returned to see how the meal was before the plate was snatched up by help staff.  Great seats above the open kitchen allowed us to watch a food prep operation a bit too casual for my standards, including some dishes with reheated veggies tossed in with new, as well as big portion differences. Too much salt. GREAT appetizers far outshadowed our entrees.
Note: If I could do 2 1/2 stars I would.When I'm hungry, the idea of eating brussel sprouts and cauliflower and paying $10-$20 for each dish isn't my idea of satisfying, no matter how beautiful the place.Here's what Nopa's done right:- BEAUTIFUL DESIGN. Love the painted wall, the upstairs overlooking the kitchen, exposed beams. Gorgeous window design and feasting table in the corner with an elegant lamp cluster. And the bathroom space is genius. love it.- EXCELLENT STAFF. Everyone there is attentive, looks you in the eyes and seems to genuinely care about your experience. Here's what they got wrong:-THE MENU. Yeah, that's a big one. When we sat down, we were hungry and the menu was SO LIMITED and so weird. I'm a vegetarian, I can roll with vegetable dishes, but cauliflower soup and tagine vegetables? It was really "meh" and I knew the second I looked at the menu I thought "Great, I'm gonna be gassy all fucking night."The goat cheese crostini with pickled beets was good, but how could it be bad!? you know what I'm sayin? This place is in DIRE NEED of a menu overhaul.- DRINKS. Part of why I chose this place (aside from it being in my neighborhood) was the cocktail menu looked kick ass. Stupid Tsunami Sushi is closed on Sundays so I wanted to take my girlfriend somewhere with good tails. The rum lemondrop was tasty, but not SO GOOD that you want more. And these are $9 cocktails. I got the Old Cuban and it was disappointing.We hit the liquor store on the corner and loaded up on Spumante.i WANT to like Nopa. But unless they change their menu, I wont be back, and that makes me sad because it's really pretty and the staff are super cool. :(
My co-worker suggested we come here for dinner earlier in the week - Wednesday, I believe. It was around 10pm and the place was still hoppin. Service was a little slow but not bad. We shared all our dishes - appies: giant white beans, smoked trout, roasted spring onions; main: pork chops, rabbit, halibut. The stand outs were the smoked trout and pork chops.I'd come back again, but I wouldn't rush. There are other great restaurants in SF to try out first.
Excellent meal... each component from appetizer to dessert was delicious. The ingredients were so fresh and flavorful. You have to order something with bacon... they have the best bacon I have ever eaten, and I've eaten a lot of bacon. The grass fed hamburger is excellent too! I will be back as often as I can afford it! Oh and our waiter was super cool... and he looked like a cross between Jesus and Mick Jagger.
I like it. It's good. The place is like your friend's house - the one who's place you always prefer to yours because it has a better vibe and better food, always. But why oh why can I never get up in there? Just want a seat at the bar for myself, with a glass of wine and a plate of duck. Not even on a Monday fortheloveofgod. I live less than a block away and the only time I see the place is when I get off the 21 after a late night at work.
Understand why there are so many reviews now. Incredible meal, everything brought to the table was thoroughly enjoyed, and proper service. Fresh ingredients and great experience. Delicious.
This is one of those perennial hots spots that everyone's always talking about, going to, or trying to go to (I think this happens a lot too between the long waits and terrible neighborhood parking). There's something about a restaurant that is always buzzing with people and open late. The two combined seem to give people a feeling that if they are they, their cool factor is validated. We stumbled in last night and waited the thirty minutes for a table (around 8:30pm on a Th.) with cocktails in hand at the bar. I got the Hemingway... damn it was tangy and strong. Couldn't drink the whole thing. We were seated upstairs overlooking the kitchen. Being a chef/foodie I loved seeing what was going on and smelling all the food being prepared, but some people might have hated the heat and kitchen noise. The food was good. Fresh and well prepared, but portions are a bit scant. The server raved about the heirloom tomato salad, saying they were at their peak. I've actually had better tomatoes, so I wouldn't have been so eager to endorse it if I were her, but the flavors were nicely balanced. The sardines were not my thing, but their side of eggplant swimming olive oil was delicious. And our veggie Tajine was outstanding. A blend of potatoes, carrots, beans and other veggies with olives and tangy yogurt dollops, this was my favorite of the evening. Seasoning was really done well on it as well. I feel like I've had better meals for my money (Woodwards Garden, Bar Tartine, etc.), but if you want to be part of the vibe that is Nopa there certainly is an energy about this place. If you're just looking for a good, full meal and are more about the quality than the scene I'd go elsewhere.
40 minutes for entree. Wasted time for me, money for them. Salad and appetizers done with elegant touch, roasted chicken overcooked, uninteresting
service is just okay. good atmosphere, menu not all that impressive. a bit overhyped/overrated.
It took me while to get my butt over there. We didn't have a reservation but chanced it since it was early. At first when we walked in I was a bit overwhelmed. I work in a place with a lot of activity and I like to have a chill atmosphere for eating but, hey, it's a city what are you going to do? This had a lot of activity but it wasn't like Cirqe de Soleil or anything plus after an "old cuban" I was fine:) The space itself is great. Large ceilings, open kitchen, cool graphic design on the wall, and an upstairs balcony. The hostess told us that it would be an hour wait but we snagged a bar seat that a couple offered to us (thanks kids).  We had a few drinks and got to know the barstaff a bit. My back tends to get tired at some bars but I was even comfortable on the bar stools....they're comfy. For dinner we started off with fries and the flatbread. Weird combo but worth it. If you're looking for a snack and drink, go here and just have the flatbread, it's good but it might ruin your dinner. The fries were crack. They gave us some type of pepper/parm aioli with it and I couldn't stop dipping in. One more Old Cuban and a glass of champagne later and we were pretty happy and full already;)For entrees we did the grilled Pork and the fish stew. My girlfriend realized she was not a fan of potato red sauce combo but still liked it. I had the pork and it was great. I'm going to find out what cut it was, I would like to try it at home. It came with roasted yams and I think watercress with some type of lemon mint infusion.....really good.I would go back and try other things out. Also, I think I would like to plan a special night out and make a reservation. I want to eat and observe the place from the vantage point of a table. Great staff, good wine list, fellow eaters are not annoying, and the food is good. Hit it up.
Mmm mm! So good! I came here with my boyfriend and friend at 10 PM on a Wednesday and got a table within 10 minutes. The interior is great; high ceilings, bar, shared bathroom, nice furnishings.. The food! So good! I never eat pork chops but I decided to get them here. Definitely the best dish of the night. It was a huge slab of meat and it was seasoned perfectly. The drinks were also really good. There are a lot of unique drinks on the menu and they are strong but tasty. The best part was the dessert. Our waitress helped us along by explaining each dessert and we decided on the bacon brittle with ice cream. Bacon and ice cream you ask? SO GOOD! Why didn't anyone think of this before? I'm big on bacon, so I loved it. You must try this.
i was at the bar had to wait a 1 hour to find a seat. Had the pork chop which was fucking good . The bacon brittle ice cream was the best.service was very good coming from the bartenders even though they were very busy.
I've been twice to this spot, but it doesn't look like it's going to ever get to the high marks I was hoping for. The decor is really cool, nice and styly but still pretty casual. I was with a vegetarian, so we were decently happy to see a good amount of vegi sides to accommodate. Their french fries are great, the chicken I had was very juicy as you would expect from a rotisserie chicken, but the 2 other items we had really fell short.The polenta was a little too goey, and it lacked any real character. We got the grilled broccoli and the problem was that it was soaked in this really tangy sour lemon flavor that was way over powering. Also, the side of potatoes that came with the chicken was way overpowered by the lemon to the point of not being able to eat them at all. I would be very surprised if anybody would have enjoyed these dishes, it's not like they were little too strong, they were WAY too strong. Good drinks, but easily the smallest martini I've ever seen. It was about 1/2 size, so they lose points there as well.The dark and stormy i ordered was mediocre, the desert drinks were great. The best part about the bar is you get to sit next to the person you're with so it's easy to get close. I had a great night, I'd go back for drinks, but it does get pretty crowded. First come first served at the bar and community table, so be push and nimble you'll get the table.Bottom line, I got the girl, so that's nice, but that was all me.
Great service, really good food. Drinks were good too, bloody marys had roasted beets with them and that was cool. Nice restaurant, I would definitely return
Neighborhoods in big cities are in a constant state of flux. First, Starbucks moves in, and the yuppies follow. Then, Wal-mart moves in, and the yuppies head for the suburbs. Finally, a trendy restaurant replaces the old run-down laundromat directly across the street from Popeye's Chicken, and the yuppies are confused. One thing is for certain: once that happens, the neighborhood gentrification is officially complete. Judging by the 1500 reviews, I am one of the last people to have tried NOPA. My friend took me here for my birthday dinner, and boy, was I glad she did. The restaurant looks like a giant loft. There is a gigantic bar, an open kitchen and balcony seating upstairs. It seems as though every Yelp and Zagat critic commented on the noise level at NOPA, but I have to say that I didn't find it that unusually loud. Definitely not "airport runway level" as someone said. Granted, we were seated upstairs, which tended to be a bit less noisy. I did enjoy seating on the balcony, looking down at the people on the lower level. The service at NOPA is, shall we say, unusual. The waiters' dress code is pretty lax; all of them seem to wear brown shirts and jeans. The focus is definitely on friendly, down-to-earth and homey, not professional and experienced. Our waiter was very nice, although it took him a while to notice us. He spoke very softly and appeared only when he absolutely had to. Not a huge thing, but still worth mentioning. This is the only negative thing I'll say about NOPA. We shared 2 appetizers, which could have been easily shared by four people. The flatbread with fennel sausage was delicious. It tasted a little like thin crust pizza at an upscale Italian trattoria. It was a great way to start our meal, although it could have actually BEEN the meal. We also had the warm goat cheese appetizer - warm goat cheese served with crostini (or tiny pieces of toast). I know what you're thinking: that's a lot of bread for appetizer. You're probably right. It took me a while to decide on the entree. After much deliberation, I went with the pork chop, which was one of the few good decisions I've made this year. This pork chop deserves 10 stars by itself. I know that I've proclaimed this before, but this truly was the best pork chop I've ever had. I know I've said the same thing about pork chops at these three places: yelp.com/biz/louisiana-r, yelp.com/biz/acme-chopho, yelp.com/biz/los-altos-g, but this time I really mean it. The NOPA pork chop was cooked medium, and it had just a tiny hint of this unique, gamey, smokey flavor. It was almost like eating a pork filet mignon, if such a thing existed. What a delight. It was served with caramelized sweet potatoes (yum) and grilled spinach (yuck), but who cares? Seriously. To recap: Best. Pork Chop. Ever. We left the restaurant without trying dessert. Who knew that two plates of bread and cheese and a giant piece of pork could be so filling? Great job, NOPA. I will be back. Now, about the parking situation in the neighborhood . . .
Mmmmmm...what could be better than gorging yourself on gourmet grub at 12:45am? Unless you're totally wired on Red Bull Vodkas and somehow had the foresight to defrost those veal shanks before you stepped out for the night, chances are you won't be whipping up any dishes of gastronomical genius at home. Luckily, NOPA's got your back.As one of the few late night fine dining establishments in SF, NOPA instantly sprung to mind when the epicurean bug took hold at 12:30am last Wednesday. Yes, it was Halloween, and yes I was dressed as a sexy bumblebee and toting a man dressed as a sexy priest on my arm. But as we crossed the threshold just under the 1am wire, NOPA welcomed us with open arms. As our midnight snack, we indulged in the goat cheese crostini with beets, the delectably tender lamb riblets, and the crispy-skinned rotisserie herb chicken. Perfect choices. Our waiter suggested a fine white wine to compliment our somewhat eclectic menu. I also took a gamble on an elderflower gimlet, and sweated it out after iPhone wikipediaing "elderflower" only to find that the plant stems from the genus "sambucus." Fortuitously, the cocktail had no semblance of licorice flavor and pleasantly surprised my palate (and my costume inhibitions) with its sour sweetness.At the late 1am hour, the usual hip young NOPA crowd was virtually absent, and the cozy booths and low lighting provided an unexpectedly romantic setting for sexy bee and sexy priest to nuzzle, sip wine, and feed each other chucks of mouth-watering chicken. It was also great to roll in without reservations and not to be rushed one bit by our wonderful server. NOPA is positioning itself for an Erin R. stamp of approval for CONSISTENTLY excellent cuisine and service. After all, at that late hour you can't afford to take chances. You also probably can't afford to ingest that many calories so make sure you have some way of working them off after you leave the restaurant. ;)
NOPA is great. I love the place, especially the drinks. Try "The Last Word" its delicious :-) Price isn't bad for SF and an added plus is that they are open late!!My one compliant is that their food is a bit salty for my "health nut" taste.
NOPA I love you.You are in my neighborhood, so that's an added bonus. But I think that I would probably walk though fire to get to you even if that wasn't the case.Flatbread=orgasm in my mouth.You'll be finding me here often. Say hi.
The country pork chop I had the other night was quite possibly the best I've ever had. The Riesling complimented it beautifully. Finished with the honey crme brle. Delicious! My companion enjoyed the halibut, and I was too into my own meal to notice what else. As always, though, Eric provided impeccable service with incredible attention to detail. Extra star now for good serving sizes! I now leave knowing I've had a meal and not just a nice experience!
The best the best the best!Food, cocktails, dessert, wine, coffee, ambiance, personality, food, innovation, freshness, clientele, locale (in my hood!) - all merit 5 stars. Can you tell? Nopa is my new crush.The emphasis here is on fresh, local, in-season fare, and you know they're serious when even the cocktails change with the season. I've been back twice in one week, and half the menu had changed. That's what I'm talking about. Yum.
I tried to eat there once before but there was an hour and a half wait. So my group decided it was better to go somewhere else. This time, we had a reservation. We were seated right away.I had the hamburger and my bf had the pork chop (since it was recommended). The hamburger was very good. They cook the patty exactly how you ask for it. The fries that came with the fries were really good. I had some of the pork chop too. It was just ok. I'm not sure why its so popular on yelp. The duck looked good but we didn't get a chance to try it since we wanted to go with the recommendations. (So maybe pass on the pork chop if you go.) The dessert was great. We had the butterscotch tart and the chocolate souffle. Slightly preferred the tart, but the souffle had a nice light taste to it which i liked. It wasn't too rich or heavy.Our server was interesting. She was nice to us ladies, but the fellas didn't get a good vibe. So it was a little odd and she forgot the appetizer we asked for. It worked out because the entree and dessert was enough food. We didn't order any extra sides either. Although one app or one side would have been ok too.Bill came out to about $40 per person (including tip), so it wasn't too bad. I would come back for the burger but get it to go so you don't have to wait!
Cool name, cool place, cool loft, cool open kitchen, cool drinks, and most importantly good food. I guess the food was cool too. I was totally dreading looking for parking and waiting for a table but honestly it wasn't that bad. Took about 10 minutes to find parking and we waited another 30 min. for a table on a Friday night. Though I can see it could get totally worse. So this is what we had:Flatbread of Smoked Bacon, Onions, Gruyere, and Raddichio - Uber YumCelery Root Soup with French Thyme - Creamy GoodnessShe had:Elderflower Gimlet - Tart but tastyRoasted Herb Chicken with Potatoes - Moist, but too salty. Not quite totally "there."I had:Dark and Stormy - Rum with Ginger Beer, simple but AWESOME comboOld Cuban - Too minty, it was like a fizzy herb gardenDark and Stormy - Yep, I had another...Braised Lamb Shank with Squash and Brussel Sprout Risotto - The shank was cooked to perfection, and the risotto's creaminess was a great compliment to the lamb. We were so stuffed at the end that we couldn't venture into the dessert menu. I damned near slurped the bone clean. Actually I did. Damn it though because I wanted to try the Sugar Pie Pumpkin Souffle Cafe with Creme Fraiche Ice Cream. How good does that sound?I've got to say that this place lived up to the hype that I've heard and read. And I LOVE a bar that uses fresh ingredients and has interesting, tasty cocktails. It adds so much fun to the dining experience. I'm going again.
I did my laundry here once.Ok, that's a lie, but I remember when it was a laundry mat.The staff is cool, the place looks great, it's open late and the chicken is great 50% of the time. I only had it twice. I like to sit at the bar and watch the cooking.NOPA is good for property value around here even though I really hate the word NOPA.Nice joint.good thing I chimed in, with only 900 reviews, it's hard to get an idea of what a place is all about.
Much ado about not much! After cruising Yelp for burgers yet untasted from my perch on the steps of The Castro, I chose Nopa and learned that their hours as posted on Yelp don't mean food is available all the hours of 11:00 to 11:00, and I felt some irritation as the host person suggested dinner would start in two hours and their "snack menu" in only one hour, how about bellying up to the bar for a drink...she was friendly, attractive and uber sweet, but I left with a bad taste in my mouth. She said a lot of people arrive after reading about Nopa on Yelp only to find that the hours posted on Yelp are a 'misnomer', her word. As I exited, plans dashed, another opportunity presented itself directly across busy Divisadero that I'd tried long ago when it was the latest, hottest new burger joint, so burger update is on the way for Acme. Third times a charm I guess. Thursday at 6:45 and the place is packed and I wait standing at the bar until a couple finally disengage with one of the five guys behind the bar. I'm here for their much heralded burger so I grab one of the chatty guys behind the bar and place my order with Gruyere. It's a great looking place, solid, modern and really comfortable. It's a good menu covering a lot of bases on a single letter size piece of paper. The staff at the bar are truly professional and know their craft and stock in trade. The wine and drink menu's smart and fairly priced. I see, no I know why Nopa is so successful. They are here to serve great food and drink as well as to entertain their guests, and they do it in spades. It's now half an hour since ordering, and people next me at the bar are half way through an appetizer and now their entree, hmm. So the minute I start bitching about how long it's taking out comes my burger and it's gorgeous, a work of art. The brioche style bun is toasted to perfection, the meat is juicy and pink inside and crunchy on the outside. The cheese is melted and it's unadorned and free of anything else except a large portion of near perfect fries that are crisp, oil free and addictive. One of the best burgers ever. I really recommend Nope for style and substance, and their burger is a target far all other burger meisters to aim for.
Food here is always good, as is the service. Great bar, and the community table is fun. However, it gets very busy, so reservations are a must. And if you want quiet conversation, this is not the place. It's never quieter than a low roar.
mmmmm...... great food and great drinks. service is good and the servers know what their talking about. if you dont know what to order, get the burger. "one of the best in sf", says sean.
I was here a few years back... sat in the communal area and endured a long, loud, unmemorable evening. Clearly not a good first impression. However....Having just visited for an intimate birthday celebration I come away with nothing shy of rave reviews. I made reservations at peak dinner hour over the weekend and yet we were seated immediately. The service ran like clock work, not a detail was missed. The flat bread was delish, as was the tomato salad. After a thorough discussion with the waiter and the busser about a few entrees, I decided on the Nine Hour Bolognese. Decadent. My date had the Pork Chop which was cooked to perfection. To state that the food is fresh is a blatant understatement.  You can literally taste every ingredient - it's unreal. The drinks, to boot, are the usual pre-prohibition style amalgamations. Best to challenge your server with questions about them... as they are all unique (outside the Sazerac I didn't recognize too many). They offer a Blue Bottle cocktail which is similar to a White Russian in the sense it has vodka and is served cold. I think that was the shining moment for my date, that first sip knocked him over!But again, the service was superb. Ninja, Gary Danko style (if you've been to Gary Danko, you get it). The manager was on top of her game.Really enjoyed ourselves... thanks NOPA!
Do not go to NOPA with a group of six drunkards, 15 minutes before close on a Friday night, and order four appetizers and four entrees and two bottles of uber expensive wine.Because this is a nice restaurant. They have good food. Really (though it's highly vegan-unfriendly). They have a superb wine list. They have an experienced wait staff, and a very lovely rehabilitated facility and chill ambiance.People come here for nice meals. Romantic dates. They don't come here to scarf late-night food and slam wine and harass the servers. They USE SILVERWARE HERE WHEN EATING THEIR STEAK.If God put in time in the restaurant business, I'm most definitely going to hell.
4 and a half stars. a little noisy and the food is simple, but has so much flavor. staff is friendly and food comes out fairly quickly.everything we ordered was delicious and i would def come back..parking is a little hard.the fried brussel sprouts with a hint of parmesan cheese. the bacon and squash flat bread-my favorite..their flat beard does live up to their hype. i can just eat this all daythe grass fed burger with friesthe pork chopsthe broccoli-another favorite of mineyummy!!!!!!!!
One of those busy, trendy-ish type spots. My friend and I were scoping out all the cougars at the bustling bar. But the food and drink are good. Hound the people with the barstools for a faster seat and then order away!Fried little fish as an appetizer are yummy, and there are a lot of of small dishes to choose from and share. Satisfying and simple food; nothing extravagant or too out of left field. Portions are kinda small but it's good quality food and worth checking out.
If we lived closer, I would be here at least once a week. The giant white beans with tomato, feta and breadcrumbs were so simple and so great. I would skip the fried asparagus (sounded interesting but it is, ultimately, just fried asparagus) but everything from the wine to the halibut to the flatbread was incredible.
Ok, these guys need another review like I need another hole in my head, but hey, I love this place. I'm a wanderer and I have a tendency to take BART to Civic Center and walk up through Golden Gate Park and back to the Civic Center. These urban walks often take me through NOPA where I invariably realize that I haven't eaten all day and I'm starving. This is not the place to show up without a reservation, but if you're stealthy (like me) you can get a seat at the bar and have a very rewarding meal. I've even talked friends down from their hillside homes to join me, only on the valor of the food this place dispenses. Once seated, you're offered an awesome wine list, eclectic, affordable, and usually very imported. This is not for your Napa crowd (but let's face it those dinosaurs days are dwindling). It's all about new experiences and better living through vinous intervention. The staff knows their shit. The kitchen is open, fresh, and clean. The food, delightful and they always bring you an Amuse Gueule or Bouche depending if your as crass as I am, or more polite like the rest of the population. I've had many of the appetizers, small plates, as well as the Hamburger. I like everything. So order away. You probably won't go wrong. I'm a wino, so I don't do the hard stuff, but I watched them pour and was offered a few sips of various concoctions and can say that if you're into the mixology, you'll like their mixed drinks. The crowd is professional, eclectic, but not stuffy. Everyone is usually jocking for a table or seat at the bar, but they're also very polite and convivial. In a pinch, it's always a good stop. Enjoy.
Dear Nopa, Your plain decor and not so caring hostess were what I noticed first. But I had done my homework so I was not going to be so easily turned away at 6:30 on a Sunday night. No room for one at the communal table...I prefer the bar anyway. I drifted over to the area behind the bar to see if anyone was even close to leaving. No such luck. I was pondering the situation for only moments when one of your handsome bartenders smiled and offered me a drink menu. Not one but 3 good looking men behind the bar all busy mixing and pouring but each one had time to smile and chat with the customers . I had a beer in my hand before i could even doubt my chances of a seat for a second time. Soon a chair opened up and Morgan was quick to introduce himself with a smile, a plate of bread and the silly amuse bouche that consisted of one bite size slice of persimmon with coarse salt. I ordered the roasted butternut squash salad and the Morracan Tagine. Next thing you know an avocado salad was placed before me with a wink and a smile. Oh my it was delicious! Next , I had the salad that I had ordered which was the roasted butternut squash with ricotta and arugula. Also quite tasty! My tagine was a vegetable stew with roasted carrots, potatoes, broccoli, and sour cream. It could have been spicier. Not sure that I would order it again but I have to go back soon because I was much too full to try any desserts! Kudos to the friendly bartenders! They were very busy but continued to engage the customers sitting and standing with warmth and kindness!
AWESOME restaurant. First, the kitchen of the restaurant is not separated from the dining room. The powerful aromas from the kitchen circulate around the dining areas which was an appetizer in itself! Our reso was at 8:30pm on a Sunday night and the restaurant was SUPER packed. Once we tasted the food, we knew why. We ordered the mussels (7/10), short ribs (8/10), and lamb chops (8.5/10). Service (7/10) - The service was average. The bar was an area on it's own, so when we ordered drink at the table it took FOREVER.Our overall impression of the restaurant was that the food and ambiance is what makes this restaurant so popular. Great place for a 1 year anniversary dinner! ;)
We enjoyed our food, but the service was truly abysmal.I had the duck which came with lentils and sauteed greens (tasty but a little too salty), and two of my party had the rotisserie chicken, which was extremely tender and also a HUGE portion. I didn't try the pork chop, but reports were that it was great. I really liked the lemonade I ordered. It was not too sweet, and so sour that I was actually sweating a bit hehe.Our issues with service started when we ordered the fries with tomato feta dip as an appetizer, but apparently it's a side (though not listed as such on the menu), and our server forgot to either put in the order or bring it out before our entrees. The fries actually didn't come until 20 minutes AFTER we'd all received our entrees. Our server gave us attitude about the fries, too, though she does get some credit for taking it off the tab.They also charge for refills on soda, which is lame. Everyone's complaints about the noise are valid, as it is extremely loud in the restaurant. I liked sitting upstairs, though. More of a cozy feel.We lucked out on parking on the street less than a block away. Not sure if I'd be back, especially given the price tag.
The booze is AMAZING. The food's okay..
The world gets smaller by the second..... While 3000 Miles from home in a great town such as San Francisco and I got to attend cocktails and appetizers with some friends at Nopa. Low and be hold I sit next to a guy I went to high school with 10 years ago and lost touch. It was really a strange event. Now do not let my review give you the impression that you will find old classmates at Nopa but you never know..... Okay the review the communal long table is a perfect place to get a drink and a few appetizers with good friends. We were there on a Sat night and it was packed. The drink and wine selection was great but I did catch a small hint of tude (from a patron NOT staff) when I tried to order drinks at the bar and unfortunately had to reach over someone to pay and get the drinks.  But the food was great! The vibe was great! Over all a great place just plan on it being busy on the weekends.
I have held off since it has opened. Why? Because this is my hood for the past 10 years and I should be able to walk into my neighborhood place and grab a bite. Every time I tried a walk it was at least an hour and a half wait. Lame and late, im out. I just found it odd that it would take two weeks for me to get a reservation 4 blocks away from me.NOW, now I get it. This is not neighborhood spot for locals. This is a destination restaurant. I loved everything. I loved my cocktail, the wine list was awesome. I had the pappardelle pasta with meat sauce. Outstanding. My better half had the duck breast with barley. I loved it, not the best duck I have ever had but pretty dam good (the best will always be reserved for a dinner I had in a cave at Stags Leap winery. I will for every chase)Well as I said, I loved the place and will go again, and I guess I will make a reservation like everyone else I just get to walk over, unlike the 4 top sitting next to me that kept discussing how hard it was to park.Not cheap but worth it.
I was up really late last night (uhhh, this morning) and spent a lot of today drinking sangria (see Jovina review) so I'm very tired. So, this may be one of my shortest reviews... which I'm sure is welcome given my tendency to ramble.Best pork chops I've ever had. Amazing. HUGE portions. Service was great as was the atmosphere.Will be back... soon.
Clearly the place to be. Mr. Nish Nadaraja himself holds this place in very high esteem (and apparently lives around the corner), so when I was informed by my date, the SF Elite's own Jamie M, that we would be eating here, I knew I was in for something good.Everything about the place says: open. From the high ceilings and low tables to the welcoming curved marble top bar and large communal table in the front, to the open kitchen, the whole place welcomes you in. And apparently everyone feels welcome because the place was packed. We squeezed in at the bar and ordered an appetizer and a glass of wine while we waited for our table. Grilled flatbread with sausage - amazingly crunchy and delicious. A good sign of things to come.Once seated we split a bottle of the "white of the moment" and ordered. I was recommended the chicken as their specialty, so I obliged. It was simply delicious. A crispy roasted crust bursting with flavor and a tender, juicy-but not greasy mass of bird beneath. And speaking of mass of bird, this place clearly doesn't skimp on the portions. Jamie ordered the pork chop, perhaps a tad too rare for his tastes, but what I tasted was quite succulent and flavorful. We topped it off with the pecan tart, which, honestly was nothing to rave about, but I did enjoy the salted caramel ice-cream that came with it. Wonderful, inspired California cuisine and the atmosphere and professionalism to back it up. A perfect end to my week here in San Francisco, and you know what, the date wasn't so bad either ;).
This place never lets me down! Really, I think about Nopa & I feel all warm and fuzzy, a dreamy look comes in my eye, as I'm transported back to one of the many fabulous memories I have here. I can't even count the number of times I've patroned this establishment (conveniently located 3 blocks from my place), and I just have a fantastic experience each time. (OK, so there was the one time my friend & I ordered dirty martinis which ended up being sweet, and we had to work at convincing the bartender something had gone awry with the olive juice. In the end, we made our case & there was no harm done.)The staff is knowledgable, the food is delicious (I have yet to even order one of their main dishes, as the small plates always grab my attention first!), the drinks are super tasty, the crowd is fun & lively, and the communal table is always an adventure! You never know what interesting characters you'll end up meeting!
I really enjoyed the interior and vibe of the restaurant. We sat upstairs and had a great view of the bar (boy! some of those cocktails looked very inviting!).Food was very good. We shared the flatbreads for an appetizer. Soup. salads and burger for the main course were very tasty.Our food server could have been a little friendlier (my wife felt like were annoying the server), perhaps she was having a bad day? Besides for that it was a great experience. I would definitely go back.
NOPA is pretty much my favorite place in the city to grab a yummy bite and slurp down a delicious cocktail. I've been going to the restaurant pretty much since it opened and it has never disappointed. The people that work there are SO lovely - always super nice, attentive and just plain cool.Their menu doesn't change too much, but that doesn't bother me because it's all so good! For starters I recommend the flat bread pizza (this changes with the season), lamb riblets (they haven't been on the menu for a some time tho:(), and the little gems salad. As for the entrees, I'm in LOVE with the roasted chicken and pork chop - both are so juicy and the portions are huge! One day I'm going to try the burger because I hear that it's phenomenal. The drinks never fail to delight. I usually start with the wash house or aviation, and then explore the other tasty offerings. They have a seasonal spirit that they feature specialty cocktails with that are absolutely divine. Whenever people come to visit me, or on a random weekday night, NOPA is always at the top of my list.
Awesome. Consistently.
Made my much anticipated first visit to NOPA last night. I'd have to say that my girlfriends and I had a very lovely dinner, but it was not the five-star experience that I had been hoping for. We started with the flat bread, little gems salad, and mussels. The first two were great, the mussels were so-so. All the entrees we had were delicious; I had the homemade pappardelle pasta with a bolognese sauce - very good. I'd also recommend the dishes my friends had (hamburger, chicken, fish). For me, the most memorable qualities were the ambiance (very rustic, but still classy) and the wine and sommelier. We picked some pretty share bets off the wine list, but the sommelier was good about confirming our choice without injecting his opinion. I'd say that the servers were great too; very attentive, but didn't hoover.
The best burger I've ever had in my life. Grass fed beef, tender, juicy, melts in your mouth, perfect buttery, not too much breading soft bun. doesn't even need cheese (which I got - yummy greyere), bacon, or condiments. mmmm. I will be back for this one, and I am not even a regular beef eater. This is my new go-to place to cheat with meat. The service was perfect. Wine, beer, and martini delicious. Wait was an hour on Saturday night, but host offered to call me when the table was ready. We went a block to Madrone, and 45 minutes later he called and our table was ready. Classy.
Of all the restaurants in San Francisco, Nopa is my favorite, and I always find myself going back for dinner, drinks, friends, late-night, what have you. They're just always consistent in the quality of food and drinks they serve, so it's understandable why this place has become the favorite of many (and why the restaurant is consistently packed). Though their menu always offers the same basic dishes (roast chicken, pork tenderloin, veggie tagine, baked pasta, flatbread, etc.), I love that they seasonally change up the ingredients with which they cook and prepare the standard dishes. No matter the season, they always sound and taste scrumptious. The changes are always so perfect and well-timed, it doesn't make you wish you had something else from a previous menu.The drink menu also changes seasonally, but I really wish it didn't. The Wash House is my absolute favorite cocktail IN THE WORLD, and it's only available in the summer, when basil is in season. It's like a basil martini, and it's the best thing ever invented. It is very slightly sweetened, and the freshness of basil and thyme makes you forget you're drinking alcohol, making it that much more easy and enjoyable to "wash" a few down.The waiters are very cool and make you feel as if you're a part of the "cool crowd". They don't shower you with awkward niceness, but they pay attention to you when you need it, and leave you alone when you don't. Best combination ever.
This was my 7th or 8th time to NOPA. I am simply more and more impressed with this Institution.  We walked in at 12:45 mid-night on Saturday. The downstairs dinning area was still as vibrant as it could be. The hostess welcomed us, warm and friendly. While no reservation needed at this hour (a huge bonus), we were lucky that a table just opened up as we walked in. It reminded me of New York - the city that never sleeps.  As soon as we were seated, our server politely informed us that our drink orders have to be in soon because they can't pour anymore alcohol after 1 p.m.  We had exactly 2 minutes to decide.  I respect businesses that respect this kind of policy.   Granted it was our 2nd dinner and 4th spot for the night, NOPA was a good way to wind down the evening. No loud bar music that you have to shout to have a conversation. No obnoxious wait staff that you have to flag down just to get a drink. And as we chowed down some fries, calamari, and fried fish so that we wouldn't have to go to sleep with just alcohol in the system, I was impressed that the quality of food at this hour was just as good as any other time... (it's really a hit or miss at some other places where you can't help but to suspect that you are getting left-overs.) Hats-off to the kitchen - you know those folks had been standing on their feet since the late afternoon. Oh, and while we were there, my friend and her husband could not resist the famous burger. I was just shocked how people can eat like that and still stay in pretty good-looking shape.I've been saving my 100th Yelp review for an establishment that's worthy of it. And the honor goes to... [drum rolls please]... NOPA!!!
Why do I like NOPA? ...because it's open LATE!! Okay, so that's not the only reason, but it's definitely one of the top few. NOPA serves dinner until 1am every night of the week! The only other place I can think of with those kinds of hours (atleast every day) is the original Osha in the Tenderloin, but of course, NOPA is a step or two above (atleast in terms of atmosphere). We came here for late light dinner and some drinks... Here's what we ordered.Asparagus Soup, Spinach and Parmesan ($8) - I wanted to order the asparagus soup because it seems to be a current trend on menus at the moment... that's 3 menus I've seen it on in 2 days!! Can you believe it? I only ordered 2 of them though...this one, of course, and the one from Foreign Cinema. If I had to choose one, I'd actually prefer the soup from NOPA. It seemed a little less "classy" as it didn't have the same silky smoothness or the fancy touch of creme fraiche like the version at Foreign Cinema, but I liked the slightly thicker consistency, as well as the overall flavor better. Penn Cove Mussels, Braised Fennel, Saffron and Aioli ($10) - While the mussels didn't blow me away, they were definitely good enough to satisfy my mussel craving. I personally could've done without the braised fennel, but I didn't exactly mind it being there either. Something I did mind though... the gigantic slop of aioli on the toasted bread the mussels were served with... it was more than a bit excessive and I basically just ended up scraping it all off. I even had a brief, but jarring flashback back to childhood of when my mom would make me sandwiches for lunch, and I'd bite into them only to encounter a huge glob of mayo which my mother neglected to spread. yum.Little Gem Lettuces, Mezzo Secco and Creamy Herb Vinaigrette ($9) - No complaints here... this salad is simple, and delicious. Btw, Mezzo Secco is a partially dry monterey jack cheese, in case you are wondering.
Love love love this place!!!!Thought I had already Yelped it and to my suprise I hadnt. So what do I love.....I love that as I sink my teeth into the most amazing pork chop ever I feel like I am devouring a tender piece of filet rather then the "the other white meat". I love love their flat bread and love that they are always changing its ingredients. I love the pre-appetizer nibbler but dont love that I cant order more of it. The french fries with dipping sauce-the best! Their burger-HALLO it rivals that of Balboa and Barneys. I have not experienced a meal yet there that I havent left blissfully happy about.Piece of advide-make a resi and save the embarrassment of you rolling in at 8pm on Friday for a tble for two and the hostesses rolls their eyes and tell you they can "maybe" seat you by 1130pm.
I went to NOPA on a Tuesday night at 9pm.  I am not a fan of waiting and have tried and failed to eat there twice before.  This night, however, I was determined.  For being in the midst of a recession, I was amazed at how packed it was. The front table was full.  The bar was packed two deep.  The strange thing was that there were a lot of empty tables - four tops and six tops. I don't think the front of the house was moving people too quickly and kind of enjoyed telling me it was going to be 45 minutes before we could get a seat. It didn't turn out to be such a long wait - only about 25 mins.  Given that my friend was late, it wasn't a problem that reading news on my iPhone couldn't solve.  The crowd was good looking and the people watching was fun. We sat upstairs, which is not as pretty but is quiet and easy to talk, since I am kind of deaf.  Of course, the food was solid. In particular, the goat cheese and beets is quite fun because its a make your own kind of thing and that combo is a never miss.  The lamb had a bit too much liquid and it sort of congealed at the bottom of the plate.  The mussels were infused with flavor. One issue is that there aren't a ton of good places to go for a drink after dinner around there - at least not places I know. So, we just stayed there and drank at the bar. All in all, it was a good night.
I finally made it over to NOPA. If it's always as crowded as it was thursday night there's a good chance that everyone else in San Francisco has already been there three or four times now. You may have heard me rant about the abbreviation NOPA and how the neighborhood has been repackaged and sanitized and how it's not really even north of the panhandle anyway, and I want to clarify that I'm not bitching about NOPA the restaurant. The neighborhood has been missing a nice mid-scale dining spot for a while now. I approve of the decor, for the most part; the lighting is about right, it feels nice but you're not afraid to touch things, and the space is airy. You'd never know that this building used go house a run down laundromat. I should mention that while the dishrag napkins create a homey feel that contrasts nicely with everything else, my companion reports that they tend to pill and leave littte white strands of cotton on black clothing.The crowd is atypical for the neighborhood. They can be rather inconsiderate sometimes.The service is on point though, especially considering how busy they are. Ask for two glasses of water and they leave a carafe at your table; you'll have as much water as you need throughout dinner, leaving the servers free for more important work. More restaurants ought to do this. Our orders were taken and the food and check were delivered promptly. The elderflower vodka gimlets don't taste like vodka gimlets elsewhere, presumably because 1.) the lime juice is squeezed and sweetened in front of you rather than coming from a bottle of Rose's, and 2.) It has syrup from something called elderflower in it. A quick google search tells us that elderflower is a mild astringent and anti-inflammatory, and there's some hippie wiccan womens festival in Mendocino named after it. In fact, in the last twenty minutes I've learned more interesting facts about the elder plant and its flowers than I ever thought I would know, but most of it isn't terribly relevant. All you need to know right now is that elderflower makes vodka gimlets taste kind of funny.The kitchen at NOPA turns out some excellent salmon, and they it on a bed of what must be the first lentils I've ever really liked. In the past I've hated and mildly disliked and found lentils tolerable, but I've never really enjoyed them until now; They're cooking them in chicken broth with vegetables (as far as I can tell) until they're just slightly firm. The broccoli on the side is great too. However, the cauliflower soup could use more seasoning and the garden salad could use less dressing. Make a reservation and don't wear black clothing is the best advice I can give you. And tip well, the wait staff deserves it.
reservations: Make reservations or come REALLY early and hope for the best!food recommendations: flat bread, pork tenderloin and the burger!dessert: SOPAPILLAS and Blue bottle coffee!!!A great place to have a GNO or a spot to impress a date.
Late-night dining is alive and well and living in San Francisco, and its address is NOPA.Cool space, great energy, and all of the confidence of a restaurant that knows that it's doing something right.Arrived on a Friday night around 10:30 and enjoyed a great meal of flatbread, sardines (excellent), and duck (cooked perfectly). Service was very smooth and timed perfectly. We were 5 in our party, and even though we were seated in a middle table, which I usually hate, it still felt reasonably cosy and intimate. I didn't think the noise level was above normal for hosting such a large amount of people. Looking forward to many return visits - after 10, natch.
We were seated right away on a Thursday night. The table was on the upper level in an out of the way spot, which was nice because the main floor seemed busy and slightly chaotic with a small army of wait-staff whisking about. Our table also had a bird's eye view of the kitchen, which I find reassuring somehow. And it is fun to see them preparing the small chickens and other delights.And the food was indeed delightful. For an appetizer we got the duck flatbread, which was like a small delicious pizza. This was the first and only time I have ever really appreciated duck, which is often a fatty stringy disaster (think: bad Chinese restaurant duck and you will understand my duck trauma). But the food just got better from there. For mains we shared the pork chop and the lamb pasta. Both were smashing. the pasta was excellent and quite unusual- a cheesy casserole type dish with delicious pieces of lamb, definite comfort food. The pork chop, however, was amazing. This is not the dried out Christmas dinner pork chop your Grandmother made (am I alone here?). This was succulent, moist and flavorful- best dish of the night.My only criticism is the beer menu, which doesn't come close to the comprehensiveness of the wine choices. There were two beers on tap- some type of witbier and the Magnolia ESB both respectable if unspectacular choices. They can do better. But other than this, the place is exquisite!
NOPA. All I can say is wow. Everyone, do yourselves a favor and try this place out. The food is top notch, the service impeccable, and the wine list is phenomenal. Make sure you make a reservation at least a week in advance. If not, go late at night, around 10 or 11 (they are open until 2am) and the wait should be 30 minutes or less. Go to the bar and have a few of their awesome cocktails. This place is a no brainer 5 stars, with 3 star prices. Goat cheese app and the pork chop are both out of this world!
A little too "comfort foody" for my taste. From the outside, this place looks trendy and expensive, but still inviting. It's great that there's an upscale business in the neighborhood, and it's always pretty packed. So true that it's not in "NoPa" at all! I came here for the first time when my parents visited town. We had a table upstairs, overlooking the kitchen. That was pretty cool, and we were very distracted from our conversation by our urge to peer down and watch them prepare food.  I ordered an appetizer of large white beans baked in a dish with a tomatoey sauce and breadcrumb topping.  None of the flavors were particularly original, though I've never seen such crazy huge beans. I hadn't been expecting such a heavy starter, but I was starving, so I finished most of it, and didn't have much appetite left for my entree. oops. It was akin to eating a bowl of vegetarian chili before dinner.The entree I chose was a mix of seasonal vegetables baked in the oven, with a tomatoey sauce. It was waaaaay too similar to the first course that I had overly indulged in. As soon as it came I felt full and bored. And I usually never have a problem finding an appetite! My dad was pretty blown away by the pork chop - very juicy and tender. Not enough to save my opinion of the place, but worth mentioning.  It's been a little while since I ate there so the menu has probably changed a bit, which is fine since I don't even remember what my mom got - usually I'm on top of that stuff, but it just didn't grab me. The bar looks fun and the communal table is a cute idea. This place has a pretty good atmosphere and the food is decent, but not worth the price. It would probably be great for drinks and appetizers.
I'm currently dreaming of Nopa and their top notch pork chop. Why? Because it's fking amazing. Yes the use of an expletive is totally necessary. First, Nopa has proved to be consistently amazing especially with their diverse menu that changes daily. They pay careful attention to local produce and what is in season which makes such a difference. There is nothing worse than a bland tomato topped on a salad in the dead of winter. I can't imagine how challenging it must be to change a menu daily and have to think about perfect pairings while keeping in mind what is fresh and bountiful. But NOPA pulls it off every time. My family goes there on any special occasion (which seem to be increasing more as an excuse to go there). It does help that we know the owner/chef but that never interferes with the integrity of the restaurant/quality of the food. OK, I went off a bit, I digress, back to my points as that was my first. Second, I don't generally even like porkchops-I find them dry and bland and less than thrilling most of the time and I don't usually work up a craving for one. But, I like the pork chop at NOPA, no, I LOVE the pork chop, I dream about this pork chop and am currently drooling a bit thinking about how juicy and tender it is. The first time I went to here I didn't eat red meat or pork so I settled on the seafood stew which of course was delicious, as is everything there. YOu seriously cannot go wrong. But once I transformed into a meat eater and now a self-proclaimed carnivore, I don't think anything can satisfy me as much as the country pork chop. So please, do yourself a favor and take the time and money and get to NOPA. Until I can get back myself I will live vicariously through all those who heed my advice
NOPA - What can I say that hasn't already been said? It's all true. Living in NYC you get spoiled for restaurants. A shock to me when I moved here was how many places had menus that sounded fantastic but the flavors didn't work together. NOPA is the antithesis of these places. Very bold but simple ingredient combos that work together magically. Reminded me a little bit of Chez Panisse in that sense.Wilted Chicories salad was fantastic. I loved it. A true "foodie" at the table didn't like the chicories in it but without them it would have been just a traditional (but perfectly prepared) frisee/egg/bacon salad. Flatbreads were good - looked like little pizzas which was interesting because your brain was expecting one flavor and in actuality it was very different. Calamari was good. Didn't sample the goat cheese & beet salad, but the others at the table loved it.For dinner we had the duck breast, Moroccan vegetables, and the Black Cod. Everything was fantastic.The wine list was mostly foreign to me so with some help settled on the Croker & Starr cabernet franc which was indescribably good.Another note on the wine, they take it really seriously here. Upon presentation I felt the bottle and it was properly chilled. Happy, I mentioned to my friends that my pet peeve is when high end restaurants serve red wine at room temperature, to which the person serving the wine (not sure if he was a sommelier or a random server) chimed in, "that's my pet peeve, too". They also decant it for you. Thought it was more of a cosmetic touch because I assumed an '05 wouldn't benefit much from decanting, but we could all definitely taste a difference over time.Service was great, lots of energy in the room, nice dcor: basically they do a really good job with everything.
Yeah, it's cool, and hip, and trendy, and all that. So what?The mixed drinks are good, and they have an excellent wine list, with many selections available by the glass.Food - we had almost everything on the menu (large group) and I think the porkchop and fish stew got the biggest raves.For dessert, the "donut holes" rock, and the chocolate ice cream was really good too.Service was excellent, though the waiter went on about how everything was "delicious" (as in, the pork chop is a delicious cut of meat, served with delicious blablaba...)I was pleasantly surprised at a $60pp tab for the meal, including a couple of bottles of wine.Bottom line - definitely recommended.
WE OPEN ON A SATURDAY NIGHT NORTH OF THE PANHANDLE IN SAN FRANCISCO AS A MAN BEGINS HIS YELP* REVIEWDTM: What to do? I had just finished interviewing West Indian Girl at the Independent for my "Just Another Menace Sunday" radio show (Sundays at 4 on KUSF!) and they weren't going on for two hours.I KNOW! Head for Nopa on a SATURDAY NIGHT and see if I can get in! Loco in Da Brain? Perhaps. Yes I did flirt with the hostess and tell her that I didn't want to have a burger at the friendly but not worthy of that much time cafe across the street. And I can be very charming and convincing. At first, they didn't think they could make it happen and then magicallyyyyyyyyyyy THE SCENE GOES BLURRY, AS WE TRAVEL FORWARD IN TIME A WHOLE TEN MINUTES OR SO.DTM: Ten minutes later I am sitting at the small bar that they reserve for "friends and regulars" in the back going ga ga over my salad, and my duck (which I've had about three times in my life) and the sides and my dessert. I am talking up a storm with the guy who keeps the orders going out of the kitchen and the woman next to me who was with her friends but as it turned out was in the media biz too.I had a similar posItive experience when I went with my friend (she used to do her laundry in that building in its former life). The service was good, the food quite wonderful and the service just right. It's easy to put NOPA down as yet another trend - and yet they get the 5 stars alone for giving a table to a hungry boy who had time on his hands and surely was the best fed person at the Independent at the pretty darn incredible West Indian Girl show that night! :) CREDITS ROLL. AND SOMETIMES BAGEL.
I've only been to this restaurant three times but every experience is exactly what you want from dinner out in San Francisco - casual, perky, delicious and atmospheric. Haven't tried it on a date (yet!) but I can't recommend a better spot for a meal with a girlfriend or two.
This place is all about the appetizers. The flat breads are amazing as well as the warm goat cheese. But the food was just alright. I got the pork chops because of all the positive reviews but they were just ok, Ive had better, it was a little dry for my taste. But overall it was a very nice dining experience and I would like to go back just for the appetizers.
Kent, Kent, Kent! The meister mixologist entertained us and made the dinner just that much better. With no resi we were left to lingering behind a few folks wrapping up at the bar. Bingo! we got the primo spot. Kent helped us find a wine that we were happy with. We each loved our dinner: halibut with a succotash topping and one of the best pork chops we've ever tasted. Totally out of the ordinary, we ordered dessert. The cobbler with a weird smoked ice cream. Sooo good. Then Kent hooked us up with an espresso martini. The service was tops, great attention to detail. So classy with the brown theme attire. Very stylish. Minus one star for all the weird waiting and lingering for the communal table and bar area. Making a resi for next weekend!
I can't even eat burgers anywhere else now, for crying out loud! Get one medium-rare with cheddar and bacon, and you're in heaven.  No place this good is open this late. Great menu, staff, design -- the works! The broccoli dish is also the best I've ever had. My brother is a foodie in Boston, and he said the halibut here was better than anything he'd ever had on the east coast.Chef Laurence Jossel is a fucking genius!
I went there just for a drink, so I can't give an complete opinion.For what I saw the place looked great in the design, in their wine list and next time I'll definitely try the food!
Two Words...Pork Chops
All-in-all, it was ok. I had very high expectations for Nopa because making a reservation was so difficult and it has good reviews. However, my Cod & Clams were extremely fishy tasting (so much so that I only ate 1/3 of the meal...and I usually love Cod), the Celery Root soup was decent but bland, and my Ginger Cake for dessert (which the waitress recommended) was nothing special. It also seemed overpriced--$245 for 4 people with cocktails/wine, appetizers, entrees, and dessert.With that said, the other people I went with loved their meals, so maybe I just didn't choose right. Great Bread Pudding, Pork Chop, and cocktails. And both the service and ambiance were great.
Nopa describes itself as "a San Francisco gathering place north of the Panhandle, serving urban rustic food and specializing in organic wood-fired cuisine." I describe it as delicious, with amazing cocktails and a hip clientele. (And by hip, I mean hot.)I hit Nopa with my BFF Quinnie. She's wanted to check it out for a while now, but the numerous hints to her boyfriend went unnoticed and, as is often the case, she decided to take matters into her own hands and go there with me. She got us a 9:45 pm reservation, with the idea that we would go early for some cocktails.The bar was packed (see above-mentioned hip/hot clientele) but the bartenders were great. Responsive and informative. Apparently, Nopa chooses a different spirit to highlight each month or so, and creates signature cocktails to highlight the spotlight ingredient. This month - RUM. I had one rumtastic cocktail, but didn't stick with it.Round one: I enjoyed a Rum Sidecar (scarlet ibis rum, rhum orange, lemon and a sugared rim). Quinnie was on a color theme and started with the ominously named Death at Dusk (crme de violette, absinthe and cava). As black-licorice flavored things aren't really my bag, I didn't like that one. But the color! Gorgeous.The table wasn't ready, and we secured a spot at the end of the bar. There's an open kitchen at Nopa, which I always find ballsy. In any case, it makes for good entertainment, in addition to the people-watching.Round two: Hopping on the elderflower craze that is sweeping...Sacramento, er, Northern California (???) I ordered the Elderflower Gimlet (vodka, elderflower syrup, lime juice). A gimlet is my kind of drink; something that an old man might order. I loved it. The flavor of the elderflower reminded me of lychee. Quinnie switched to a green palette and had The Last Word (green chartreuse, gin, maraschino, lime juice). Odd.Near the end of cocktail round two, our table became available. Food was a good idea at that point. We went for a variety of small plates to share, and a bottle of wine that we didn't really need. Highlights of the small plates included:* Cauliflower soup with preserved Meyer lemon and thyme * Shaved asparagus with house smoked bacon and poached egg * A delicious flatbread that I don't recall the details of....Overall, a lovely experience. Stylish yet casual environment, great cocktails, attentive service and good food. I can't wait to go back!
Not sure what this voice can bring to over 1,000 reviews, but the food - given the price and expectations, which are so hard to divorce from the food! - deserved just a couple of those stars, with decor, ambiance, building, late opening hours carrying the weight of another one.We ordered three appetizers and one main dish - seemed like the best way to go, considering the choice of mains was much less interesting or exciting than appetizers. The appetizers - warm goat cheese with crostini, sardines and squash faro soup - were quite solid and interesting. We noticed that soup was surprisingly close to what we had at SPQR some weeks ago, and sardines were excellent.But the impression was completely spoiled by the main course - lamb. The waiter warned us that it's cooked medium rare, but who are we to double-guess chef's choice - sure, bring it on. It was simply inedible. I am no stranger to rare meat - shabu-shabu is one example - but this was lamb, impossible to chew or swallow, not at all flavorful, just a failure. Vegetables presentation and quality was great, so most of the meat just remained on the otherwise cleaned up plate.
We had a 10:15 PM reservation for two, and had to wait 30 minutes to be seated. There was another empty table available, but that went to someone who got there way after us with a 10:30 reservation. The explanation by the hostess: "Well, they requested for a booth, and they made their reservation several days a go, and we just noticed that you made yours today" WOW! So, I'm not as good of a customer because I made my reservation last minute and my table goes to someone else! Most ridiculous thing I've heard from a hostess. The food was good. The pork chop very tasty, but It's also extremely fatty. The fish dish was good, but overcooked.
On April 21, I had dinner and drinks at the bar: Marsanne-Rossanne for her and Sancerre; I had Sazeracs. At first, the bartender, soon to attend law school, quiet, gentle flawless maker of cocktails, as if a scientist, gave us snap peas with sea salt and something like an aioli or soft cheese, which was alive and delicate, fresh and made me happy. We had marinated olives, which were warm and ever so sophisticated in terms of acid and seasoning. I shared them with Chuck, a friend we ended up chatting with, who sat next to us. We were in a lively conversation. It was very fun. We had Baked Goat Cheese, pickled Beets, Frisee and crostini, the goat cheese was fresh and as if it had just come from the farm. Then wood baked Northern Halibut, with romesco broth, potatoes and artichokes and grilled new york strip, mushrooms, english peas and horseradish cream fraiche. We finished with a butterscotch icebox tart with roasted strawberry and meringue tuile. She had an '84 port, which was one of the best I've had, tawny, smokey, sherry-like. The Bartender gave us a taste of digestives at the finish and in general he was always there, commented when we asked him, generous as a person, who is giving of himself as an employee and as a genuine human being, who will make a fine attorney. I listened as another bartender explained to, who my friend said was, Matt Gonzales and his father or gentleman, who was having his 90th birthday as they drank Single Malts from a tall black bottle that was described by the bartender as having heather, honey, and a plethora of rock descriptions, which were like poetry. The bartender apparently has a wife and daughter, my guest said and "They all are knowledgable and good people," she said. Over all, we arrived at about 5 and left by about 8. I was the first person and by the time we left, it was full, and people were standing behind us. This is a restaurant full of people, who are serious about their jobs, about the food and drinks they make. They are intelligent and personable. I felt like I was with very good friends. I am grateful to have had the privilege to diner there. Thank you Nopa!
Good food, long wait but legit especially late at night
I would go there for good atmopshere and interesting drinks. The food was better a couple years ago. I like that they use organic veggies and sustainable meats/fish.
Very few places can execute on a bar AND a restaurant. It's usually one or the other.Nopa has the distinct honor of being one of the best restaurants in SF without worrying about how many Michelin stars they have or if they're getting write-ups in Food & Wine magazine.The cocktails start you off with so much flavor and happiness that you could almost stop right there. But please don't. The food gets so unbelievably good and the deserts end it all on a high note. Wait staff is extremely knowledgeable, the bar staff is brilliant, and the crowd is usually friendly. Everyone that works there is pretty damned friendly as well. Try an Aviation, a Corpse Reviver, or their great wine list. You can't lose at this place.
My goodness, the food and service were fantastic. Where to start....the porkchop, all the appetizers we tried and the Mezcal cocktails. fantastic. Only downside is it is noisy.....
The service was excellent, but sadly, I was disappointed by the food. We ordered the Flatbread and the Pork Chop, which were highly recommended, but then maybe that got my hopes too high. Also, the Grilled Calamari tasted like it was prepared earlier in the day, sat in the fridge and just brought to the table, but the Aioli was good. For dessert we tried the Sopapillas, which were a nice surprise because they looked ordinary, but had some kind of flavoring I just couldn't figure out. Didn't see anything special about the Warm Caramelized Apples. Loved the restaurant decor!
Throughout my dining experience at NOPA yesterday, I was looking hard for a reason to dock off a star, but I'm telling you, it was too difficult, and therefore, NOPA deserves 5 starts, straight up.With such rave reviews, I thought I was going to be let down SOMEWHERE. But this was one of the best dining experiences I've had in a while, and it doesn't get much better than this.,I think what pleasantly surprised me most was the value. Usually when I see reviews for "$$$" restaurants, I'm unlikely to try it, because the serving sizes feed approximately a mouse and a half, when I usually have an appetite of a tiger. However, all of the dishes were of incredible value.Appetizer: Lamb Sausage Flatbread ($13). I don't even like lamb, but I figured I'd try it since I've heard so much about it. It was delicious.  Came with 8 pieces. It definitely could have been a meal by itself.Main: Pork Chops. I don't even really like pork chops either, but I ordered it for the same reason I got the lamb sausage flat bread. It was Perfectly Done. Epitome of melt-in-your-mouth meat.Dessert: Sopaipillas. ($8). These sopaipillas are not your average fried bread. There's a small hint of citrus in the dough. When they served it to us, the insides were still steaming when we bit into it. The honey butter sauce matched deliciously.I'm definitely coming back.Tip: definitely come early or make a reservation!! But this place is clearly popular for a reason.
Got a friend visiting on business and lucky for me he decided to use the good ol' expense account for this night out. We had a good four years of catching up to do, so the exorbitantly long wait times b/t dishes were only slightly irksome. I got a feeling the free radishes dipped in sea salt and butter were a stall tactic. Thankfully, there's an online menu, so I've decided to include what I recall eating along with the actual dish.My version: Kinda weird, fishy smelling pieces of pepperoni pizza with big leaves of lettuce and radicchio.Epicurean version:Flatbread of Spicy Fennel Sausage, Grilled Spring Onions and GruyereMy version: Super tender, (but a bit salty) leg of meat with little, minty four leaf clover sprouts and some type of bland, mashed potato with bits of pasta.Epicurean version:Braised lamb shank with wild mushroom and Leek Risotto, Grated SerenaMy version: A heaping bowl of perfectly crisped French Fries with a side of garlic cheese sauce.Epicurean version: A heaping bowl of perfectly crisped French Fries with a side of garlic (alioli) cheese sauce.Plus a couple glasses of a suggested substitute for Pinot Grigio, it was acceptable, but don't know what it's formal name was.Overall, the food was good. We had under-the-rafter seating, and were surprisingly able to hold conversation in a normal tone. The tall ceilings along with equally lengthy paired mirrors and windows really lent to an expansive atmosphere. I like the communal washing station outside the four commode only bathrooms, that way you could totally point out and avoid the nasty non-hand washing ppl.Probably wouldn't go back anytime soon unless I was trying to impress a date, or have an expense account of my own.
How lucky am I to live down the block from this fabulous restaurant? I watched the transformation of this space from a baby blue laundromat into the great eating establishment you see today and have been a loyal fan ever since. I can scoot over for drinks at the bar when they open, meet friends there for dinner, drop in for weekend brunch. And no matter what I order -- big or small, starters, bar nibbles or appetizers -- the food is outstanding. They have a wonderfully interesting wine list that always offers me wonderful surprises. The staff are incredibly knowledgable and gracious, and I am always, always impressed by the place. If you're there just for a nibble, I strongly recommend the flat bread -- ingredients change every day -- and the warm olives (to die for). If you' haven't been here yet, don't wait!
great place for a late night bite, dessert, or drink...open SUPER late which is why it gets 4 stars from me...i have had excellent meals here but in my opinion the food is overrated, not that its not good but for all the accolades this place gets i always expect a little more. they are so busy all the time i guess its tough on the consistency which is my main complaint.service is always great and the interior design is my favorite in sf.
Great Dessert, unpretentious wine steward, average meal. I am guessing that good company made this dinner better than it was. We tried the Sausage and Fennel flatbread for an appetizer that was very good. The London Broil and Chicken entrees were solid three star performers and the Halibut looked to be the winner. The restaurant is huge, busy and very noisy. None of these things I disliked, until was were in the midst of a great conversation and a very rude waiter (not our waiter) came and asked us to quiet down - can he not hear the rest of the place? Seriously. I'd love to go bck for dessert. This is the only aspect of the meal that lived up to my smug San Francisco expectations. The honey bread with bacon brittle and the chocolate tort thing were both amazing. No seriously, you need to try them.
youve been warned: finding parking is a total pain. make reservations.that aside, really fun atmosphere. again, modern and young.theres also a half-size second level where its slightly quieter and dont have to worry about competing with bar noise. honestly cant remember the 2 appetizers we ordered.for entrees :alaskan cod, green olives, capers, spinach and lemon potatoesgrilled hanger steak, mushrooms, spring onion, harisathe cod was totally standard white fish with the lemon-caper sauce the steak was pretty standard as well.not bad. just not THAT good.the service was great tho, really nice server. told us his recommendations, and sold us on a couple cocktails.try the cocktails, theyre yummy.*rum sidecar (cross pot still rum, orange-y something, and more rum)*Sazerac (whiskey, st.george absinthe, paychauds bitters)
LOVE this place. The burger is my favorite in the city and they have amazing drinks as well. The menu changes daily so it's always fresh and organic. I haven't been for brunch but heard it's great too.
Not much more to add to all the reviews but I have a great time every time I go to NOPA. It is one of my fav restaurants in SF. Reasons to love it: - Getting the best seats in the house (table for two upstairs where you can see into the kitchen and watch the hustle and bustle back there)- The pork chop and chicken are sooooo delicious! - Handling a group of 10 with style and friendliness even when our numbers kept changing and people arriving much later. Definitely recommendi t!
Instead of getting fried chicken one rainy night in San Francisco, we chose Nopa. Throngs of smartly-dressed quasi-hipsters flanked the hostess desk as we got there. No way we'd get a table any time soon I thought. That said, we were nice, pleasantly goofy and apparently kind enough to be seated in less than 5 minutes of arriving.We were seated centrally next to a table for four that was placed too closely to us. Later in the evening this social distance from the next table proved to work, good conversation with the guys sitting next to us, but in the end also a little too close as the point of social awkwardness, i.e., where each dining party should turn back to their dining companions passed us by.Anyway, the evening started with an amuse bouche of a small piece of toast smeared with goat cheese. It was, as you would expect, a piece of toast with goat cheese. We ordered a warm bowl/plate with olives that, in the end, proved to be too large for two people to eat. We ordered roast chicken and a hamburger with fries.A hamburger you ask? I figured that a place that has confits, fish from exotic oceans and absinthe drinks on their menu would make a mean hamburger. I was right, but what was really surprising was the French Fry dip which was infused with truffle. The hamburger came on a fluffy bun that was oiled just perfectly. The meat good, the dipping sauce made the burger feel earthy, but yet, despite being a burger, it was all very light. Of course, I didn't finish it all.The half-roast chicken was a bit dry in parts, but overall the flavor was rich and there was a finish that is the hallmark of good quality meat. Not too salty, not to dry, balanced nicely. The vegetable mash was an attempt to lighten the overt heaviness of the chicken and worked pretty well. Finally, as the dinner conversation with our neighbors grew more awkward, we ordered desert, Chocolate Covered Churros, which was disappointing. Too much cinnamon and not crispy enough. Nopa is a great place and has good food.Overall, the company was fun and the night a good one with the surprise of the truffle French Fries. One surprise is better than none.
i think i have to come here again for a clearer review. a lot of hype, a lot of wait for a reservation, an even longer line if you walk in. and a lengthy drive if you don't live in sf. then factor in parking!! loved the food, really, but too lazy to drive out here and too impatient to wait to eat.
The food here will ruin many other restaurants for you. Every dish is packed with flavor, sometimes almost too much. But they have a great diverse menu, a very friendly staff, and it's a beautiful restaurant.
What do you do when your mother comes to visit, and you aren't sure what kind of visit its going to be. Are you going to fight the whole weekend? Are you going to have to worry about her being "spendthrift"? You take her somewhere safe. You take her somewhere local, so just in case the evening doesn't work out as planned you can go home. You take her somewhere where the prices are reasonable, the food is awesome, and the service is great. NOPA!!This was my second time here. The first time was back in the early days of NOPA, and it was with a big unruly party, so my experience wasn't typical I'm sure, and not worth writing about. This time it went off without a hitch. The way I knew it was going to be great was when we walked in without a reservation, and they sat us in what i thought had to be the best seats in the house!! The top floor, a two top, overlooking the kitchen. It was great. We spent half the meal analyzing the goings on in the kitchen...oooh! is that our food?? is that it? i wonder what that is!! Look at that guy! Do you think he knows he is balding? The food was fantabulous too. We started off with the crostini, goat cheese and tomato appetizer. Dude...it was a tub of warm goat cheese! Amazing. We then opted to share two entrees. The baked pasta, which they so nicely split for us was piping hot, bacon filled and oozing with cheese. The salmon, served on a succotash mix was served perfectly medium rare, and delicious. Before we got sat I ordered a drink...i cant remember what it was called, but it was vodka, basil and lime juice, and served with a sprig of basil on top, it was perfectly sweet and refreshing.Seeing as though this is just a mere blocks from my house, I hope to make it a somewhat regular haunt...
Seriously - I can't believe the food you can get here late night. Great place, great service, great food. 4 stars for regular dinner time - 10 stars for late night dining option. 3 of us all ordered something different and some apps and everything was "oh my gosh" "tasty" "best lamb" "you have to try this" good.
PRIDE.Not your typical Roy G. Biv pride.My first experience with NOPA was an invigorating blend of creative menu, exceptional ingredients, skillful preparation, and attentive service. A place to dine rather than a place to eat.They do their job well under pressure.Bonus points for their cocktail preparation. Sit at the bar and observe.Highlight of the night.......and I'm not even a dessert guy...The Semifreddo and Ganache.AMAZING.
If I could marry the vegetarian tagine, I would! I love it. Great wines, most of my meals here have been wonderful. The only thing I wouldn't order again is the hamburger; I thought it was too rich. The staff is friendly and work well to accomodate you whether or not you have a reservation. It's a cool scene, good lighting, huge spot, and easy to find parking. I do recommend making reservations though. I've been here with friends as well as my mom. Bonus points from the hostess all the way to bartender and servers, they all are respectful to elders. It warms my heart to see that people still have good manners! Will continue to return.
Hands down the best restaurant in SF right now. Great cocktails, great flatbread and lovely entrees. Most places just have good appetizers and the entrees fall flat. Eat here now. Wait don't. The lines already too long.
Awesome pork chop. Seeing a vegetarian person had given NOPA one star for having too much meat on the menu solidified my affection.
I wanted to try nopa for awhile. I heard a lot of great feedback about it. I walked away feeling like this place is overhyped, a common disappointment in the SFC. As I walked out, I found myself humming Public Enemy's, "Don't believe the hype!" Overall, I thought the service and atmosphere was fantastic. our food was really late coming out of the kitchen and our waiter brought us a complimentary order of fries so we didn't starve. If I judged restaurants on service alone, I would return to nopa in a heartbeat. Unfortunately, there's more to dining out than service...and I'm often willing to forgive poor service for amazing food. But rarely will I forgive poor food for amazing service. i thought the food was a solid three stars. Not 3.25, not 3.5, not 3.1. Just 3.0. What did we eat? Appi: giant white bean dish and little gem saladWaiting for main: complimentary friesMain: fish stew and the spicy sausage pastaDessert: too full
LOVED IT!So, I see that there are over 1000 reviews before me, but I am compelled to write about NOPA regardless. Perhaps it was the good company of friends I was with, or maybe it was the perfect weather outside - my dinner at NOPA last Saturday night was just oh-so-perfect. I enjoyed everything from the french fries fried in rice bran oil, to the creamy corn soup, to the juicy, succulent pork chop w/ grilled summer peaches to the refreshing sorbet.... There is absolutely no doubt in my mind that NOPA is going to be one of those "must visit" restaurants that I will add to my list when friends and family come to the Bay area for a visit.....  Food = quality ingredients, fresh, flavorful, perfectly balanced and very creative.Ambiance = hip, cool, comfortable and love the communal sink for the bathroom.Location = perfect "neighborhood" place, and not too shabby for the "touristy-minded" (just a block from the Painted Ladies)
Date Continued....After Hotel Biron we though we should get some grub to compliment the bottle of wine we just faced. Appetizer was the poached albacore thing. It was bad and we told out waiter exactly that. He offered to get us something else, but we declined. The offer was enough. The warm goat cheese made up for the other dish two times over. We split the burger but we were both so full from the appetizers and wine that we only ate half of it. The burgers was legit, topped off with bacon. The fries were nice and stringy and the dipping sauce blew me away. Feta, olive oil roasted peppers, blended. Booyah. Unfortunately for the second time in a row my date got way too drunk and I had to take her home before we could go out. The table in front is first come first serve. Great for an extremely crowded venue.
Went there at 10pm on a Friday night with a friend. We sat upstairs, which helped with the noise problem, but that's the first thing I need to point out--this place is unbearably loud. I would never take a date here, I had to shout the entire course of my meal because even until we left around 12, the place was packed. I feel like if SF had more quality late-night options, this place might not be as successful as it is. The host was so kind to us, but our waiter was relatively disinterested. We started with a half bottle of white wine that cost about $28, with the cheapest half bottle on the menu being $26. That's fine, but it didn't taste how you might expect a $56 bottle of wine to taste. Oh well. For food we started with the baked cauliflower and the french fries with garlic aioli, both of which were pretty good. The fries tasted like your traditional Belgian fries, which is good, and the portion was large enough for 2 or 3 to share, and I loved the dipping sauce (I love garlic). The cauliflower was good, and I liked the pickled onion (I believe) that was served atop it. For our meal, we had the baked pasta with mushrooms and green beans in a sort of tomato broth. It was good but a bit odd--it was served in a casserole type baking dish, and the flavors were nice but the tomato sauce/broth was so runny and didn't really seem to make sense with the penne pasta. It seemed watered down really. For dessert, we had the chevre cake with blueberries and lemon gelato. I thought the ice cream tasted like it was made with both Lysol and Pinesol, and the cake itself wasn't special. The blueberry topping was good though!So, overall, a fine meal but not great. Other than the wine seeming to be a bit overpriced, the rest of the prices were about what I expected. In the end, the noise, the ambivalent service, and the lackluster meal add up to me probably not returning anytime soon unless I need a "real" meal that late at night again, at which point I'll still probably try Zuni Cafe or A16 or maybe even just go to Home instead.
Great restaurant. The dishes are creative and the flavors distinctive. The cocktail mixologist at the bar are very talented and friendly. The roasted chicken is superb. The wait staff is very friendly and knowledgeable. We usually sit at the bar or a communal table. No dishes have been over salted that we have ever got.
I been wanting to try this resto for the longest time and last night was the night. We arrived around seven and the place was full with an hour wait for a table. So we chilled near the bar, standing since all the bar seats were taken too and one of the bartenders hands my boyfriend and i drink menus which i thought was really nice cause they looked really busy. The bartender recommends the elderflower vodka gimlet which was the BEST vodka gimlet i ever drank plus i love St. Germain which gave it a slight sweetness.Some people leave and we were lucky enough to grab the two seats. As i glance around, i really liked the ambiance. Warm painted walls, tall ceilings and a second floor overlooking the the dinning room, bar and the kitchen which is great for throwing group parties.We order right away cause we were hungry. For apps we ordered the grass fed beef salad with fried capers served rare and the oven roasted calamari with couscous which both surprisingly came out quickly. Good but nothing spectacular.For our mains, i give SIX stars, the best i ever had. I ordered the country pork chop with fingerling potatoes, olive tapenade and baby kale and WOW it was so juicy. I thought i was eating a new york steak. Well seasoned, cooked perfectly and good thickness. As for the boyfriend, he ordered the halibut which was pan-seared over cracked wheat (we thought this was oatmeal which made the dish really interesting) and roasted asparagus. Fish was just a bit overdone but good flavor.As for desserts we ordered the meyer lemon tart and cowgirl creamery "red hawk" which both were good. And to finish off the night i ordered a Blue Bottle espresso martini which just hit the spot cause i Looove Blue Bottle coffee.Great place, good food, great cocktails. We will be back.....
A very trendy place to dine! We got seats thanks to a slower business on Super Bowl Sunday. All staff in this place dressed in brown, a down to the earth feel. Our waiter was very patient to explain the menu and offered suggestions for ordering and sharing the dish.We got the little gem lettuce salad and the white beans. Both were great with a lot of flavors, especially the giant white beans. After waiting for 30 minutes, we got our entree, cannelloni. It was very good! Rich in flavor but not heavy at all. And it's good for sharing so we could reserve room for dessert.For dessert, we had the carnaroli rice pudding, since we missed the Rice Rich in NY. It turned out to be a better than expected choice, especially the sauce.The restroom was a little bit different than that in other places. It was the 2nd instance we saw a public sink, shared by men and women.  You've to just get used to it.
My husband was referred to this place via friends that frequent the bar. He made a reservations and let them know that it was our Anniversary. ATMOSPHERE: snobs, snobs, and more snobs. When we were seated, we literally sat next to this table of 4, shoulder to shoulder.. how unromantic is that? least they could've seated us upstairs or at a nice private table.. but no.. we're elbow to elbow with the table next to us. WHAT MAKES IT EVEN WORSE IS THAT WE WERE SO CLOSE TO THEM WE COULD HEAR THEIR CONVERSATION... THEIR CONVERSATION ABOUT STDs, HIV, SYPHILIS, AND OTHER VDs. All I could do was scream out MMMMMM YUMMMY AS THEY CONTINUED THEIR COVERSATION ABOUT GENITAL WARTS. How rude and inconsiderate of this table of 4 women... This just made this night worse...... and worse.. .WILL NEVER GO BACK HERE. Food: Flat bread with duck - nice portionSalad - nice dressingEntrees: Fish with lentil beans - fresh (although I was letting gas out all night)Pasta - ok. french fries- nothing special.. wish i ordered the vegetables. Dessert: creme brulee -niceService- Lady was nice, but where they put us was thumbs down! b/c of placement and just the whole experience of hearing that type of conversation in a restaurant makes me never to want to go back, even if the food was decent... WILL NOT RETURN.
I'm just gonna put it out there: I'm luckier than most of you because I date an executive chef at a great restaurant. What this essentially means is that I get to go to dinner with someone who will microanalyze and suggest foods as anally retentively as I do. It's basically the coolest shit EV-ER. Now pick your friggin' jaws off the floor because I just admitted to not only DATING someone, but really liking them too. It happens people...it's just more like Halley's Comet.So he took me to NOPA for the first time last night for for a bon voyage prior to leaving for Europe today. It was the perfect evening. We started off with the squid salad, the tuna salad and the baked white beans. Both of us agreed that the baked white beans were lacking just a little extra "something" probably more feta or salt. The squid and the tuna salad were superb though and I would get either again. Moving on to main courses we had the rabbit and the pork chop. GET. THE. PORKCHOP. It is AMAZING! The rabbit is great too but I think everything pales in comparison to the porkchop and my boy ALWAYS gets it (except this time he got the rabbit so we could share). Dessert was the chocolate orange infused cake for me and the strawberries and cream for him. My cake was "meh" and we both agreed it wasn't as moist as it needed to be although the flavor was good. His strawberries and cream took us both back to picking little strawberries in our respective backyards. We washed down the meal with a bottle of Northern Rhone Syrah which was good and finished off with cognacs that were generous pours.So 4 stars for the food, 4 stars for the ambiance and 5 stars for the hot chef that fed me tastes from his plates all evening.UPDATE:So I'm NOT still dating the executive chef BUT I still LOVE NOPA!
I'd like to actually sit down in NOPA some day. I've been in here twice, on weekdays, to be greeted by a 60+ minute wait and no seats at the bar unless you wait forever and stalk someone already sitting there. Or slip them a twenty and bribe them to only give you their seat (maybe I should try that). If they took reservations on Opentable, I'd be so thrilled. RSVP between 2pm and midnight by phone - are you kidding me? Do I need to have a secret access code too? If I did call, I'm positive I'd get voicemail and then have to sit anxiously by my cell phone praying that the NOPA gods call me back and I don't miss the call. . . .Two stars for a bartender who knows how to work a crowded bar and for original, yummy and not too expensive cocktails.
Party of 2 walked in and was seated without a reservation. Of course, it was 10 pm, so I'm sure that had quite a bit to do with it. I love that it's open until 1 am every night. That certainly helped given that my friend and I were driving around the city trying to find somewhere to eat on a Sunday night. The food was exquisite. We ordered the calamari appetizer with came out delicately prepared and tender. I had been expecting it to be to battered and deep fried, but was pleasantly surprised to find that it came in a light sauce instead.My friend ordered the pork chop -- it was huge! Oh my goodness and nothing like I've had before. It was little on the fatty side, but I'm sure that contributed to its savoriness.  I ordered the leg of lamb and it didn't come out on a bone, but cut into thin medium rare pieces. It was delicious. I honestly didn't much care for the gnocchi it was served with, as it was mushy.Dessert was a tasty cake with plump blueberries and fresh lemon verbena ice cream! A nice way to finish off the meal...I would definitely go back and try other courses on the menu! Parking in the area is a bit of a bear though...
so amazing.... but make reservations way in advance. Drinks are delish, food is fantastic, and I love the open kitchen.Bar can get very crowded. loved the dessert cheese plate with the roasted grapes!such friendly service, really cannot wait till I can go back.
I ate dinner at Nopa last night and loved it. I would have liked to rate 4.5 stars.My favorite dishes were the escarole salad (amazing dressing! what is in that stuff!?), and flatbread and the burger.... so delicious. HAVE THE BURGER!Really great service here, super sweet staff and I felt like we were given as much time as we needed which was nice.The only reason I don't give 5 stars are because I felt the acoustics were bad, and because of the lack of space to wait for our table. Will most certainly go back!
Finally got around to going to NOPA, after living within walking distance for the last 7 months, and hearing good things long before that.Despite a packed crowd (on a Sunday night), the hostess squeezed our table of 6 in within about 10 minutes! I started with a salad of calamari, potatoes, grapefruit, surprisingly crunchy chickpeas, and viniagrette. Very good. My porkchop was huge and well-cooked. I still give the nob to the pork chop at Front Porch as the best in the city, but this one is high on my list.Our waitress was PROFUSELY sorry for the table's two duck entrees coming out late.... they weren't even all that late (maybe 5 minutes behind the other dishes). She brought a free plate of fries w/ aioli, at which point I joked to my African-American friend, "She thinks she can satisfy the black guy with french fries and mayonnaise?" Seriously, though... at dessert, we were also treated to a free order of sopapillas. I began to feel bad for the fact the she felt so bad. Upon bringing our bill, there was a salad in her other hand. For a brief moment I thought this was another free dish to make up for the not-so-late duck, and questioned the sequence of the salad coming after dessert... but the salad was intended for another table.All in all, I found the food to be universally good, decent value ($18-25 entrees, but nice portions), and very friendly service. While I would take a date here, I think the atmosphere is more conducive to a group of friends spending a few hours at a nice meal.
Note: There is no seating. I'm not really good at the whole "reservation" thing, so every time I come here, it's a wait. So don't walk up at 7 p.m. if you're hungry and expect to eat anytime soon.However, you can wait for the communal table or a seat at the bar, and it's actually pretty fun because everyone bonds over the fact that they're waiting for a seat. I've met some fun people while standing around for 40 minutes at NOPA. Come with pals, buy a cocktail and make some new friends.The food is pretty good -- a group of us got a bunch of stuff to split, and all the veggie dishes I had were quite tasty (my friend wasn't impressed with his burger -- too raw, despite his "medium" order). The portions ain't huge and they're kinda pricey, so decide if you'd rather have $ or a full belly.Food waits can be a while, but they're pretty good about it. These guys next to me the other night were waiting like 45 minutes for their food, so the waitress gave them some free salads in the meantime. They always offer you a (very) little appetizer when you sit down, and they'll bring you bread if you ask nicely :) I'm a sucker for free food.The cocktails are really where this place rocks. Yes, they're $9, but they're fancy-schmancy elixirs with weird ingredients you've never heard of. It's worth it to get one or two. From what I can tell, their prices for more generic drinks (beer, wine) aren't too bad. I haven't had a bad cocktail there -- it's totally worth the splurge.Go for late-night drinks and grab a seat at the bar, maybe order some fries to split and you'll be fine. Always a fun place to make new friends too!
I really waffled between 3 and 4 stars. I went there on a very special night, though, and that's put NOPA firmly in my memory. That said, I love that NOPA exists in my 'hood because it's open late and is a good, reliable place. However, it also means I go there more than I otherwise would if I had to travel to get to it.The drinks are good, but pricey. The Dark & Stormy is delicious. But $9?!The food is usually good, but pricey. The burger is very good and not too expensive, the fish is usually pretty good, and the apps are hit-or-miss, but usually quite good. The white bean app is among the best on the menu.The ambiance is great. I especially like the big tables in the bar. And I love that it's open late in this otherwise close-early city. Service is usually quite good. I like that they give your table a carafe of water (because I guzzle water).4 people having apps, dinner, and a couple rounds will put you back $250-300
I love that they're open late and have hooks under the tables to hang your bags and belongings. We sat at the bar in front of the kitchen and got to see the attention to detail they paid to every plate - each individual ingredient was intentional. They really like olives here. I'm not complaining, but it was interesting to see that olives were in everything we ordered. They have set a new standard for pork chops, as they were prepared perfectly. And the grilled nectarines were divine. I wish could have just had a bucket of those grilled nectarines. Whatever the free little taster was they brought out with cranberries on toasted baguette was really good too. I enjoyed NOPA and wouldn't mind going back.
3.5 stars...I had my birthday dinner at NOPA. Nopa is a cool atmosphere always packed with people. They serve food till 1AM. They have a fully loaded bar, a communal eating/chill table and a 2ND tier dining balcony. After an Old Cuban, a mojito champagne cocktail, we were seated.We ordered 3 appetizers the spinach salad, the white beans and the flat bread. Everything was just OK, my favorite was the flat bread. I ordered the lamb and my BF ordered the pork chop. The lamb was served over Polenta and had a side of baked figs. I liked the lamb but it was very fatty. The same goes for the pork chop it was good but very fatty. We had the ice cream trio for dessert, a scoop each of chocolate, caramel, and mint with two chocolate bar cookies on top. Overall the food for the price gets 3.5 stars.The rating also got bumped down to a 3.5 because the area is expanding and there are so many residents that the parking is really difficult. Also, our last order of cocktails were half of the potency of the first couple. This was the consensus of all at the table, I sent mine back. Next time I will go to NOPA will be for the Old Cubans.
07-07-07. I hope we all had some luck come our way that day. I certainly had my share of luck. I was lucky to score dinner reservations at NOPA. I was also lucky to share one of the most wonderful meals I've had with someone who I am very lucky to have in my life. It was also by luck that I ran into Nish there, who is like a permanent fixture in the lively space. Two glasses of sparkling wine came to us, compliments of our generous friend. We also just so happened to have sat next to some familiar faces who recommened the flatbread appetizer, which was delicious. The head chef gave us his recommendations for entrees -- the halibut and pork chop. I had the pork chop, which was absolutely wonderful. My dining companion had the hamburger with blue cheese and bacon -- I had a bite and it was amazing. For dessert, we had the chocolate pot de creme (which I was SO happy to see on the menu) and the donut holes. I was in dessert heaven. NOPA was a wonderful place to spend the last few hours of the luckiest day of the year...I've been feeling a bit down lately, but I have been able to find comfort through the support of genuinely wonderful friends. I feel truly lucky every day to have these special people in my life, and I can attribute Yelp for bringing some of them into my life.
You don't have to rummage through the junkyard sea of gritty pleasures and seedy comforts to find NOPA. NOPA finds you. It's pristine clean design and use of space beckons the foodie like a siren to stray from the kitchsy Ethiopian place around the corner and hungry stragglers from the Independent. I'm trying to imagine whether or not I would enjoy the food just as much if I was staring at cheap flimsy art hung on garrishly re-painted stucco walls. Nope. NOPA's food can't stand on it's own if taken out of its modern context. I can't imagine doing take-out here. That said, I appreciate their sublime approach in fusing your 4 senses. I mean, I think they even designed the acoustics impeccably. I feel like I'm a guest on All Things Considered when I dine here. Seriously, the sound quality of your dining companion is amazing.Moving on. The food is sublime yet understated. The subtle melody of flavors meld beautifuly on a careful palate. I appreciate the loving attention paid to their ingredients. The last time I have tomatoes that good was when I was dipping in to a basket of Vermont beauties after picking up a friend from SFO after her 2 week hot organic farm love. Anyway, I appreciate their concept, though theirs is not a new one. It's just executed with precision here. They got a gimmick that works. I can't believe I just said that.I find it interesting that they name themselves after their neighborhood, but yet boldy defy the hood's character. How subtle. And clever.
Woo-hoo! This place is awesome! Great ambience! Super Burgers! I guarantee you'll love it!!! I ordered a burger. They make it grass fed and ground in-house. Comes with french fries and deliciousness. I'm not a fan of goat cheese, but my group liked it.
Will go back just for the pork chop! Really good mixed drinks, too.
Brunch at NOPA was incredible. The place is hip and filled with hipsters, some who appeared to know it :) The food was quite good and very creative. I had a to-die-for hamburger that was juicy and topped with blue cheese, bacon, and a secret sauce. The burger was served with potato wedges that were cooked to perfection, crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. This is a place I would return to in a minute!
I have been going to NOPA since it opened and I love the design. the food and the people. Very one is wonderful. If you love GREAT food that is healthy and all natural but you want it taste out of this world. Go to NOPA. My favorites are the little gem, White bean and feta apps, and the Targine is out of this world!!
Went to Nopa's last night - Wednesday - at 6:30. It was already getting crowded. The place is loud and active, so don't go there for a quiet, romantic dinner. The food was really good, but the portions are small. Be sure to order soup/salad or an appetizer. I had the Moroccan tagine (vegetable stew) that was wonderful, with lots of cauliflower, broccoli, asparagus, artichoke hearts, almonds, yellow potatoes, etc. My friend had the smoked halibut, which was also good but there was nothing in the dish except the piece of fish and a few lentils, onion, and celery. The sauce was delicious so we asked for some bread to dip in it, The bread was wonderfully crispy and gluteny (was surprised they didn't just bring a basket for each table, it was so good).Oh, the sopapillas were heavenly. Five of them in an order so get just one for the table.
I went here on a recommendation from a friend when he heard i was going to SF. and all i have to say is that this place is great. The environment and vibe of this place was everything you expect from a modern young restaurant, open kitchen where you can see all the chefs make the food, a huge bar with very knowledgeable bartenders(and they mix great drinks). We got seated in the upper dinning area where we had a great view of the whole place.Now to the food... It was all delicious! We started with the bean soup(and i dont like beans) but it was delicious; light, flavorful, and a good way to start the meal. I also got an order of the fries(i am a complete fries whore) and was very surprised at how good it was, you can taste how fresh it it. For the main course i got the famous pork chop and my girlfriend got the roasted chicken. All i have to say about the pork chop is i dont think i can ever go back to eating pork chops anywhere else. It had great pork flavor and the seasoning on it only made it better, i am a person that likes to taste the meat and not have it covered with crazy amounts of seasoning. The roast chicken is the only why NOPA didn't get a 5 star review. it was a good dish but when my girlfriend started to cut into it it was undercooked but the waitress was very understanding a brought it back to the executive right away and he went ahead and re-cooked it and explained that it might look pink still due to the brine. But all in all it was a well seasoned and flavorful chicken. At the end of the meal they gave us complementary lemon sorbet which was so good.i can't wait to go back there on my next trip back to SF!
I love love love love LOVE nopa, always have (and Nopalito for that matter). I love in the hood and try to make regular visits (I even gave it 5 stars on my first review and that's why leaving this one is so painful), but after last night I might have to take a bit of a break for a while :(  My boyfriend and I stopped by for a bite before the divis art/bar walk and had some delicious mussels, a super tender pork chop and a yummy desert, which were all great, until...dun dun dun dunnn...we paid the check and headed out for the rest of the night... let's just say it all ended there. No more art/bar walk, no more fun night out, nothing, STRAIGHT home. Now, I've NEVER had a problem with that third state of matter (that one that starts with a g) but whatever we ate last night changed that opinion forever. Four hours of agony later we were finally able to fall asleep, only to wake up this morning sad to realize that even one of my favorite restaurants is not infallible. :(
Amazing & Consistent.Order the Rotisserie Herb Chicken and you will be happy. I agree with fellow yelpers, the Flatbread of Spicy Fennel Sausage, Gypsy Peppers and Roasted Corn is amazing. Pretty much everything is good.
Great decor and great food. One of very few places opened late night that serves great food and drinks. The grilled flatbread and fries were great for late night snacks with friends.
We love NOPA. You stay open late. Thank you for that. My husband is a Chef, I work in the front of the house. We get off work late. its so nice to have a great meal that late at night. We love the food. Always start with the Flat Bread. No matter what.
A great place to meet up for drinks. The food was average. Not sure why this place is getting so much attention. No desire to go back again. There are better places to dine in the city.
De-lish! We celebrated Irene's first day at the her new job at NOPA and it did not disappoint. The food is amazing (the lamb sausage flatbread appetizer = yum) and I loved our table. We were seated upstairs overlooking the kitchen. It was fun to see all of the chefs in action. Half a star down for the hot oven I must have been sitting above that steamed my legs every 5 minutes or so. Another half star down for the loooong wait for our entrees and for our server's bad attitude when we asked her about them. Her response (picture a teacher talking to a fifth grader) "I'm sure they are coming up soon dear." Grrr. They showed up at least 30 minutes after our appetizer plate had been cleared. Unexpected for what appeared to be a well oiled kitchen and service machine. Overall though, a very positive experience. Cool ambiance and great food. I'll be going back.
Heavenly! Nopa has delicious food and wine. Didn't have a reservation but stalked down a bar spot over a glass of wine. Service was excellent and the food was to die for. It was packed on a Monday night, that says something by itself.
'You ever wonder how the other half lives? It seems that I rarely ever go into a place where we don't know someone that works there. That always enhances the experience and our experience at NOPA was great. For those that don't know, NOPA stands for "North of the Pan Handle." Wait... that doesn't make sense. It should be NOPH. Oh well.We sat at the bar and Neyah, a renowned mixologist, helped us out with everything. I'm not sure if he still works at Bourbon & Branch but he is an expert at pairing flavors and he knows his spirits. We were only there for dessert and coffee but we expanded our experience to some cocktails and a salad too.I had the Barrel #40 Manhattan that was made with a specially selected Hancock's "Barrel #40" bourbon and Carpano Antica Vermouth that by itself was nutty and herbally, kinda like a port with a hint of Fernet. I don't like Fernet but the herbal was mild enough to not be over powering. For dessert my sister, brother-in-law, and I shared the Chocolate Pudding Cake with Lavender Caramel and Creme Fraiche, the Pear Upside Down Cake with Honey Mascarpone, and the Pecan Tart with Salted Caramel Ice Cream. They both liked the Pecan Tart the best but I was all about the chocolate. I paired it with a Nux Alpina walnut liqueur that was like a tawny port. The story of how it is made is interesting so if you care, I'll tell you.Sitting at the bar and letting the bartender work his magic for you is a great way to experience a place. I really think you should let them guide you and tell you what's best. It makes them enjoy their job more too when they get to show off their skills. Now I may be rambling but it's hard to put into words the pleasure we had.
Nice burger. Good apps, and good drinks. Also a nice location. Will definitely go back to this spot.
Great food, great wine, great atmosphere, and great service. We had a 6:45 reservation and ran late, ending up sitting down at 7:15pm and it was no problem at all. Of course, it was a Tuesday night, but even so - the hosts and our waitress didn't seem to mind.Word to the wise: if you're drinking wine, get a bottle. We ordered by the glass and the bill was higher because of that.Another word to the wise: parking is very hard, so allow plenty of time to find a spot.
Reservations are hard to get and no surprise why with the amazing food and drinks. The flatbread is a hit for the appetizer. For entrees, the fish stew and roast chicken are both very solid picks but the best dish is the porkchop. The most tender and juicy porkchop you will ever eat. I could not stop smiling as I chewed because of the awe at how this pork was not dry and overcooked like it is at every other restaurant. I still can't believe I ate melt-in-your-mouth porkchop, shit is unbelievable.
This is becoming a regular SF favorite of mine.  I was lucky enough to sit at the kitchen seats and talk to Lawerence the chef. The food is 100% organic so that is why it changes every week based on what is available. The sous chefs are meticulous about prep and it comes through in the dishes. I recommend try the flatbread, warm olivies, pork chop, and goat cheese. They also have a unique wine list. It is a nice change with a non cliche menu and fun atomosphere.Also to clarify a yelp rumor- they use only organic cleaners and detergents and they do not dump toxic wastes down the gutter! Really Yelpers we need to be a little more responsible with getting facts straight before we slam a restaurant. :)
If I was reviewing only the drinks, I would give NOPA 4 or 5 stars because they do mix up a tasty drink here. The food, while mostly good, did not knock my socks off.We shared the baked lima bean casserole, which was really rustic and delicious. Very comforting food. I had the burger and fries for my entree, and my husband had the pork chop. My burger was really amazing. If I were to go back, I would probably sit at the bar and have the burger and some drinks. My husband's pork chop, on the other hand, was kind of disappointing. There was nothing wrong with the chop itself, but the sides and sauce were all kind of limp and uninteresting. They seemed like an afterthought. On the plus side, NOPA is very reasonably priced.
Nopa is a can't miss, soon to be classic, SF neighborhood restaurant. Community table, organic ingredients, California cuisine, airy open dining room, open kitchen, friendly staff, California wines. Parking can be tough. I wish they had outdoor seating on the roof. I took an out of town friend and her husband here. After the meal, the husband, exclaimed, "hands down, best meal I've ever had from start to finish."
Wonderful food and decor - the place was beautiful. Between the three of us, we tried:1. Flatbread - Loved the caramelized onions. I usually pick olives off everything, including pizza, but left them on the flatbread - it was that good.2. Warm goat cheese w/crostini and beets - Good, but not especially memorable. I didn't particularly like the beets.3. Mediterranean fish stew - I picked this as my entree based on previous Yelp and SFGate reviews. It was a solid dish, but I wouldn't order it again if/when I come back. 4. Roasted chicken - BF chose this dish. One of the best chicken dishes I've tasted in a long time.5. Pork chop - Do I really need to repeat what everyone else has said? This was amazing!
A real chef cooks here. Food is fine, fine, fine... Nopa is fun, casual, young, loud, and sophisticated.... friendly staff to the extreme. The service is unreal... for example, I asked our waiter if he could chill my next beer even more so it would be extra cold. Later the runner came up to my husband and said, "let me know if you'd like another of your beer, too.. we have one chilling for you, as well." This was from the runner who we had never talked to. They really care here.. food is truly gourmet. It's a bistro atmosphere with open kitchen so lights are up a little bit more than I like... but they are going for a certain look and I get that. Decor is so great. I noticed the restroom was very plain and not done. Funny! But, my god, this place is amazing. I loved every second of our night here. Perhaps everyone giving less that 3 stars had an off night or had a fluke experience? Because if you know food, you will understand how less than 3 stars is not really accurate here.
This is my second time here and the food doesnt disappoint! Just recently I came here with a bunch of friends for my birthday and they were very nice and accomodating with us. We had 7 so it was an odd number and our 7th was running late. The guy kept checking in on us to make sure we were comfortable and if we need another table. Everything we ordered as an appetizer was delicious. We had the seabass dip, squab, french fries with basil aioli. For entree, I had the flat iron steak which was cook perfectly medium rare. Loved it. I had some of my friend's pork chop and it was a nice THICK slice and it was a bit on the salty side but was still good. Service was great and it was really packed for a late Sunday night.
hands down, one of my favorite places to get a great meal and a cocktail to complement! I love the amuse bouche they bring out before every meal...I love that all of the ingredients that they use are organic and local, and I love leaving there feeling good and knowing that I ate a clean yet hearty meal.The menu is always changing to include seasonal ingredients, but these have been some of our favorites:My boyfriends favorite is the 'NOPA burger' with its juicy patty, butter lettuce and soft warm bun. He likes it even more than Cheeseburger Tuesdays at Rosamunde!! But we still have yet to compare it to the famed 'ZUNI burger.'I recently ordered the pork chop and was weary at first, but after the waiters assurance that it is nothing like mom's dry pork chops in saurkraut i tried it...it was the most delicious, juicy, moist, tasty pork chop i've ever had....a perfectly marbled piece of pork!!I can never resist the vegetables!! My favorite has been the roasted brussel sprouts and Dumpling squash...I am definately a fall vegetable monster, i've discovered.We also love that its a great meal you can also get late night, closing at 1am most nights...beating out other horrible but popular late night spots like sparkys and mythic pizza.**Cocktails to die for, also sporting one of SF's noted bartenders famous for his new and innovative twists on old fashioned drinks, making a number of his bitters himself.
I *just* rolled out of there. And I do mean rolled. So much good food.High points: large white beans baked in a tomato sauce with cheese and breadcrumbs, herb chicken done rotisserie style (so so moist), and the pecan tart with the salted caramel ice cream...yeah. tasted everybody else's dishes, but liked the ones i got the best :)
I'm #764! Yay!To sum up Dec 31, 2007:Lucky to have friend who made resArrive early due to insane parking karmaDrink at barSeated in booth. Thankful for continuing karma. Friendly waiterFlowing drinksYummy food (no prix fixe on NYE!!)Good atmosphere*Amazing* affogato (key on NYE)Happy new year, Nopa! Let's keep in touch.
oh NOPA, i wish i could give you six stars...Your burger, the pork chop, the goat cheese...I love it all! I had a friend in town on business and we went EVERYWHERE. you were his favorite, hands-down. the only downfall is when I am heading home and think about the crap I am going to make myself for dinner and then think about the yumminess right around the corner...sigh...
I went to NOPA on a date with a fellow yelper. We were seated at the communal table, which I think is a great idea. More restaurants should have these. The first thing that caught my eye was the exposed beams which gave the place a historic feel. The wait staff was very attentative and provided great recommendations on what to order. The food was really really really really amazing. Sorry if you need more to go on but it was really good. I will definitely revisit NOPA.
This restaurant is already loaded with 5-star reviews, so this will only sound redundant if I continue -- but I can't resist adding my two cents. This is my favorite restaurant in San Francisco, and NOT overrated. The atmosphere, the service, and every last item on the menu are all outstanding -- so I'll spare the recommendations. My only advice: call ahead and get a reservation if you want a table (without waiting) before 10 pm.
You'll find me here every Sunday night, sitting at the bar, sipping whatever the wonderful bartender pours for me, having a late night dinner that inevitably includes bacon: the burger with gruyere and bacon, the bacon chicory salad, the duck breast with crumbles of bacon, the baked pasta with chopped bacon slices. As a neighbor, I took a long time to write this review because I want it to be a good one. And the best thing I can say about NOPA is that it's consistently fantastic when it comes to food, beverage, and staff.Edit 5/15: Warm Wednesday night, 10pm, packed house. People having cocktails and eating bacon-dressed dishes. I had the marinaded squid with spiced oranges, and I am still dreaming about it.
Ok, this place in FAN-freakin-TASTIC....the ambiance was great and it was packed on a Sunday night. I had made reservations and we were seated promptly. Drinks, appetizers (tomato salad, warm goat cheese & figs, and french fries with red pepper hummus dip) and main meals were amaaaaaaaaaaaaazing! I wish we had space for dessert. The service was impeccable! I will be back again soon and highly recommend Nopa to all!
Great for groups. It also has a great bar. This restaurant is big, open and inviting. The food is really, really good.
Wow. 10 p.m. on a Monday night about a month ago I ended up Nopa, it was packed! I sat at the bar near where they prepared the food.When Nopa first opened, I had drinks and appetizers so I had no expectations other than my friend wanted to go.   I would put the meal at Nopa up there as one of the best dinners I've ever had. Amazing service from a team of people who knew their wine, and their food. Incredible food, each dish was fabulous.My friend went to the bathroom near the end of the meal. A man with good energy who I had been watching as he seemed to "bless" the food on the way out, delivered my dessert and said "I won't tell if you eat it all before he gets back." Turns out he was the owner. And the price for such a wonderful evening was way below what I expected. Nopa gets my "I'm so glad I live in San Francisco" vote. Don't miss eating here.
Wow, it's rare that after 3 years a restaurant is better than I remember it to be. Nothing new to add except that my meal last night was exceptional (flatbread, fried little fish, burger, pork chop, Wash cocktail and donut dessert).
There is nothing wrong with NOPA - it's a beautiful space, the service is excellent, and I think the prices are fair given the quality and portion size. But something about the two entrees we ordered was just a bit off. Not off as in "this tastes rotten," just off as in "there's a weird spice or flavoring here that makes it strange." I thoroughly enjoyed my appetizer (warm goat cheese) and dessert (semifreddo - swoon!), so I think I might head back to NOPA for a few small plates and something sweet rather than full-blown entrees.
NOPA is uniquely San Franciscan in its ability to simultaneously pull off both crunchy and pretentious, but other than that it's fucking unremarkable. Especially since it ranks so highly on the hype-o-meter. The food is kind of bland and boring and isn't really even worth reviewing. Fin.So I took this girl. Tall. 5'10" at least. With a mane of gorgeous sable hair that I wanted to curl up in and raise wombats. It was cold and hard to tell but she seemed slender, like a runner... limber... lithe. I mean, you get the picture, right? Definitely attracted to her, which is surprising considering her arrestingly fat face. Not ugly. Just FAT. And I have to admit... I hate fat people. It isn't fair, or cool, or acceptable even but... well... water is wet. I'm not a racist, xenophobe, homophobe, I don't hate any particular group simply because of group membership (other than old people - and everybody hates old people) I don't even hate republicans, or their slightly more liberal buddies the neo-nazis, but I have an unfortunate, giant discriminatory boner for the olive garden attesting walmart lumbering rich creamery butterballs of the gool 'ol ewe ess of ay. So normally I'd be teasing girls like this with a twinky on the end of a hook off to the marina for a colonic and nice double-ended helping of bulimia, but I was kind of into it. Despite the fact she looked like she had basically eaten a slimmer, former version of herself. And so I let her let me pay for all the drinks at the academy of sciences retard dance party. And I took her to NOPA because the only people who think this place isn't rubbish are women. And I sat there while the bartender... crunch crunch sneer... fed her and my bill a steady diet of bullshit and tomfoolery. No, she didn't offer to pay. Yes, I feel like I paid for a hooker. No, I don't have a problem with that... and, frankly, I feel we are all better off the less, not more, we know about tequila history.The moral? Do not give the bartenders here a fucking inch. They will take your goddamn wallet.
I have lived around the corner from NOPA for a little over a year now, and as much as I try to casually say I live in NOPA to my friends in conversation, they usually think I'm talking about the restaurant -- not the neighborhood -- if they've even heard the reference (if not, I then have to explain the whole NOrth of PAnhandle thing, thus making the whole acronym and reference an exercise in futility). I've passed by the restaurant countless times and have noticed that the clientele seems to be a bit on the yuppie side, so I waited to try it out until a special occasion to visit, since my graduate school budget doesn't even get what it used to at Trader Joes. So when my friend Michael was in town this weekend, we gave NOPA a shot. We had no reservations, but the beautiful hostess didn't mind. We grabbed some drinks at the bar just in time to be seated in a spacious booth, maybe a ten minute wait. We had the "artichoke flatbread" and a good laugh at my expense when I seemed shocked to find that it was basically just an artichoke pizza. An extremely delicious artichoke pizza. I have few regrets, but sharing that pizza will always be one of them.Michael and I both ordered the halibut and a bottle of wine, but the waiter came back to say that they only had one halibut dish left for the night, so instead I got a Moroccan bean soup. It was all I could do not to lick the plate. I've never before glided a fork so intently in my life. Michael's only complaint was that his martini was rather weak, but the bottle of wine that the waiter recommended was a special treat. If you got with a friend, I recommend that one of you pays for the food and another pays for a great bottle of wine. It's comforting to know that the restaurant fits the neighborhood -- fun, romantic, and washes down nicely with a little booze. And what can I say, I'm a sucker for acronyms.
WOW, i REALLY REALLY HAVE TO GO BACK HERE.Not just because the dishes my friends and I had were amazing, but because there's more on the menu that caught my eye. Passing by other customers at the restaurant their dishes looked sooo good. I had the grass fed hambuger, and talk about different, I felt like I was eating a cow from heaven. I couldn't believe the fries were so scrumptious either. My other friends were stealing them, that's how good they were!The atmosphere was great, floor to ceiling windows, low lights, and a second floor overlooking the first with the long bar on one side. Even the kitchen is open and it felt like part of the experience watching your food being prepared. I really sunk into the city-life being there. Oh just to WARN you. Make sure you go here after you've just gotten paid or when your wallet is full. I paid a lot, too much then I was going to just cause i was curious with the appetizers and the cocktails and the wine...wooo....
Advice: Sit at the bar, talk to the awesome bartenders. And get the squash side!!! How they made something as simple as squash so damn good, I'll never know. I wish I lived near here so I could be friends with the nicest bartenders ever. And they mix some mean drinks. Food: great, lamb pasta was perfect meal for my run the next morning. My husband got the duck that was perfectly crisp and moist. Even though we were stuffed, we had to split the apple crisp with a bit of cheddar on top.I was a happy happy person after that meal.
I don't think this place lives up to the hype. I stopped by during the Slow Food weekend and some things were amazing, but some were just "eh." We started with 2 amazing cocktails, the bar tender even SPANKED the thyme which was for dramatic effect, but it worked!We were sat w/out resos within 20 minutes and we started with the chicken sausage hash which was tasty but little bland. The I had the halibut (light and tender) but again, little bland. and my friend had the seared duck, which was 2.5 out of 5. we had an scrumptious side of corn, tomatoes, and butter, how can you go wrong, but the broccoli side was mediocre at best. we wrapped it up with calvados and a little choco brownie...Service was friendly, our mains took a LONG time, but the scene was OK, and the high celings were nice. Next time I might opt for the communal table...I will try it again, I hope it is more impressive the second time around.
(This place does not need another review.)I've been about 10 times, maybe more if you count drinks or dessert. I am happy to have Nopa as my walk-to establishment!2 words: 'Pork Chop'.And, 'Side Car'.
Yummy, yummy, yummy.I love NOPA. Love everything about it- great space, great food, great service, decent crowd. I really like the big communal table- sometimes I like to chat with strangers and ogle their food before I get mine.We had the flatbread pizza, the chicken, and the MOST delicious burger!I took one star off because the bartender was a total pretentious A-hole/prick.All else is SOOO lovely!
I loved this place! I had an amazing burger here. Plus, drinks and atmosphere are top notch.
I've been thinking about NOPA for months. **I've been working in Vietnam for the past several months, and although there's great Vietnamese food, the beef quality is lower than low cost meats in the US. You see, cows are worked hard before slaughtered. ** Back to NOPA. The fact that NOPA existed kept my stomach sane through those rough beef months. After a long absence, NOPA did not disappoint. Their $13 burger is packed with better beef than all of Vietnam. It's cooked perfectly and sandwiched between heavenly carb pillows. Coupled with a few of their cocktails, the goat cheese & beet appetizer, and SOPAPILLAS (more pillows from heaven!), a meal at NOPA keeps me happy for days. The staff is incredibly knowledgeable and welcoming. My favorite is Eric, who can recommend the perfect drink to accompany your meal or satisfy those needy taste buds. P.S. Don't forget the pork chops. Please, eat the pork chops.Downsides: There's usually a wait, so either RSVP or become friendly at the communal table. I prefer the communal table, to be honest.
Came here with some friends to celebrate my birthday a few weeks ago. We were all looking forward to a girl's night out. One of our friends highly recommended it so NOPA it was. Too bad our excitement turned sour as dinner progressed.None of the appetizers jumped out at us, so we ordered entrees. We had the chicken, pappardelle, burger and one other dish but I forgot what it was. The food was good. Not great, but good.My gripe - our waitress. Dont remember her name... come to think of it, don't remember if she introduced herself. She was older, about 5'3'' with brunette hair and medium built. We sat at one of the tables along the wall. She was super unfriendly and unattentive the entire night. Never smiled. Maybe she was having a bad night...but still. We had very little communication with her. She took our order at the beginning. Another staff member brought out our food. He was very nice and cheery. Too bad he wasn't our actual waiter. Our waitress didnt show up again until it was dessert time. We usually have a couple bottles of wine but this night it was only 1 because she never checked on us to see if we needed anything else. When our table was cleared, she brought the dessert menus over and just laid them in front of us...did not peep a word. She came back and took our dessert order. We shared the creme brulee and pot de creme, which again someone friendlier brought to us. Creme brulee was ok. Pot de creme was really good! As we were having dessert we flagged her down for the check. Again, when she came back, she laid the tab on the table and walked off. Not a peep again! She totally ruined our night!During dinner we kept looking around at all the other tables interacting with their waiters and said to eachother how we wish we'd had them instead. I will not be coming back here again because service sucked. Sorry NOPA.
NOPA hardly needs another review but I won't let that stop me:Pros: Decent food. Good service. Nice decor.Cons: Noise. Pricey.Started with the flatbread with bacon. Quite good. Then onto the rotisserie chicken, which was very good as well, though the broccoli was absolutely drowned in vinegar. My friend's plate of the house ravioli was deceptive: smelled delicious but was almost overwhelmingly salty in taste. The wine, the Monpertuis 2005 grenache syrah, was recommended and proved to be quite companionable with our choices.The din is unfortunate. It's one of those restaurants where, by table at the end of the night, your voice is hoarse from shouting across the table. The hostess, server, and sommelier were all pleasantly attentive. The crowd struck me as 30-45, a demo that I appreciate, and this time even moreso since many of the men wore ties.Classy.
NOPA is exactly what this neighborhood needs. I mean, you can get stoned at any one of the fine purveyors of cannibis along Divisadero, walk into NOPA and put your name down ("that'll be 1.5 hrs for your table"), hear a rock concert by some lost 80's band at The Independent then come back just in time to be seated. You can enjoy your meal of braised Lamb Shanks, squash risotto and a nice glass of tempranillo. All the while you can enjoy the view of the 21 Bus whooshing along Hayes Street carrying people who don't have cars back to the projects near by. But who cares, when you've got a nice dessert of freshly fried doughnut balls with 2 different types of dipping sauces coming up next? "Can I get some more house filtered water please..." You stumble out of the restaurant, all full and happy when you stumble upon a little fight among some hooligans just across the street at what used to be "Brother In-Laws BBQ"
I really wish Yelp enabled halves of stars because I would give Nopa 4.5 stars if I could. The food is delicious, the portions are sizable and it's all decently priced. Appetizer - little fried fish - Tried this and it was pretty tasty. I wasn't a fan of the sauce because it had a hint of mustard (which I happen to dislike), but my dinner companion thought it was fabulous. Entree - Pork Chop - based on the rave reviews other Yelpers wrote about the pork chop, I had to get it. Definitely one of the best (if not the best) pork chop I've ever had at a restaurant! It was very moist, tender, and absolutely enormous (at least 2x larger than a normal pork chop). Plus, it comes with peaches that are lightly cooked so they have a smoky lingering taste to it, and it complements the pork chop very nicely. I am usually disappointed by pork at restaurants because it's usually too dry and overcooked, but Nopa has perfected this dish. Entree - Duck - My friend had this, and it was also really tasty and sizable with at least 2 or 3 drumsticks of the duck. The duck meat fell off of the bone, and the skin was a nice level of crispness. Side - French fries with roasted garlic aioli sauce - this was an absolutely enormous side, and we definitely couldn't finish it. Split between 2 people is probably not a good idea unless you don't eat anything else with it.Wine - Tried a couple glasses (the rose, a red) - and both were okay but nothing to write home about.Atmosphere - As other patrons have said, it gets a little loud here. We were on the 2nd floor though, so the noise level wasn't too bad. See if you can request a 2nd floor table if noise bothers you.
Do not miss the bar! The drinks are perfect. The bartenders know what they are doing.  The food is quite amazing.  I had chicken soup. Yes, plain ol' chicken soup that was elevated to another level.  My theory is that if they can make a simple dish like chicken soup orgasmic then everything else will just be sheer perfection.  The soup was filled with tender chunks chicken, butternut squash & a loving swirl of creme fraiche.  Their flatbread topped with spicy fennel sausage, escarole and all other sorts of divine toppings that went well with a glass of Marsanne Roussanne.   Highly recommend making reservations.
Great food, great service, knowledgeable staff, late hours (!)Faves include roasted chicken, vegetable tagine, lamb ribsOooh, all good.
Good Californian Cuisine. Open late nights.
I love several things about NOPA:1) Late night stops by the communal table for flatbread (wonderfully salty pancetta balanced with caramelized onions) and Blue Bottle Coffee 2) Hamburger - the right amount of meat/bread/condiments 3) Baked white bean appetizer - perfectly melded tomato and feta topped with crunchy breadcrumbs that are perfectly juxtaposed against the beans I'm a fan.
I finally went to NOPA after hearing it hyped for ages... both my friend and I were consistently underwhelmed with the food. The ambiance was cool and we actually were really happy with our waiter, but none of the food we had lived up to the hype. The amuse bouche they gave us was salty and unappetizing. Our appetizer was our best course: roasted squid salad. It was pretty good, but nothing memorable. My friend had a fish dish (cod?) baked in some pepper sauce. She stuck her tongue out after tasting it. I had the chicken, which was well-brined and had a smokey flavor from the roasting. Good, but boring. The couscous served with it was very vinegary and if I had made it at home, I would've thrown it out and ordered pizza. Esp considering the prices, I would not go back.
As a NOPA resident, I'm thrilled that NOPA is here.The best thing about the restaurant is the late night hours. More about that in a minute.So the food and bar are really good, but kinda what you would expect at this price point. Yes - we are that jaded. Since to me this is a neighborhood reservation, I am cheezed off at the reservation difficulty, and then getting stuck with the 7 - 10 split (5 or 9 PM). And the scene is a little fancy for me eating good dinner in the hood.Both the access difficulty and vibe totally improve later on. I've closed out a number of nights with a stop at NOPA, and without a doubt both the food and scene were huge improvements over a diner stop.
Nopa is insanely busy. Hidden in an unassuming building. Crowded beyond disbelief. Often times I go to hyped up places expecting too much. And for me, there was one prevailing reason to come back, their pork chop.
Despite the long wait, in my case more than one hour, worth checking out. Even on Monday nights. Food is not surprising but very good. Decent wine list and "buzz" definitely makes the place. Recommend for casual night out. Like Monday!
I'm not sure how people ever get a table here during normal dinner hours. I remember calling within 15 minutes of them beginning to answer calls for reservations (same-day reservations only) and the earliest available time was like 9:30. Well, I'm kind of glad we did get a later reservation because the place kind of just radiates that late night vibe. The pork chop. I still remember that pork chop. So juicy, so full of delicious flavor. So, so yummy. And the fries are a great side dish to share with your table. Pretty cool spot, but I just wish they would take reservations like normal restaurants.
I cannot believe that I had not tried Nopa until this weekend. This place was such a wonderful experience. Everything we had was really good but if there is one thing you go to this place for, its the flatbread and their porkchop. It is so freakin good. I will be back for sure. Tip, make reservations if you plan on going. This place is similar to Townhall and Salthouse, with the communal tables on first come first serve basis. Unless you are ready to battle for room to eat, make reservations.
Very, very good. But the menu it too meat-heavy for me, so low replay value.
I'm sad to say I was not impressed by NOPA. I saw all the reviews and thought I should definitely put it on my food itinerary when I was visiting. When I looked at the menu I was not excited. But against my better judgement my cousins and I went. I should have stuck to my guns. It wasn't bad, but it wasnt anything mind blowing. Maybe we all (7 ppl)ordered all the wrong things. Best part of the experience was the excellent service.
Atmosphere: Mmm hmmm, warm and cozy.Service: Yeah. Totally top notch. With great taste and superb menu recommendations.Cocktails: YES. So good. You will enjoy whichever you choose. They are as good as those at Bourbon & Branch.Appetizers: Delectable.Wine: PerfectMain course: Who has room for dinner? (Okay, yeah, the experience didn't waiver one bit here.)Desserts. OH. MY. GOD. Wow. I didn't have any room in my stomach so I tucked dessert away in my pancreas. After all of the cocktails and wine, the one dessert memory that really sticks with me is slurping something delicious and fruity from a straw.
i'm not a big meat eater, but i ordered the pork chop...why? because that's what everyone was raving about! that, and they didn't have very many vegetarian options, which is what i usually try to order when given a choice. also, i don't eat rabbit, avoid duck, and didn't feel like fish. in any case, the pork was good. i only liked the burnt crusty parts on top. the rest of the meat was too fatty for me. but again, i'm not the biggest huge-hunk-of-meat fan.the desserts were delicious and the service was good.
Went there for Brunch. Very good. I'd like to go back for dinner some time.
Always a lot of fun and easy going. However, your dining experience can vary based upon what you order. Must absolutely order the flatbread, and the pork chop at least once, as recommended by others. However, it really is an "old school" pork chop (i.e. marbled like no other), and so don't serve it to your uncle with a heart condition. He won't make it. Service is spotty but it's a big fun scene and worth doing if you're around Divisidero, and oddly enough, it's reasonably priced as these places go.
The staff is friendly and helpful and always happy to see you, with no attitude (which is very hard to find in SF), Food is great and it is obvious that it is made with passion, the bartenders take their cocktails serious but not over the top or snobbish about it. I am very happy NOPA is in my hood.The wait is never to bad, although it can get to over an hour, but it is worth it.
Chad: Hands down the best restaurant in San Francisco. Alex: Pretty damn tastey but I am entirely too indecisive to make such a statement. Service; (Eric) was great even in what is referred to as the "dead zone" balcony, and I must admit it was pretty impressive how spritely they ran up and down those stairs. Comprehensive wine list; the newest Pinot Noir was great and relatively inexpensive (55)Cocktails = A+ (including the Blue Bottle Martini which was superb and until recently secret...doesn't a secret cocktail just feel more dangerous?)Food; I love that the menu is always changing. The warm goat cheese crustini with baby heirloom tomatoes were amazing. Chad does not even like anything remotely tomato-y and even he thought they were like little yum explosions in your mouth. The Lamb Flatbread = good. The baked cheesy pasta = alright, i would go for something else if it were on the menu again, but still pretty goodThe Halibut - cooked to perfection, i didn't really have much because Chad was more protective than a mother bear. READ: Great service, great food, atmosphere, surprisingly unpretentious but LOUD. Fun for drinks with friends though I opted to not take my parents there because they are a little less willing to strain to be heard.Serves food until one, desert and drinks until two.
I was going to write a long glorious review of Nopa.However, there are too many words to describe this tasty place.So I will go lean and mean.GREAT drinks, great food, GREAT service. A must do for sure.
Brunch at NOPA is fantastic. After a second brunch here I am bumping this to 5 stars.Service was impeccable, food was great. The upstairs seating area was nice as it was a bit removed from the bustle but still gave us a birds-eye view into the kitchen.Also a surprise: they really know how to serve tea! My loose leaf Earl Grey was steeped perfectly and brought out with the strained leaves removed and placed beside the teapot. Nice.Don't miss the farm eggs and the dessert. Oh and thick toast with yuzu marmalade. Yum.
In a word . . . LOUD !!! Too freaking LOUD. Good food, yes, but I can eat well without permanent hearing loss. Do you like yelling at your friends across the table - then you will love your experience here. Do you like ringing in your ears when you walk out? The doctors have a name for that. It's called damage. And it is not necessary to go to this extreme to create a lively atmosphere. Nuff said. Too loud. Oh, and by the way, parking is non-existent. But the food is good and the servers are well trained.
I saw Nish here. Automatic 5 stars.HOW THE HECK WAS THAT USEFUL TO ANYONE? 4 PEOPLE?
I love this place. The food and service are good, the atmosphere is lively, and they're open late. Prices are high but they're generally worth it. Try the flatbread and the housemade parpadelle. My only complaint is it gets pretty noisy after about 7:30 or 8 PM.
This is the kinda restaurant you want to take out-of-towners.... it's very San Francisco... a hip vibe. Love love LOVE the espresso martini.... its just fabulous....and the fact that theyre open till about 1am or so.
Overall: Solid food, great ambiance and an extensive wine list. Open late.It was buzzing with chatter, but not too loud. Elegant and simple decor. Service was attentive and polite, though our server was kind of awkward.Food was simple and solid. The best thing we had were the baked giant white beans w/ tomato, oregano and feta (mmm!). The entrees were delicious and portions were sizeable.
The communal table makes me feel like I am back in Camelot and of course, I am King Arthur... but then I realize that I am in the middle of a junky district full of becoming hipsters, brothas, Dons, and folk who drop f* bombs over $40 bottles of wine. It's aiight. I like watching the kitchen. I don't like some of the waitresses. I like the bar... if you got a stool. I like the windows. I like the smells... not really, it usually smells like fart... adds to that whole Camelot feeling.
My meal was to die for; loved the eco-friendly vibe and the service. Half of my party of four were running late due to a shortage of parking. Rather than make us wait to sit down, we were seated right away and even served a light appetizer on the house while we waited for the rest of our group - I've never been so lucky in SF before! The server was attentive, but not overbearing. Fries were excellent, as was the veggie tagine and the yummy chocolate dessert - everyone walked away satisfied that night.The only problem was the total lack of parking (with no valet option) and the high noise level, which was okay for our group but could put a damper on things if you're having an intimate night out. Definitely recommended, especially for larger groups!
With so many rave reviews, I feel it unnecessary to gush even more about one of SF's most popular restaurants.NOPA certainly is a treat; from the ambiance, the service, and of course, the food--my entire dining experience was pretty much perfect. My only issue was with the burger I ordered. I have heard NOPA's to be fantastic, but the bun was kind of burnt.You absolutely must have a reservation. Overall, impressive!
Meh."The verbal equivalent of a shrug of the shoulders." -quoth me"(While holding gun to their own head) Give me one good reason why I shouldn't pull this trigger!""meh."...I think that pretty much sums it up...
Finally went to brunch here. I got the baked egg over tomato and parmesan. It came with grilled bread to dip, and we ordered potatoes on the side. Delicious! The bacon was a little on the fatty side, but it tasted quite good. Not as crowded as dinner, so it was relatively easy to get a seat.
Good food, VERY trendy (in a casual way).
I recently had a friend in from ot of town and wanted to take him to a solid neighborhood spot. Nopa it is!!I love this spot. Brooke is a friend and she took perfect care of us!!The menu is great. The sturgeon is delicious, loved the cauliflower and dates, and hands down best broccoli I have ever eaten in my life!!
This place is overrated. The open space (you can look into the kitchen from the second floor area) is great and the service was fine, but there should be no reason it takes them 45 minutes to 1 hour for the food to come out for a table of 3. We came here on a Saturday night and were starving as we waited for 2 basic pastas and something else. Any food should taste great after waiting so long, but it was just ok. Nothing extraordinary. This might've been a 4 star review if it didn't take so long to get something less than extraordinary.
Yummy! I went to Nopa with a bunch of work people. we started off with some little fish and olive appetizers. Soo good!The wine list is quite interesting. For Dinner we made it more of a communal dining experience - yes, I like the people I work with enough to share my food - and we had a taste of the rabbit sausage appetizer, tomato soup appetizer (surprisingly light!) the duck entree and the halibut and the chicken. All plates were very well sized, especially the chicken which was a huge piece and very mouthwatering. For dessert we shared the brownies and I must say that I was happy as a clam afterwards. It has been a great dining experience and i will come here again.
I went here last night for the first time after hearing nothing but great things. "Try the Rotisserie chicken" they said. "Try the burger, its amazing", I also heard". Sounds good, but I didnt order them. You gotta go bigger than chicken and burgers, right?I went in and had a drink first with some coworkers. One of my favorite trends in garnish (retarded to have favorite trends in garnish you say?) are those uncured olives: They got 'em. I made my first check plus in my mind. The drink was good -- Martin Martini, up, two delicious olives. Ambiance also got a check plus, as the room was beautiful with large windows and nice rustic tables. You can see how they do so many covers, they use their space well.We got situated upstairs in the corner after getting loose at the bar, which was fine since we had nine people. Took a look at the menu for the first time (I have stopped looking online beforehand, takes the fun out of it) and scanned the options. As I am sure many of you know, eating out with the bosses can be different than eating with a friend or your lady. You gotta take your cues from the highest ranking official at the table, in my case a VP. That in mind, we skipped, for the most part, the apps, meaning I had to forgo my first choice starter, the sardines. We ended up sharing the peppers and the flatbread, and both were great, but I wouldn't have ordered them myself.Next I had the highlight of the evening, the duck leg confit. If you go to Nopa I highly recommend. It was perfectly cooked, came right of the bone and was seasoned perfectly. A great bite could be a bit of duck, a sliver of the the red potatoes that come on the side, and a single bronx grape which also adorned the plate. Sweet, salty, starchy. I didnt get to pick the wine so I cant comment, I would say that the missing star might be the server we had. Not horrible by any stretch, a nice young lady, but she got a little pushy with us. First offense, insisting on appetizers after no one ordered them (we did cave on this one, and got some plates to share). Finally, when we decided against dessert, she kinda grabbed my menu and stormed off. I dunno, maybe I read to much into it, and maybe on another night at another table she may be great, but last night there was something off.Anyways fantastic restaurant, I wish I could go back and get a proper sense of the menu, but generally the food was supurb.
I liked Nopa. No surprise there. The place itself is classy, spacious, and perfect for dinner and drinks before going out. I just got the burger with blue cheese, and with the tangy buffalo sauce they give you with the fries it tasted a lot like the $5 burger I get from the Park Restaurant, but with more meat (and better quality). I enjoyed myself. Not mind-blowing, but definitely satisfying. Would love to go back to try other things. They even gave us an amuse bouche!
I love this place, mainly because my boyfriend loves it. Actually, that isn't entirely true. I've been going to NOPA since it opened a few years back and have always had a wonderful dining experience. The food is outstanding, wonderful full flavors. The dipping sauce for the french fries is deadly, don't think that you can have enough willpower to just have a couple fries. Before you know it you're staring at an empty bowl!We like to sit in the bar at the large wooden table and make a meal out of the appetizers. I highly recommend the tuna dish along with the flatbread...delicious!!! The flatbread is like an explosion of cheesy bacon yumminess in my mouth!The space is very cool! Dramatic high ceilings with a large open feel created by the many large windows that look out onto Divisadero. The only reason I give this place 4 starts and not 5 is because it can get very loud here, making an intimate conversation almost impossible. Fun place, great food and cool people. I'll be back, boyfriend in tow and megaphone in hand :-)
What can I say, NOPA is amazing. We were out and about on a Friday night and after happy hour went a bit late, say, 11PM late, we wanted to grab a bite. And knowing NOPA serves food until a bit late, we decided to go. (I have been a few times before, and every time was good, but this time it was especially good.) I went in while the others in my party circled for parking, and got seated right away at a nice booth table. We ordered the crostinis, calamari, french fries and the burger and spit them all between the four of us. I have to say the burger was phenomenal. I really enjoyed the fries and crostinti as well. Highly recommend for a late night spot when you want some delish food.
Best burger I've ever had!!I would describe their french fries as In-n-out fries, but larger and perfectly cooked.The only thing I would knock was the service. It was fine, the hostess and waitress were nice, but felt very disingenuous. But, the Burger definitely made up for it.Best burger in SF that I have had so far.
4 stars for Service4 stars for Atmosphere3 stars for FoodI didn't dislike anything ordered, but I wasn't even remotely close to being blown away by anything.
We've been waiting years for Nopa to serve brunch. Hooray! Worth the wait. And I officially have joined the team of everyone else in this world and now 100% love their burger.
I've lived in the city for about a year now and have been to NOPA a couple time's...the first was a couple months after I moved here and the second time was a couple weeks ago. They seemed to change the menu slightly from the first time I went but both times the food and service was excellent (although the first time I went we ordered the fries and they came with a red pepper humus aioli which was ridiculously good and we weren't as impressed with the basil aioli there serving now). I've tried the herb roasted chicken which was yummy, the vegetable tagine which was very good and the cod which was a little dry to be honest. They serve wine in half bottle portions which me and my friend appreciated. It's definitely a little pricey (most entrees are from $18-25), especially when you compare it to other restaurants in the neighborhood, but with both my experiences I would say the price is worth it.
I came back here on Sat night, 7/19/08 and the food was off the hook now. The pork chop..... you eat it and you make the orgasm sound. The burger was even better today. I should order it rarer than med rare for it to taste like that again.The cheapest red wine by the glass there, a blend of temparanillo and grenache, was fuckin delicious. $7! That means they get the bottle for $7, I think. Oh my god where do they sell that wine!!!!! It is soooooooo good!A well well deserved 5 stars! Oh yea shout out to our server Jeff that night!
My entree was awful.What kind of a person gives an establishment 5 stars and says their entree was awful? A person like me, evidently.Here's the deal, as a quasi-vegetarian, I decided to go with the veggie option the night I went. Issue -- I love veggies, don't so much love curry, which was a prominent flavor in the dish, but not labeled as such on the menu. PARTY FOUL. People who actually like curry probably would have enjoyed this, but I'm not those people.On to the good stuff...The space is BEAUTIFUL, just totally my type of architecture, art, vibe, aura, feel... Drinks at the bar were great, classic cocktails with a little twist to make them unique. We shared a bunch of amazing appetizers from grilled calamari, to smoked salmon, and something that included orgasmic warmed goat cheese. Good Lord I would kill for some of that goat cheese right now. Anyway, I ate off everyone else's plates since my veggie shit was...shitty, and their food was all fantastic. The best entree was some sort of baked pasta. Desserts were fantastic, especially the after dinner drink I had which was some concoction of coffee, chocolate, and a lot of liquor. Highly recommended.Looking forward to going back and ordering my own entree... but still 5 star-worthy.
I primarily go to NOPA for their awesome burgers when I'm checking out a concert at the Independent. Be prepared for long waits if you have no reservation. Another great spot for a hot date.
Update: July 7, 2007I've never been to Nopa after 10 pm. Tonight my friends and I decided to make a reservation at Nopa at 10:15 pm because everything else was booked. The crowd there after 10 was even more intersting than the regular chow time. Of course I had the cheese burger again but I got to share the fish soup (the best) and they finally have Pinot Noir on the menu. Don't pick the Pinot from France, pick the other Pinot on the menu. :)XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXAs the 538th reviewer, the only thing I CAN ADD is:Bacon cheese burger with frites. You need a friend to split it, then order the smoked salmon appetizer and the salad to share.
Love it! burgers here are great, probably our favorite in SF right now! Our group raved about the flatbread and broccoli as well. Didn't have a reservation so waited for about 20-25 minutes for a seat by the big table near the door. Only complaint was that it was kind've cold at our seats as the draft from the door. Service was good, but not outstanding as they didn't refill our water very often.Nopa has moved into my top 10 list for SF (not counting special event type places that charge 100+ dollars/person)
I am very impressed with NOPA. We had reservations for 9:15, and I called to say that we would be about 15 minutes late, they said no problem, and when we arrived we had to wait only 5 minutes for our table. Their service was absolutely impeccable, and the place was packed, which is totally a testament to their efficiency (they are ridiculously observant and efficient, I would say bordering on OCD). The servers are always attentive, never annoying. Although I wasn't super amazed by the menu options on paper, every thing we ordered tasted soooo good: the mark of a truly good chef. The fries with basil aioli were a-mazing, so was the runner bean appetizer and the tomato bread soup. I think my favorite was the baked zucchini with bacon and cherry tomatoes though, such a tasty flavor explosion! They are definitely using the freshest, finest ingredients.Also, what is up with the portion sizes? I'm inclined to think you actually get what you pay for, which is insane for a restaurant of this quality. I expected the main dishes to be appetizer-sized as they so often are at reputed restaurants like NOPA, but they were huge. In fact, I couldn't finish mine because I had miscalculated my order in anticipation of the aforementioned tiny portions...oops! I will definitely return here.
The service was unbeatable here. Attentive staff who were patient with me trying and disliking several cocktails. The burger is ah MAZ ing and you can tell they have pride in their food and that sustainability shtuff.
Fantastic cocktails, and an immense selection of all kinds of booze. At an average cost of $9 each, they're a good price too.Fantastic food as well! The menu changes regularly/seasonally, but it's a safe bet that everything on it will be tasty. The flatbreads are amazing. The pork chop is enormous, and of such an astounding richness that you'll be stunned (though to me, it tasted a little on the salty side - they apparently brine it for a very long time, which accounts for its incredible texture and juicyness). The osso buco, while non-traditional (it's not served in a hearty red-wine sauce), was fall-apart-if-you-breathed-on-it tender, and wonderfully rich in flavor (though not quite so juicy as the pork). The roast veggies served with it were also really good.The giant white bean appetizer is also great.But save room for dessert! The sopapillas, when drizzled full of the orange-caramel sauce, were like heaven on earth.Whatever could be the downsides, you ask? Well, it's noisy - even though it's a big, airy 2-story space, all the surfaces are highly reflective, so it can be a bit assaulting on the ears. It's also obscenely popular, which means if you don't get a reservation for dinner, you're screwed.That said, the kitchen is open until 1am, which is awesome.
Hey, NOPA has a lot of great things going for it. Really great location, late hours, and a fine long bar. The bartenders were nice, if busy, and made fine potions. On a busy Friday night, where I doubted more people could fit in, we were quoted an hour and twenty wait. They sat us in 15 minutes -- how great is that? I wasn't halfway done with my drink before they found us at the bar, knew my name (how do they do that?) and sat us at a lovely table overlooking the main floor.What's not to like? Sadly, the food. My friend gave me the recommendation as a "straight ahead california-mediterranean", which sounded delicious to me. Sadly, each dish was lacking something -- except olive oil, which they all had plenty of. The salad -- of apricots and cherries -- sounded awesome, but I went home the next night and made one far tastier by just adding a little attention to the portions. The squid had flavor, but there was just nothing special about it. The pork was cooked well, but again, I can come home and grill a pork chop too. Why am I paying $24 for yours? Again, too much oil de-emphasized the flavor or each dish until I started thinking of each dish in terms of how easy it was to slide around the plate instead of how it tasted.Also, people watching was sadly uninteresting. There were a lot of people, but as I looked around, they all seemed like groups of Pac Heights birthday parties. Solidly preppy. Solidly dull. Come on, this place is in a seedy neighborhood they're trying to rename so they can charge higher rents (Western Addition folks, that's what this area of Divisadero is). We can get more better people here.I'll be back. Late night -- I love it! I've been looking for a good place to eat after late flights back into SFO, and this might be the spot. But from the other reviews, it seems like this place really needs to work on its food.
Cool place to get a affordable dinner at a top restaurant. You must try the goat cheese and flat bread pizza. it gets crowded at times however the staff are really cool and will help you find a seat around the community table. I've been there twice in 2 weeks and never had to wait more then 10 minutes to get a seat. I tried the pork chop because their known for it however I think I got a piece with a lot of fat on it, maybe it's meant to be that way to increase the juice in the meat. However I'll still come back to try the chicken or the halibut next time.
This place opened one week after I moved out the Western Addit...I'm sorry, out of "NOPA." I guess they figured they could open now that the undesirable riffraff had finally been forced to move to the InSet. It only took me a year and some change to get my ass back over here (the 21 Hayes is S.L.O.W.) finally to try the much discussed NOPA.  With great results. We showed up at 7:30 sans ressies and were confronted with about an hour wait (which turned out to be a fairly accurate prediction). After a drink and some conversation down the street at Madrone, we were back and seated.  We started with a series of the appetizers. The grilled romaine was incredible, the cauliflower soup divine, and the salmon carpaccio refreshing. After such a thrilling start, I think the rest of the table was somewhat disappointed with their entrees. They were good, but not as good as the appetizers had let on. I had the baked pasta though which was fantastic. I mean if you put pasta, cheese, butter, and duck in a bowl I think I'll always be happy. The specialty cocktail list is a tasty series of fun variations on more classic beverages.  And I totally saw Nish.And I was apparently in the presence of the Jerk Store, but didn't know it. I thought I felt a cold chill run through the room at one point though :)
I love NOPA. In fact I've had 2 bad dates here one of which was a break up...but I still love this place. I recommend it for the food and its not a bad place to break up with someone since its quite loud and you can tune out the person if need be. Also the drinks go down easy and the staff is attentive and professional. Props for good food that's open late.
A little gem in an unlikely neighborhood. Housed in an impressive old bank building, it has a warm and inviting atmosphere but can be a bit noisy. It's a fun place to hang with friends but wouldn't recommend it for a nice romantic date.Warm goat cheese is a must have and it was a great starter. The carrot soup special was not what we expected. It was carrot boiled in broth; not comforting and far from tasty. The herb roasted chicken was moist and savory; highly recommend it! It was a very big half chicken, maybe enough for two. Roasted duck breast was also very nice; moist, tender and not fatty.Would definitely go again, particularly since their menu changes quite a bit. A note of caution, we showed up right at 6:00pm when they started seating and they were slammed so service was not prompt. This is fine if you have time but we had plans for the theatre.
I went in here last wed. night with 7 friends, and had a good time. The food was good, the drinks were ok.I got the lamb, and it was good, yet it lacked some of the raw aromas that good natural lamb has. Definitely cage raised lamb.  it was well cooked thou. The lamb piece was big, but also pricey (21).The drink I got was the "La vida e breve", and it was disapointing. The taste was ok, but it was NOT STRONG enough, and it was little of it.For desert, I got the "Blue coffee Martini", and it was awesome. Very worth the 7 bucks it costed.it is a little bit pricey place.  It is more of 3.8. Good for a date, or for friends out night.
Nopa has some really winning qualities that you don't find all that often in San Francisco. First off, how cool is it that this place stays open really late and always packs an interesting and not too pretentious local crowd? Better yet, the menu has some real winners on it, the service rocks and the ambiance is pretty unique and incorporates local neighborhood flavor - sweet communal table, awesome mural, cool open kitchen. However, I have noticed a few drawbacks. It can be a little pricey, and for a restaurant of this caliber they don't rotate the menu out that often. I have seen the same menu here way too often. But whatever, I'm just givin' props to the fact that you can freak your date out by saying that you're going out for an evening in the Western Addition. And better yet, you can fool 'em like you're going to Popeye's across the street. Nopa rocks, but the neighborhood is still "up and coming". Whatever people, it already came, it's freakin' here.
I haven't even had a chance to try out this restaurant yet and probably won't now. I called to make reservations for a party of 10 for my friends bday dinner, and the hostess who picked up was not only rude but arrogant and impatient with me like I was wasting her time. NOPA doesn't take reservations for a party of 10 she tells me. I was like what? She said we only take reservations for a party of 8 maximum. I told her fine, I never heard of that before but I'll make reservations for a party of 8 (thinking that 2 people can sit in a table next to us). The only times they had available was 6pm and 10pm and I asked the hostess if we could arrive and wait for a table, and she arrogantly said since its on a friday, the wait can be up to 2 hours. She wasn't even kind or nice when she said it. If she provided her name, I would not hesitate to call out her name here in this review. The hostess was obviously one unhappy person.Because of the attitude she gave me and the fact that they only can take parties of 8 maximum, I think I'll pass on this restaurant. I don't think its worth trying out.
NOPA sucks.Yeah, yeah.. the food rocks and ok, i admit.. their elderflower gimlet is like, the best drink ever.. but have you TRIED to get a reservation? Or worse, walk in at 6:30 expecting food anytime soon??? I live in the hood and would really like to eat there without the hassle.All you other people... STOP GOING
Nopa gets a 4-star from me because I've been there 3 times now and haven't been disappointed with anything so far- food is great, atmosphere is cool, and service has been pretty solid.Sure, it's sort of loud, but maybe depends on what time you go? High ceilings and neighborhood charm make this a chic spot to grab some food, especially if you're on the late night tip outta the independent or strolling from Flybar.I've had the Moroccan tagine now 2x, and it's bomb! I love it.We had the caramelized onions on flatbread this time, and it was good. Kinda like a pizza, but yummy.Blue bottle cofeeee.. mMmMMMmmmmMWe also had a side of broccoli that was steamed I think with bacon and eggs? I forget. It was Ok. but just a healthy addition.Finally, had the trio of sorbet which included a delicious blood orange flavor that was off the chain!You rocked again NOPA. Oh, and we got there around 8ish and immediately got a seat for 2 -- no problems. BooYAh!
It is decent, but not what I was expecting from all the hype. It was super hot in there and the service was mediocre.
Ahhhhh-mazing! Fancy food without the 'tude. Seriously, from a good martini at the bar, to the flatbread apps, rotisserie chicken, through dessert it was one of the best dining experiences I've had in my 5+ years in the city. Wonderful date spot; great for a celebration!** The place can get overly loud for a romantic date...
The cinnamon brown butter that comes with the custard French toast will change your life. No lie. The winter citrus and special maple syrup make that dish amazing, but it's the brown butter that pushes it into the Ridiculous category. The bacon is also unlike any you've ever tasted and the Blue Bottle coffee served directly in the French press make this an ideal brunch spot.Also, we were fortunate enough to sit upstairs at a table overlooking the kitchen and bar area, so that just added to the super trendy, eclectic, and casual (at least during Sunday brunch) atmosphere. It was awesome to get to watch all the dishes being fired and plated before they were expedited. Nopa is an amazing "foodie must." Hope we can return for dinner some day.
Going here late at night is the best when its not crowded and you can still get great food when other places have long since closed. I've sat both in the restaurant as well as at the communal table and had great experiences in both areas. Be sure to ignore any pretentious people who come here and embrace the great people from the neighborhood. The flatbread is always a great choice and their entrees are delicious. Especially the chicken, which I normally wouldn't order at a restaurant but at NOPA its a good call. The duck is also very good and definitely worth a try. Don't miss the wine list!
I came here for a late dinner on a Saturday night. I ordered the burger and it was one damn juicy burger. The meat was juicy and flavorful. I loved the dip that the fries came with, it really got me addicted. My bf had the pork chop and it was perfectly cooked and seasoned. I love how flavorful everything was. We ended our meal with the sopapillas which were really good even without dipping it into the caramel sauce. The service was great, food was good, and we both left with a food coma that night.
This is by far my favorite restaurant. Ever. The goat cheese crustini appetizer is AMAZING and the bartender makes these flawless amaretto sours...the food that I order here is the best of that food that I've ever eaten. I've dined at many restaurants that are michelin star and this one just takes the cake. It's so effortless in both it's atmosphere and the quality of the food there as well. It's comfortable, chic, fresh and tasty. Absolutely the best.
I learned a few English words at this fashionable restaurant which makes it easy to check out people through mirror. "F***! Mussels are hella good!!."
When I was younger, hotter, dumber, less confident...I could definitely see myself scamming on the fine ladies by the COOL bar at Nopa. The exchange usually went something like this:Me: SupHottie: HiMe: What cha got there, white zin?Hottie: YepMe: Uh, that's cool.Hottie: (annoyed) Can I HELP you?Me: Yeah, I'm just curious, what's that alluring fragrance you're wearing, a splash of Jean Nate perhaps? Hottie: Leave me alone.Me: Uh, ok. Sometimes, it's HARD work being a PIMP. You have to pay extra for the sides at Nopa. 3 stars.
Went back a couple of months ago. Had to wait a while for a seat at the bar, but the kumquat caipirinha helped. I had the duck, which was yummy with kind of a Mediterranean type of sauce, again more kumquats (my grandmother had a kumquat tree, but she couldn't do anything like this with them). I think I had a bourbon rocks too, though I forget which one, there are sooooo many!
Phenomenal place. A little bit too "nice" for the neighborhood, but what the hell, we need something upscale around here. The food is great, the cocktails top notch, and the french fries to die for. My only beef is that, strictly speaking, NoPa starts west of Baker. This neighborhood is DivCo!  Also, someone needs to seed a rumor in the Marina that this is a terrible place where you might get killed.
The many reasons why NOPA is incredibly over-rated:1) Long-wait, incompetent service from several waitresses2) HORRENDOUS DRINKS** This should really be a warning to you all: If you get any of the "fancy" drinks like The Bitter End, Mojito w Champagne, etc WATCH to see who makes it. NOPA has been responsible for the worst mojito I've ever had in my life-- there are definitely 2 bartenders there consistently who suck a fatty.3) Mediocre foodWhy is this place a top 100 restaurant again???
NOPA is near enough to where I work that we go there fairly frequently for a glass of wine (or three) and some apps. The place is a wonderful addition to the neighborhood. First of all, the space is open, relaxed and inviting. If local legend is correct, it used to be a bank, and the two-story + interior and period detailing suggest that the legend is correct. There's a great big long communal table right in front, and its a great place to grab some food, chat with friends, and maybe meet some new people.The wine list is well put together -- not too expensive (and a fair markup) with some interesting, even unusual choices. The sommelier is good at finding interesting, reasonable, old world wines. The mixed drink list has some fun items and unusual combinations, and they are roundly terrific. I'm a fan of the Sazerak (rye, bitters and Pernod) and the Dark & Stormy (rum, ginger beer and lime). And they have seasonal choices too (right now its a series of three mixed drinks made with Brazilian Cachaca - which is like a rum without the oak). Fun to explore.The dinner menu includes a number of bits that go well with the wine and drinks, and that work well as shared items. The marinated olives come warm, in an oil scented with orange zest. Addictive! The lamb rib-lets with coriander, harissa, mint and lime are also quite good. And as others have commented (Ha), the flat-bread is really tasty. Also, the burger - while small -- is made from grass-fed beef and pickled onions and is quite good. And the fries come with a dipping sauce that's made from feta and roasted red peppers that seems to result in the fries disappearing quite quickly.So check it out. It's a great place to unwind after a long day. And say hello if you see me there, as you often will.
Really bad bartender attitude. i got a pisco sour, it tasted like a mocktail - no alcohol whatsoever. for my 2nd drink I asked him to make it a little strong. The dude shrugged, made a face and said "the cocktail has too much sugar, thats' why you can't taste alcohol". I was like, I have lived in Peru - and pisco sours are STRONG drinks. my 2nd drink was even more watered down. I won't be going here again.
I am too poor and impatient to pay for and wait to eat at NOPA, but I've made very good use of their wonderful bar. I have to say their bartenders are great, as in great freaking cocktails, and damn good mind-readers. I was extra annoying one night and asked for something really good, different, and with gin. And I think her name was Pearl, or Jade, or some other jewel, made me one of the best cocktails even though it had basil leaf floaters. I know. but it was good. This is a good restaurant bar. Extremely well stocked : on the shelves and bartenders with knowledge and skills, the latter's harder to come by in these particular corners.
I've had dinner at NOPA a few times. The food is fairly good... but the things that make this place cool are:1. The atmosphere. What a great space!  2. The bar. Great set-up, unique and different drinks, great bartenders (the guy that was there last night at opening time was awesome!)3. The staff. Always friendly, always helpful, know their stuff about wines on the menu. 4. Location. When you want something besides sushi (YAY Tsunami!), It's great to have an upscale place to go in the 'hood.5. The bar. Yes. I know I mentioned it before. But it's worth repeating.That is all.
Love, love, love this place....the bartenders here are so friendly, knowledgeable and just add to the overall ambiance. There is LOTS going on, from the busy dining room, bar filled with either dinner folks willing to wait 2 hours for a table or just wanting to grab a drink and their open kitchen. Drinks are sublime and thoughtful, even if you order something standard that is not on their cocktail list. Oh and if you enjoy scotch, you should try the Blood and Orange....I myself, don't enjoy the taste of scotch but this drink was pretty tasty. Ok...on to the food, because the food is amazing. I have never had a bad meal here, granted only visited this restaurant three times but I don't live in the city so that should say something....last night, we had flatbread, half w/bacon for my meat eating companion, and just the right amount of cheese and radicchio. Next we had their dungeness crab with grilled bread, yup at this point we realized we ordered too many carbs upfront. I was getting stuffed before we even had the chance to enjoy that first melt in your mouth bite of the black cod. And the wonderful maitake mushroom sauce that was paired wonderfully with a complimentary taste of some pretty rose looking wine. Ended our fabulous meal with sopaipillas, which topped my list of donuts, its not even a donut....they describe it as one but omg, its like a soft churro tasting pillow with orange caramel that you pour into one of the corners, oh yummy! I would almost just go for that dessert and a cocktail...who's kidding everything is good, why limit myself!
stupid name. great restaurant.get the pork chop. share some fries. have some cocktails. go home happy.
NOPA is such a pretty restaurant. I like pretty things.The food was good, if not too much. I had the tagine, which filled me up - almost too full! Boy had the albacore tuna starter, which he said he will have dreams about forever - I guess that means it was really good. He also had the rotisserie chicken, which was very undercooked. He couldn't really even eat it, although he liked the skin and the seasoning. We met up with a friend after dinner and she immediately asked if his chicken was undercooked, so we figured that's just their way of cooking it...? Minus a star for the too-pink meat.Great bar with a huge drink selection! Really friendly service and hostesses -- I love when restaurants offer coat checks. We ate downstairs, which was a bit noisy. The upstairs is really cool and much quieter. All in all, I'll be going back. Definitely for drinks and appetizers. I had my eye on the white bean with feta starter...
We've been coming to Nopa for 3 years, usually when we're in town for Rhone Rangers. The food is always fantastic as is the service even though they're always crowded. I appreciate servers who actually know what they're serving and the where they ingredients come from. My husband broke his 25 year no red meat fast with a grass-fed burger after learning it was from Marin Sun - and he was not disappointed. Absolute perfection, not greasy, perfect texture and surprisingly enough he didn't feel weighed down afterwards. Love the creative cocktail list myself and the focus on local, seasonal ingredients.
to be perfectly honest.. this place kind of sucks! the waiters take forever to get to you and the menu is really not even understandable! I ordered the chicken and it was pretty bland..and my boyfriend ordered the fish.. he liked it but it came in such a tiny portion.. come on seriously? we came for dinner and they gave him an appetizer! LOL! this place is huge and packed with vegetarians! no offense, but its a good place for non-meat lovers! and price? way overpriced! let me buy some raw chicken.. pop it in the oven.. throw some water on it and bake it with some oregano! same difference! 2stars!
This is one of the coolest places I've been in SF! I ordered the pork chop, which was recommended to me by many Yelpers, and I must say it was amazing. It almost tasted like bacon. It was pork it one of its best states!! W also got the goat cheese crostini along with the flatbread pizza appetizer. The atmosphere is amazing. We sat upstairs, overlooking the kitchen. Downstairs, they have big communal tables if you want to meet your fellow dinners! I will definitely return!!!
907 reviews damn! Still I felt inclined to drop my couple cents:NOPA is slang for "north of the pan-handle", an area which has been slowly evolving the past few years from a rather desolate and dirty half-forgotten homeless strip of the city with a couple locals bars and some mediocre restaurants to being a destination in itself (it's not quite there yet - but it's getting there...)The large space, with 25 foot ceilings, polished concrete floors and trussed beams used to be an old bank. It's one of those places that is a brilliant mix of ideas come to life. It's been there less than two years and is already a local favorite. A large table up front and long bar make it a great place to congregate and mingle with the egalitarian mix of patrons. An upstairs balcony offers a quieter more formal dining experience. I've found myself at Nopa on several occasions and have always had a good time. It's hard to find a better meeting place. It's floor configuration caters magnificently to a variety of agendas.Agenda #1It's great place to begin an evening socializing with friends by knocking back a few cocktails and maybe a couple appetizers. With an impressive list of spirits and some inventive specialty cocktails, it's a worthwhile destination for the booze alone.Agenda #2It's an upscale trendy restaurant with a great menu, lively atmosphere compliemnted by an extensive wine list and great list of appetizers and entrees. Agenda #3Here's the agenda that makes Nopa really stand out: This place is open until 1AM! It's classy end to an evening of boozing by topping off a evening of indulgence with more indulgence: Maybe some warm baked goat cheese crudites, warm marinated olives, followed by a rich chocolate torte with lapsang souchong ganache - damn that shit was good. No need to go on and on - it's all been said in a million other reviews...this place kicks ass. Watch out on a Friday or Saturday evening though - you're likely gonna have to wait around a bit - the bar is packed soon after the typical work day ends so get yee there early - or really late - otherwise you might be standing around thirsty and frustrated for a long time...
Rustic, fresh California cooking and a drink menu you may need a alcohol dictionary to understand both add up to a fantastic dining experience. This place keeps it natural and real. I had the Lock (drink), the trout, and the parfait for dessert and all were excellent!
I'm so lucky to live next to the place that serves my favorite beverage the best - a ginger beer shandy with bergamot.p.s. they i've also had the best pork chops ever here.
best burger ive ever had in my life. Hands down.
Wish I could do 4.5I'll keep it short since I'm in the 900s on reviews!1 - Loved the food. Portions are a little random on size - some are large and others are more 'fine dining' but you still get a good amount of food overall. Quality and style is just flat-out great. Love the flatbread.2 - Drinks are so creative - the passion and care put into developing them is fantastic. Makes me wish I was more of a drunk!3 - Gotta get there very early or very late. Sorry, but tis true. Otherwise, plan on waiting a while...Looking forward to going back soon!
I thoroughly enjoyed myself at NOPA. The only trouble we had was getting a seat even with a reservation. This meant that we had to go straight to the bar which is no great hardship. We started off with some California wine as recommended by the sommelier. He was friendly, knowledgeable and didnt try to push us out of our price bracket. The starters were great to look at. The flat bread requires particular note as does the calamari. The mains were equally good, with our various meats well cooked and juicy. I would recommend booking the upstairs level if possible as it has a much cooler view of the restaurant than the downstairs, but it is warmer so might be worth avoiding in summer.I'd have given five stars if we'd be sat within 15 minutes of our reservation time...
I love this place! The first time I ate there I was at the bar in front of the oven, and saw all of the food as it was being plated. I couldn't decide WHAT to order, since everything is so freaking good. The owner/chef who was finishing the plating before the food went to the tables told me and my friend about everything on the menu and I settled on the pork chop of my main entree. I don't even EAT PORK. Holy cow, I mean pig, is was fabulous. Every single time I go there I just want to go back to try what I haven't had yet. Their drinks are fabulous - I love whiskey, scotch, bourbon drinks, and they do so many renditions of drinks with my alcohol of choice. Typically I end up ordering a manhattan or a old fashioned since there aren't many restaurants that have original drinks containing whiskey (or some derivative of it anyway). I can not wait until my sister comes to visit me next month, as we are both total foodies -I am whisking her straight to NOPA. They have the best burger in the city. The only drawback for me is no reservations, and often such a long wait that I end up leaving and eating else where - which has expanded my dining experience on Divisadero, but when you have your heart set on the best burger in town.....
I've been here about 4 times!! Everytime has been delicious... yummy to the tummy!!! Flatbread, goat cheese with the heirloom tomatoes... heaven! Then it's the porkchops, and Lamb Shanks... sides the brussles.. dessert.. chocolate pudding... with espresso. We even had wine and it did not dents our walets. I like that they keep the prices reasonable. If you're on a date, asked to be seated on the mezzanie level it's perfect viewing and you can look down at the bar and people watch. Good note to have is that the kitchen is open everynight till 1:00 AM. Not bad for a late night snack! We had our reservations at 9:45pm. Was a bit early so we had a drink at Madrone. Parking can be rough if there's a concert at the Independant!! So be warned.
Casually refined, effortlessly cool, great stopping in NOPA this week. Doing so with Nish means giving way to the cavalcade of cheering that follows the man around, but true to his word, I found NOPA to be absolutely charming. Attentive, stealthy bar staff, fantastic liquid refreshment selection, and plenty of infectious smiles all around. I'd high five myself right now about NOPA if that didn't constitute clapping. On second thought, go ahead. Clap. NOPA's got it coming.
This is one of those places that I simply feel silly writing a review about it. Nopa is simply amazing. There is an elevated easiness about the place and you just feel pampered once at your table. The waiters were polite, not pushy, and there whenever we needed. They also seems to keep our glasses full of water without disturbing us. Four of my friends and I decided to go on to Nopa for brunch a whim and we were, to our surprise, seated right away. Upon looking at the menu we could not decide so our waitress described exactly how our food was made and where it came from. She also said that she couldn't pick which item was better so it depended on what we were looking for...sweet or savory. I must say the sausage we chose was more than divine. Nopa is my new favorite restaurant and I hope to go back for a nice dinner out in the near future.
I truly believe this is one of the hippest, most comfortable, high quality restaurants the city. I have been here at handful of times and the place always impresses. Come here at 6pm or at 11pm... The place is consistently packed with a diverse urban crowd. NOPA's menu evolves all the time, so your food choices are always fresh, unique, and interesting. The same goes for their bar menu. Each drink was a sophisticated arrangement of body and flavor. NOPA really is an outstanding place. -Come here for the food, come here for the drinks, and come here for the atmosphere. You will wowed on all fronts!
We love to try restaurants that are new to us. We came to NOPA based on reviews, etc., and since we were on vacation, we got reservations for what had been touted as great restaurants in San Francisco. NOPA was a disappointment. Our server seemed cold, distant, and automated. We asked for suggestions and she gave us weird blank stares and monosyllabic responses. She warmed up a bit as the meal progressed, but I didn't think being a server in a highly rated restaurant was a frosty "let's get to know each other - break the ice - warm you up sort of thing." I thought (perhaps mistakenly) that we were supposed to be welcomed. The food was satisfactory, but really not as good as I have had elsewhere and really not as good as home cooking. We knew better than to order the chop, we get ours from a small family farm here in the Willamette Valley. Can't do any better, so we opted for other options. Nothing spectacular, though, and we won't be back. If you want some great, really great food in San Francisco, go to Parada 22 on Haight. You'll drop much less coin and leave feeling much more connected to a wonderful family-owned restaurant along with experiencing some amazing Puerto Rican cuisine.
The porkchop was very tasty. The place was so busy and we had to wait a few hours, but we kept ourselves busy by walking to the panhandle. Overall a place I would go back to.
You need reservations. Trendy crowd. Great eats. Poor wine list..for the affordable wines..especailly for being IN California). The Arugula salad and Rotisserie Chicken were Yum. I would totally go back!
When you go to a place as popular as NOPA it's always impressive when the staff goes out of their way to make your experience worthy of well, a five star review.In my case, it was making my birthday dinner extra special. Who would have thought a birthday candle in the sorbet trio would feel so good?! What made it awesome was he overheard my husband say, "no you choose, it's your birthday," when we were struggling to pick which appetizer to share. Nice work Joel. We actually ended up ordering dinner drinks--late harvest chardonnay & port-- and then coffee because we truly were having a great time. Five star food--especially the pork chop & "The Lock" cocktail.Five star service.Come with a reservation, or be prepared to stand with a cocktail while you pine over one of the comfy coveted yellow bar stools.
One-night stand...We had a good time last night at NOPA but I don't feel like going back. Does that ever happen to you too?The service was pretty good and the food was ok to good but not very inspired. It's a very big place (it's actually kind of cool looking) and there is a very varied crowd. It's also very loud.We followed some yelper's suggestions and had the beans as a first course. Didn't do anything for us. However I also ordered the pimentos and that was interesting and really good (not spicy). The sardine appetizer didn't blow me away.For the main course, I had the rotisserie chicken because the waitress recommended it strongly. It was really good, but we should have shared it because it's so big. Josh's ribeye was not great.Not to be missed however are the frites.Finally, we recommend the mint cucumber granite/ice cream dessert.The wine list is at a moderate price range. I had a glass of rose sparkling wine from Alsace and it was $8. However, they killed us with the corkage fee: $20. For a place like this, I think it is excessive.
Came here for a really late dinner. BTW, I love how it's open until 1am every day! We were seated immediately and placed on the upper level with a great view of the bustling kitchen and restaurant below. The layout (and now that I think about it, even the menu) is very similar to Salt House in SoMA, except NOPA is significantly larger. The place was poppin' even at 11pm on a Tuesday night! Anyway, we started out with a simple amuse bouche: some baked bread and feta cheese and two glasses of Pinot Noir each. I had the Baked Pasta, House Smoked Bacon, Cauliflower, Kale, Cream and Parmesan and it was the perfect portion and was not too salty. The service was impeccable; the waiter was attentive and very accommodating when the guy I was with accidentally slapped his wine glass as the contents spilled and shattered to the floor *rolls eyes*. But I guess that didn't stop us from ordering a glass of the Port wine. We rounded everything out with the churros and spiced hot chocolate for dessert -- and they tasted just like the stuff you buy in Spain. Muy bien!
Fun atmosphere, attentive & friendly staff, decent food. Why only 3 stars? After consulting the sommelier, we were served the most disgusting wine I've ever had. My only thought is that they need to get rid of it.  It seriously almost ruined the whole experience.
Potentially 4.5 but I have only gone here once. FOOD: great yet limited selection. had the sardines and flatbread for appetizers, mains was the pork chop and vegetable special. all were 5 stars except for maybe the veggie dish. sardines were really good and fresh and the pork shop was one of the softest and juiciest pork chops i have had in my life. WINE: now THIS is a great wine list, might not be as extensive as RN74 or Bacar, but definitely well rounded and has great value bottles. We had a 2002 German Riesling for $62, while not cheap it was certainly a great bottle for the price. They have lots of wine by the glass as well but we did not try that and we actually brought our own bottle of red wine. The glassware was excellent, burg glass for pinot noir, smaller glass for the riesling. Corkage was $20, could be cheaper but not bad. OVERALL: Ambiance was nice, the interior decor was hip and well done. People were a mix of younger people and a few older ones, which is good IMHO. Too many young people sometimes makes the place too rowdy, too many old people makes it boring. The whole experience was more than the sum of its parts. Things just went well together, the food, wine, service, price and ambiance. Very good restaurant and very reasonable price versus quality. If I were to nitpick, food menu could be bigger, but I would still go back there given the chance.
This restaurant was recommended by a friend in the entertainment industry as the "new trendy place in SF". It's located just a block up from the Divisadero Carwash and had a non-descript exterior. In fact, it didn't look like much until we opened the front door and were assaulted by the clamor of a very popular restaurant during prime time.Our friends who invited us didn't think to make a reservation, so we had to wait about an hour for a table. Not too bad as there was just enough room at the bar for us to squeeze in and wait for our other two friends to arrive.Our bartender was quick and attentive as we placed orders from the drink menu. The drink menu was decent and house drinks were creative and interesting, though a bit "too creative" as the flavors didn't always blend well. I had a "pirata", which was a purple tequila concoction that was a bit bitter. Our time at the bar was pleasant, though loud and crowded, as people packed in to wait for tables. If you don't like crowded, noisy restaurants, then stay away; we got here at 6pm and the place was packed until we left at 9pm.After about an hour, we were finally seated on the balcony overlooking the rest of the restaurant. The din from below did filter up to our level and we still had to communicate in a louder-than-normal volume to be heard. Our first negative experience of the evening was the poor service from our waitress. She was either new or just overwhelmed as her efficiency left a lot to be desired. We'd order four drinks, and she'd bring one or two at a time. We ordered our meals, and again, same response. In fact, each time we asked for something, it took two or three trips for it to all finally arrive.We started with drinks and had the flatbread with smoked bacon appetizer and despite how long it took to arrive, the appetizer was wonderful. We then ordered our meals and I must say, my dinner was simply amazing! I had the country pork chop with grilled peaches and olive tapenade. It was about 2" thick, very tender, and grilled to perfection. I figured that they brined the chop, as it was very juicy and a little salty and just a tad bit on the rare side. The smoky flavor was fantastic and I'd definitely order this if I came back here again.My wife had the rotisserie herbed chicken and it was good initially, and then the flavor sort of died. The first bite was great, but then after a few more, it was "just rotisserie chicken"; almost what you'd get at Boston Market. My two friends each had the grass fed hamburger with fries that they thought was really good. We finished our dinner and had dessert...which is our other big complaint for the evening. The waitress gave me the wrong cognac, which she took off the bill (kudos). My wife's espresso with irish cream tasted like it came directly from the refrigerator (which the waitress did nothing about). And my friend had the chocolate semifreddo which came out almost rock solid; again, with no sympathy from our waitress.Overall, the evening started off very well and got steadily worse as the poor service wore on our patience and understanding. I probably wouldn't come back here as it was too noisy, too crowded, and too slow for a great meal at the listed prices (which were somewhat reasonable). If the prices were cheaper, the drinks better, or the wait-staff more attentive, I'd probably give this place another shot.
This place is incredibly busy and well worth going for brunch!the good: the custard french toast, the butter basted eggs with veggies are so good! the meh: the coffee...and also, skip the burger... though the aioli was tasty..i'd say there are so many other wonderful things on the menu that you're better off going with an egg dish
After listening to a co-worker blather on about this spot for months, I finally got a chance to check the place out last night. We arrived 30 min. early for the 9:15 res and sidled up to the bar for a drink while we waited for our table. Imagine my suprise at seeing a former co-worker behind the bar! (Kitty I miss you!) We asked for a wine recommendation, and she produced two glasses of the most amazing red I have had in a very, very long time. Kudos to you, mama! Too bad I didn't think to jot down the name on the bottle for future reference, tho.After 20 min. or so, we were shown our table on the second level. I must say, it was nice to be tucked away from the cacophony downstairs....chairs side by side, we settled in for a getting-to-know you chat. Eventually we settled on the Warren pear salad and warm marinated olives to start, followed by the pork chop and the herb chicken. All of which were equally delish when we stopped talking long enough to actually eat. In short, the wine was divine, the food great, and the company.......well, it always helps to be with good company, doesn't it?UPDATE: Evidently, the two glasses of wine I comsumed drastically impaired my judgement....Nopa was great. I'd go back.....just with someone else : )
Oh, NOPA. I've only just left you and I already miss you SO much. Can we make a date again, please? Not to sound desperate or anything but I really, really like you; like I've never felt before, really. I know you've probably heard that a thousand times and have plenty of other customers that are knocking down your door. But that doesn't matter because I truly feel like we bonded over the shaved asparagus salad, giant beans, flat bread and hamburger. You felt the same, right? Right? Good, now when can we see each other again.
Disregarding the location, that place is hella nice.Spot is well-organized and the menu has all the flavours.You can grab a cup of tea with some desert, as well as have a whole dinner.Bar is lively and crowdy for a reason - 21 yo to 45 yo crowd.P.S. If you look outside, you will sure see a man peeing in a paper cup right next to the Pop Eyes chicken, but who da f8k currs, thats San Francisco ;)
Consistently good...this place is always a safe bet if you want to bring a guest to a trendy SF spot with good food. I love the cocktails...all made with freshly squeezed juices. Their Blood and Sand is my favorite and always consistent, which is a huge plus. The food is great and fresh...roasted chicken, lamb shank, fish...I've tried it all and never been disappointed.
If nothing else, this place has a great San Francisco ambiance. Sophiticated, hip, and unpretentious. I only tried the flatbread pizza because my foodie partner-in-crime Naomi K. and I already had an appetizer earlier in the evening, but the flatbread was really nice. Subtle flavors of olive oil, garlic and a nice fennel sausage. Extensive wine/beer and cocktail list. They serve one of my fave beers, Blanche de Bruxelles. How nice of them to serve complimentary toast points topped with a homemade spread of dates and pinenuts topped with flaky sea salt. Got to share some yummy fries with a very friendly stranger who's a regular at the community table. Can't wait to go back for a full dinner. I hear the burger is excellent.
4.5The food was excellent...I highly recommend the sausage appetizer and the duck w/ mashed potato meal. The flavor of the sausage dish was awesome. The duck was cooked perfectly, tasted great, and the presentation was nice. My husband got the halibut, which he also loved. The ambiance is good. We had to wait a bit even with our reservation, but they made up for it with offering bread and olives as an appetizer on the house. This was my birthday meal from my husband and NOPA made it a very memorable and pleasant experience. **NOTE - For those who are acrophobic (like me) you might not want to sit on the second floor next to the railing.**
We finally returned to NOPA after a long absence, and this time the service was solid. I came with five other people and we were seated shortly after our reservation time. Though he took quite some time to bring our drinks, our waiter was attentive and our food came out quickly (especially considering the size of our group). I cannot recommend enough the goat cheese/beet/crostini appetizer: I could eat this every day, all day! My Pisco sour was also exquisite. I'll definitely be returning in the near future.
I dunno...there's nothing 'wrong' with NOPA, but sometimes the hype is just so overwhelming that its impossible for any place to live up.Space is nice, service was fine. Food, however, was rather bland and lacked any really exciting or unique flavors. My date had the herb chicken, which was basically AN ENTIRE CHICKEN - a large one - on a plate with a single piece of lettuce underneath. Wow. Okay - that's a very generous portion, but how about some effort with the presentation and some sauce or something to spice it up? I tried it and it was very bland and rather dry, and it sort of became a chore for her to feel like she'd made a dent in it. I had a much more appropriately-sized portion of pork chop, which was solid, but not great. I've had better chops.Here's my thing:All you hype-buying, 5-star-givers need to relax and raise your standards a bit. By giving a place like NOPA 5 stars, you're skewing the scale. There are several HUNDRED amazing places to eat in SF and the Bay Area, so let's not be so eager to drop a perfect score on every place you've ever been served a meal.
I have been here many, many times over the last few years. That should say something. :) I have always had a knowledgeable server, good service and excellent food. Thumbs up!
First off, if there were a single thing at this restaurant that was a reason to go there, the roasted, seasoned garbanzo beans that they give you with some dishes are it. These beans were crunchy, spicy and delicious. The only downside is that they don't sell them by themselves, because I was prepared to take a 50lb bag of them home with me.At any rate, given the hype about this place I definitely expecting good food and atmosphere and I was not disappointed. My date and I were seated upstairs (which I feel was a bit quieter and more intimate) immediately despite not having a reservation. One thing I really like about this place (and others like it) is the eclectic variety of cocktails they prepare (think The Alembic or Bourbon and Branch). You certainly can order any of the old standbys, but with the selection here I was enticed to try something off-the-wall and I was pretty happy with it, overall. As for food, I am happy to say that it was all delicious. I don't recall the specific ingredients of our appetizer, but it was awesome and included those amazing garbanzos, a poached egg, and some tasty aioli-type stuff (and some lettuces, etc.). My pork chop was delicious, and my date's pasta was great too. I'm definitely coming back here to see what else they can wow me with.
Burgers - outstandingFlatbread - outstandingPaparadelle - very good, not greatPork chop - greatService - greatOne of the best overall food experiences in SF. In my top 10 for sure.
What is there to say about Nopa that has not already been said in the thousand + reviews on this site. Plenty!For those that don't know NOPA stands for No Parking, and that is exactly what you get in the town of SF. The first time I went to NOPA it literally took me 20 minutes to find a spot. Thankfully the meters shut off at 6pm and NOPA opens at 5pm. I did not realize that the meters shut off until I pumped about $3 into the thing. Oh well, I was about to have one of the finest meals I have had in a long time.If you are going to go to NOPA it is best that you get reservations. There is not a single night of the week that the place is not packed. Thankfully I was by myself so I was able to get a seat, and best of all I got to sit at the chefs table right next to Chef Lawrence!NOPA serves American food with a slight twist here and there. The menu changes everyday which means ingredients are fresh and direct from the grower or farmer in most instances. This evening on the menu they had their world famous flat-bread with bacon and garlic con fit as an appetizer (They smoke their own pork bellies for the bacon). The flat-bread was so good, a toasted crust with the garlic con fit spread on top with bacon and leaks to finish it off. The flat-bread is wood fired so it has a very earthy flavor from the wood and some of the leaks were crispy due to the intense heat of the oven. To say it was earth moving is an understatement. Sometimes I truly believe that God gave us good food so we can have a little taste of heaven here on earth.The next course I had a tough decision to make. I could either go with their rotisserie chicken, or their center cut pork chop. I figured I would be back another time so I kept with the tasty pig theme I was building on from the first course and went with the pork chop. Let me just say that despite what your mother told you pork chops were meant to be cooked medium rare and treated with very little seasoning. Chef Lawrence brines these bone in chops and seasons them lightly before they go on the wood fired grill (I could say wood fired all day long, yes I am a man that loves his fire and meat). When the chop came out to me it was cooked perfect. Glistening with a dribble of olive oil over the top and garnished with cherry tomatoes and cooked greens. My knife went into the first cut and the inside was juicy and tender with a great flavor from the grill. I savored every bite and when I got to the bone Chef Lawrence looked over at me and said, "Grabbing the bone and finishing off the chop here is looked upon as a right of passage". That is all I needed to hear.Even though I was completely stuffed Chef Lawrence told me that I had to try the Sopapillas and honey butter. I am usually not a dessert guy but I am from Arizona desert so I do love a good Sopapilla (Sopes). The ones at NOPA are a little different than I am use to. The Sopes are made from cake donut batter instead of a traditional dough but that did not make them any less good. Sopes have a pocket in the middle where you put the honey butter. You take a bite of an end since they are square shaped, and fill that bad boy up with the bee nectar. It can get a little messy but man they were tasty. The couple next to me were commenting on how good they were so I had to let them have a couple. Good food is meant to be shared so everyone can share in what God has blessed us with.This meal was amazing, and Chef Lawrence is a great guy on top of that. He truly loves serving people and it comes through loud and clear in his food.If you are ever in San Fran you have to stop by this place it is a true treat.*I have been back since and had the Braised Duck Legs and Mushroom Risotto, I wanted to cry the dish was so rich and good.
Pork chop. Get it. It's delicious. If you're looking for a place to go to make a night out of it, NOPA is your spot. Open late and packed until the wee hours, the food and the atmosphere will not let you down.We went for a birthday dinner and started with the flatbread with bacon and caramelized onions and the goat cheese app. Both were enjoyable, though I preferred the flatbread (I love carbs). Like I said up front, get the pork chop. My bf and the birthday girl got the burger and my friend's hubby and I got the pork chop. Not that I'm competitive or anything, BUT the pork chop won. We finished the meal with the sopaipillas with honey butter goodness. The wine list has a list for every type of person, from reasonably priced wines to holy crap I am drinking pure gold.I love NOPA and I will definitely be back. *I took away a star because they made us wait for 20 minutes before we were seated even though we had a reso. Not a big deal b/c we got a seat at the big wooden table and ordered a bottle of vino.
This place is such an SF gem. First of all, the ambiance is sooo amazing. You're dining in a big loft with an open kitchen in the back and a full bar against the wall. All the waiters are so nice and friendly you don't mind quizzing them about the drink menu like I did. Us alcoholics had almost ever drink on the menu. I must say they are all wonderful, some are extremely potent *beware*. They come in all different colors and sizes. Before we knew it, our table looked like a alchemy experiment of alcoholic yumminess. but the best is the blue bottle coffee martini...no contest. I crave this drink day and night and rave about it to everyone I know.Foodwise. We've tried the porkchop that comes out as a place of perfection. It's so tender it's like steak. My date couldn't stop stealing it off my plate. The burger with Gruyere cheese is also really really tasty. I'm not big on burgers (I'm sorry!) but even I thought it was delicious. It's slightly smaller in size so it didn't really fill up the tummies of the big boys but worked perfectly for the girlies I was with. The duck leg dish(cant remember the full name) was good. duck was piece-y, which is the way i like it. flavorful but not too salty. I also had the honor of trying their short rib which was so moist and so tender it fell off the bone. No knife needed!This place is just too cool. Everything from the lighting to the communial table that's perfect for a birthday bash and large windows... and the tables on the balcony which sit right over the kitchen so you can watch your food getting prepared. 1 star for the coffee martini, which i would die for many times over1 star for the authetic SF neighborhoodie feeling1 star for the friendly and knowledgable staff1 star for the large portion, fill-your-tummy, feel-good foodoh they don't take reservations if you call before 3pm, God knows why.and the menu is somewhat limited so careful if you are vegetarian.
Yet another favorable review for NOPA. Excellent snacks at the bar [the duck was amazing], an amazing selection of alcohol including a very very good wheat beer. The food was also amazing [to keep using the word].... possibly the best swordfish I have ever had and really good lamb as well. Desserts were also quite good. Food may no necessarily overly creative but it is executed very well.
stopped by late on a thursday with a friend just for dessert and cocktails....while the drinks were delish and refreshing, the dessert was small and left us wanting more!!ended up ordering the flat bread also after seeing it come out of the kitchen,was happy sitting and watching the kitchen work from the barstools in front of the expocant wait to go back for a full meal!
Came here with friends. Service is still amazing. They didn't have my fav dish anymore though... Red wine braised calamari. Chef are you reading this? Bring this dish back!!! Yummy flat bread though and excellent salad with pluot, almonds, and blue cheese vinegarette.Parking sucks. Where's Valet?!?!
delish cocktails, fresh dishes (I had the chicken - friends ordered duck, porck chop) ordered a couple apps - warm goat cheese and a flat bread with fennel sausage. staff is comfortable, kind, helpful.. even suggested hot mint tea as I needed something to ease a sore throat. you know a dining establishment is GREAT when the earliest reservation (made weeks in advance) is 9:15pm AND when you are exiting around midnight.. the place is STILL busy and people are STILL being seated! NOPA is top notch in San Francisco!
Amazing service & food. I had an out-of-town guest and we made reservations via OpenTable. Unfortunately I made a mistake and booked the wrong date, which we only uncovered during check-in process. Restaurant hostess was super-understanding and was able to seat us within 5 minutes. The food we ordered was yummy - every bite worth savoring. Make sure to check out mixed drinks. Superb! Also great service - neither hovering over you nor abandoning you forever, just right. I definitely will return!
Really solid place. The atmosphere is good, with high ceilings, dark wood, a good bar area, and an open feeling that combines modern and rustic. The service was really good- our waiter answered all our questions and thensome and was able to provide really good wine suggestions. We had some amazing artichoke appetizer and the veggies were totally fresh and well seasoned. I did see one of the flatbreads go by and was regretting we didn't order that- it looked and smelled awsome. For my entree I had the morrocon stew-type veggie meal, which was good (but not totally amazing). Everyone I came with was really happy with their meals, and I'd definitely come back for more!
I have to explain to you something, yelp. NOPA is one of those rare breeds. One of those restaurants that just make you feel like your soul is swimming in a vat of honey wine. The food is always excellent. Well executed, tasty, and comforting (in an ungreasy, un"god i need an antacid" kind of way). The chefs are jovial and chatty while the servers are knowledgeable, smooth, and kinda sexy, i'll admit. My first trip to NOPA, my dear friend B and I lucked out and got seated at the chef's bench. Plate after plate the chef recommended and brought out to us. My next time at NOPA, I went and had drinks at the bar with a different friend. Such a chill, relaxing atmosphere. Conversation twirls around you and everyone is just happy to be in the cozy confines of the bars solid wooden hallway.Most recently, I went to dinner, there were four of us. My first time having squab. With roasted grapes. It was amazing. Also, the waiter who was adorable and my friend made me childishly leave my number on a napkin on the table as we left the restaurant for (note to adorable waiter: please excuse my seemingly juvenile behavior. i promise i'm only half as lame as you thought i was at the time.), was great about recommendations, pairings, and the like. He was patient as our table had some indecisive members and encouraging of any and all questions. I love NOPA. However, post my note-leaving glory, I have now placed a self-ban on NOPA for myself. It saddens me to even think of it. Especially as the flatbread calls my name at least once or twice a month. Heartbreak.
Not a fan. I got the pork loin and it was fatty and lacked flavor. Also the service was off. I want to give this place another shot, but first time around I was expecting much more for my money
I came here tonight with a large group for a birthday dinner. We were seated upstairs in a nice, private corner, and while the noise level wasn't too high, the temperature was rather warm. Service was pretty attentive and consistent throughout the evening.I got to try a lot of different dishes since there were so many of us: warm olives, warm goat cheese crostini w/ beets, french fries with feta-red pepper dipping sauce, flat bread pizza, baked white beans, and lastly, the vegetable tagine, which to my surprise, was the BEST entree of all (it came with some interesting vegetables, such as brussle sprouts and parsnips, but the sauce was sooo good!) Someone ordered the grass-fed hamburger and really enjoyed that, too. The majority of their cocktails weren't really my style, but I ordered the old cuban, which was a lovely shade of lime green & pretty tasty. BF ordered the blue bottle martini, which turned out to be the winner...everybody who tired it ended up ordering one of their own (think delicious, slightly sweetened, alcoholic iced coffee!)Overall, I wasn't t all that blown away by NOPA like so many other folks seem to have been, but I do think that the food was a good value for the price. Portions were sizable, which came as a surprise to me...I would've totally taken this as a "small plate" place...the fries, especially, were a large serving, probably enough for three or four people to share, and the flat bread pizza was an equally generous plate. I felt like we almost over-ordered, in fact, as we ended up walking out with a doggie bag.
Since there were no signs on the outside of the restaurant that confirms that the restaurant you're standing in front of is in fact NOPA, it might be kind of hard to find for some people. I loved the restaurant arrangement, decor, and was surprised to see a rather ecclectic group of diners ranging in age and ethnicity. Service was amazing and we never had to ask for anything. The food was substandard, unfortunately. I had higher expectations of the food, but we still ate everything on our plates. It wasn't horrid by any means. The pasta sauce was just a bit tart and watery for my taste, but i think that they make it that way in italy as well by adding a little pasta water to the sauce. The lamb in the dish was very tender which i liked. The french fries with red-pepper feta dip was good and came in a huge basket that could be a meal in itself. The duck confit was good, but not over-the-top. I really liked the big caramelized pearl onions that come with it. I would come back and trye again.Food: 3Ambiance: 3.5 (it's really loud inside)Service: 5Overall: 3.5
This is a great restaurant. It has a really cool atmosphere and the staff are good people. The food is outstanding and they are open late.I'm in my mid 40's but feel younger when I'm hanging out at NOPA.
Usually it's coming, it's just a part of weekend dining.One of the following dinner-preceeding situations emerges:1) You catch a late movie2) You wait for your pal(s) to get out of work circa 11PM3) You know that even though your eating habits have been normal, you had dinner and you've only had one drink, you're still hungry as hell.NOPA is a gem in all these situations, especially when you're not especially looking forward to the late night greasy pizza place.Of course the late night open status would probably mean little if this place didn't have excellent food. The burgers are pretty amazing and very flavorful. I don't think I put mine down during the duration of the meal. The atmosphere and lighting are great as well. It can be busy but you never get the feeling that your covnersation might be intruded on or overheard by undesirable parties. Even if you're not hungry you'll find yourself hard pressed to avoid trying some of the things on the menu as they all look great. If you're taking out someone who isn't from the City, they'll be impressed.Given all these things, you may not be too disappointed spending your night here.
As has been pretty well established here, this place is great. Came on a Tuesday night for my gf's bday and the place was packed. Restaurant had a nice vibe to it and was a really cool space.Staff was friendly and we got taken to our seat right away. To start we had bacon flatbread and some sort of white bean casserole type dish. Both were fantastic.My girlfriend had the duck (menu changes every day) and I had the burger. The duck was amazing and the burger was only ok. I had really high expectations for it after reading all about it on Yelp, but I wouldn't go out of my way to order it. The fries were a little salty for me..For dessert had chocolate cake and sopapillas. Both were delicious...
I really enjoyed this place. Food, service, and atmosphere were all just right for having a good time and satisfying my appetite for some truly tasty dishes.We had a table for 4 on a Friday night. Came early and still managed to get seated early. The noise level was a little loud due to the huge crowd in the bar area. There is a glass divider between the bar and dining area but the restuarant has like 30' ceilings and the sound travels over. The sound was like a large cafeteria. If the place wasn't packed to the rafters it would certianly be a non-issue though..... Try a week night maybe.The great service completely made up for this small quibble. Our server was excellent. We started off with several drinks as we usually do, and Nopa has a pretty funky cocktail menu. Our server was able to give the low-down on all the special liquors and then use her psychic abilities to tell us exactly what we wanted to drink. The food was perfect Friday night with friends and drinks food. In particular, the lamb appetizer was perfectly flavored. I'm usually picky about my lamb and this was right-on.Overall 4 stars. minus 1 start for the accoustics.
Cool environment and use of space. The upstairs is a wee bit smokey from the kitchen. All and all a good dinner but I wasn't wowed... We walked in without a reservation and sat at a table for far too long, but staff was quite pleasant about it...
huge fan of nopa and have been there two years in a row for a small birthday dinner with friends. great artisanal drinks and delicious tapas-style dishes, it's a fantastic place to go for an enjoyable evening. the only reason i wouldn't give it 5 stars is the noise level, although admittedly, i'm not sure how they can minimize it given the style of construction and building materials. still, i love nopa and highly recommend it.
Once I got past the honestly surly, underdressed, and probably overworked hostesses, this restaurant proved quite impressive and lived up to its reputation. How on earth a huge restaurant can be PACKED at 11:30 on a Monday night in San Francisco is beyond me. Maybe it was because it was the Winter Solstice. I don't know. Or maybe because this place is just damn fun, has amazing food, or has a semblance of what in larger cities would be called a "scene." Or maybe it was because I had too much Hendrick's. I was seated in the balcony overlooking the kitchen and felt like I was in some sort of food arena, but it was fine. Despite the size and number of people, it wasn't loud at all, which was really surprising. The food was fantastic and the service was STELLAR and worked like clockwork. Napkins replaced whilst smoking. Plates held until re-seated. Silent runners and bussers. Correct utensils set in advance.  What? Am I in San Francisco? The staff having to wear brown shirts was strangely silly and while they were clearly interesting, unique individuals whose company I would surely enjoy and definitely knew their shit, they all kind of looked a tad sloppy and casual. I get it - this is SF, but comb your hair.This huge place is really well-run. Had a fantastic time and will come by anytime. Reservations a must.
In the ever growing ways in which I am trying to improve myself, a late-night consisting of inebriated consumption of fast-food is near the top. Now at NOPA I can consume upscale food after a long night of drinking. Thaks NOPA!!!We didn't enter til close to 11 and were surprised to see how busy it was. The place was hopping. The other pleasant suprise was how nice it was to be in a late night eatery where it didn't look like most of the patrons were trying keep their food and alcohol down. Service was fantastic from the hostess to the waitress to the busboys etc... The food was spot-on, but nothing mind blowing. I am happy to see a trend in late-night upscale establishments and would have no problem returning to NOPA on numerous occasions.
Ambiance was spot on! Could certainly envision many a date night here. We got what I thought was the best table in the house, on the corner of balcony, over looking all the action.The portions were generous... The squid salad we split was divine, but my entree (the roast chicken) and my honey' entree (the lamb) had "interesting" flavors that surprised me. Eh. I did, however, regret that I didn't order that fine looking cheeseburger. I'd go back to give this a try - or for a late night nice meal, or just a quick drink on the way out elsewhere.
Enjoyed the blood orange tart with a bitters martini. Crowded, but great atmosphere.
After four days of greedy, self-serving birthday celebrations it's time to give back to the community and do some reviewing.....Therefore: B-day dinner #1: NOPAObviously, tragically hip, but also comfortable and relaxed. I love high ceilings and open rafters (theatre talks), so I felt right at home.The food is good. Not earth-shattering, but very yummy. Little Fried Fish are a nice take on greasy bar-fare. The chorizo overwhelmed the Calamari in another appetizer combo, but it was darn good chorizo, so who cares.The rabbit entree was succulent, tender and comforting, just like dead bunny should be. I think we had dessert too, but by that time I was plenty tipsy and my mind was occupied by the rest of the evening's entertainment, so I can't vouch for it.The service was a tad lackadaisical and I find the communal sinks outside the bathroom a tad odd, but otherwise, 3 1/2 happy birthday to me stars.
This is always a nice little late night treat. I wish I could give it a 4.5 to make it stick out from the rest of the 4 star crowd. I save my 5 stars for food made for the gods though so it's stuck with a 4 star. It's crazy crowded before 10 or 11 but if you can hold out until after that you'll be pleased. They always start off with a little snack that I always wish was on the menu. Last time it was hummus made with fresh garbanzo beans (which made it green and tasty). This chef is well-known and spectacular. He chooses his ingredients carefully, making everything really good. The wines are amazing as well, my mouth just watered a little. As for this Hip crowd, everyone seems threatened by, just go later in the evening and you'll have to more to yourself. Or, stop worrying about other people and focus on yourself, the friends your with, and the tasty tasty food.
took my lil sis here and i think it was a good introduction to how aggressive you need to be to live in a city. (and i realize i am using that liberally, cause new yorkers would seriously whip our soft asses, but i digress) be prepared to STALK. cause w/out a reservation the wait is like 2 hours. 2 hours is RIDICULOUS. there are way better restuarants in the city and you still don't have to wait that long. i think it's a testament to the fact that this hood needs more food options. while we were waiting for our couple to leave, marina boy and his cute blonde girlfriend try to move in on our couple. i had to stop them. when i casually asked if they were stalking the same couple as us, and marina boy & girl laughed blithely. um, ya, i'm not sure what's funny. is that a nervous tic? when i mentioned that we had been there a lot longer than they had marina boy looks at me and asks, so, what's the etiquette on that? what's the etiquette? are you fucking kidding me? um, the etiquette marina boy, is that it's FIRST come, FIRST serve. WTF? apparently i scared them tho, cause they moved off. ok, so, once we finally sat we both ordered a glass of wine--the pours were kind of sad, which i HATE. if it's $9 a glass, you need to give me a real pour. come on. plus it's just bad karma for you mr bartender. they redeemed themselves a bit with a really tasty broccoli flatbread with onions and pecorino. this was probably the highlight of the meal, and the portion size was terrific. we also shared the pork chop, which is huge and super juicy with a nice smoky flavor. it lost points for being rather fatty, and honestly it still didn't compare to the lovely pork chop at foreign cinema. also have to dock points for its rather meager side of wilted cabbage and few roasted potatoes that seemed as though they had been sitting under a heat lamp for a while. that's because they want you to order your the "real" veggies on the side. and pay another $8 for them. if i'm paying over $20 for an entree, i shouldn't have to get extra veggies on the side. i just shouldn't. i am so tired of hotspots trying to pull this kind of crap. for dessert we split the sopapillas, kind of like beignets, but smaller, and more dense. basically the same idea tho, fried dough. they came with a carmel citrus sauce. again, eh. not bad, not amazing. just kind of...okay. which is why i prolly wont be back for another 2 years. p.s. will someone please open another "hip" resto near NOPA so that we can all admit how average it is?
Good Food, Disappointing ServiceOrdered a flatbread and a little gem salad to start. The flatbread was very yummy. Can't comment on the salad since it never showed up. The pan roasted black cod rated an unqualified "delicious" while the leg of lamb was good but a bit rare for my taste. The dessert menu didn't really spark my interest; my wife picked a pumpkin souffle which was nice enough. The service was far from "bad" but the mistakes and inattention piled up over the evening. Our server never once stopped to ask how the food was or if we needed anything else. Aside from the forgotten salad we never got any bread and butter, even after asking partway through the meal. The dessert was comped because of the missing bread, the salad was apparently long forgotten.
All three stars for the venue and the service. The food was okay. Maybe even good. But I expected more - is that too much? Nice people on the staff, go check it out.
Ahh. My favorite restaurant. NOPA represents all of the best things a restaurant can offer: 1. It's open late so slaves to the food industry like me have a place to feel cared for after a long night of people-pleasing. Plus, the industry discount is a really nice touch. 2. Friendly bar staff. Kitty and the whole crew ROCK. These folks really know how to show a girl a good time, which makes up for the fact that they no longer have the sparking rose. God, I loved that stuff! But more importantly, I love those kids behind the bar! 3. Friendly staff, period. 4. Good food. Really good food. Really effing good food. Gimme some little gems, goat cheese, and flat bread, and I'm set! Or roasted chicken. Maybe even a burger...5. Eye-candy cooking and serving the really effing good food. (see #3... nice AND cute? c'mon!) Thanks NOPA for giving me (and my peeps) a little somethin'-somethin' to dream about in-between visits. 6. The wine list. Always something interesting and delicious by the glass or the bottle. The cocktails they mix up are pretty cool, too. Try the Blue Bottle Martini...7. They serve Blue Bottle Coffee!!!(to be continued)I loves me some NOPA!
I went to NOPA last Friday for the first time and I was pleased. I used to live around the corner and remember the vacant building every day so I am glad that it is now the new home of a nice local restaurant.Nopa has a great selection of cocktails, and their wine list is also nice. The manager, Yasouaki (I hope I spelled his name right) was great and very attentive. I had the sea bass which I loved :)As they say in my country (Greece) OPA for Nopa!Crisa
Quite simply, I've had some of my best meals and favorite overall dining experiences at NOPA.  For those with doubts or for the curious, I offer a simple, ahem, 10 Step program:1. Make a reservation. NOPA's busy and booked and bustling (all for good reason).2. Go with friends. Dining is better with a buddy. Even better with buddies.3. Order the Elderflower gimlet. Hell, order three and set two aside for me. (I never was good with 10 Steps)4. Skip the radish taste. Why? Because I hate radishes. If they're offering something else, you have my permission to enjoy it.5. Flatbread, flatbread, flatbread.6. Talk to your server. I am amazed by their attention to the details and knowledge about the food. Oh, and they're quite often cute, so who knows. . . 7. If the asparagus is in season, you MUST get it. Prepared by NOPA, it is the most delicious vegetable ever.8. Did I mention the wine? 9. Close your eyes, point to the menu, and pick. It will be good. If you chose the pork chop, it will be phenomenal.10. Eat, consume, revel in the moment, the flavors, the company of friends. Ignore the din (better yet, add to it), and enjoy the fact that you're eating delicious, natural, local food. And have dessert, of course.Rinse and repeat.
I had a unique experience going to Nopa for my first (and only, so far) time, going with a regular who works in the wine/restaurant/review biz.Great cocktail menu (and not too expensive!) as well as appitizers. The dinner portions are so large that its hard to order an appitizer as well. My compatriot ordered a few aps for her main meal, and I think I'd do that next time since they seem to be more daring and exciting that the stapels offered on the dinner menu.The dessert we had (honey and a doughnut-y/choro-y) was awe-some, and the three hour meal was well enjoyed. Our 'regular' noted we had the quietest seat in the house, so I would note not a great date spot for its loud and busy atmosphere. Request the bench area if possible for a more enjoyable experience with your comrades or just soak in the scene otherwise!
Great place to go for very very delicious drinks before seeing a show at the independent. I had an amazing vodka-lime-basil-martini-thing that was the best drink I've ever had and worth all nine dollars. We also had a very engaging and super cute server who didn't mind at all when we took our sweet time over drinks and dinner. Big portions, but the food seems overpriced for what it is. Fries with garlic aioli were definitely the standout. I'll be back for drinks, but will stick to waziema or flybar for pre-show foodstuffs.
I've dined here twice for dinner. Both times my experiences with my main course were just ok. My first visit I ordered the pork chop and the waitress told me that they cook it medium but it was a little to pink for me. I ordered the pasta dish my second visit. It was alright but I don't think there was enough sausage. Both visits I did enjoy the appetizers and cocktails. As for the service it's hit or miss. My first visit the waitress was attentive but the second visit the service was really slow.
Didn't have a reservation but we got a table right away. That was really nice. We got there at 6:30. The food was just okay. The wine pours, however, are super short for the price. The cocktails are crazy small too. The Manhattan we got was served in a thimble and the margarita was all ice. Skimping like this on the booze doesn't jive with the atmosphere of this place. Be prepared to spend a lot of alcohol if you want to have a pleasant meal. In short, it's just okay.
Dude, I'm sorry. I wasn't blown away with this place. Burger and fries were pretty plain and uneventful tasting. For as much as it cost it should've been better. It is nice that there is something hip, clean and classy in the Divis area. Props for that. Also props for serving food late.
Nopa, which is named after the SF neighborhood north of the Golden Gate Park Panhandle, is one of those rare foodie spots that is open til 1am, which is probably the only time you can find parking in the area.Food: 4 stars.  The food is excellent for the price you pay. Must-try dishes include the fries, pasta, chicken, pork chop, or hamburger. The only blemish was the horrible flatbread, which the server advertised to us as basically like a pizza. The onions were just too overpowering.Service: 3 stars.  The servers were friendly and extremely good about keeping our water glasses filled, but missed the ball on a few things: (1) we ordered a bottle of wine and my friend tasted it, but he forgot to fill her glass after pouring glasses for the remainder of the party; (2) although his other recommendations were spot on, he should NOT have recommended the flatbread as an appetizer; (3) there was a significant time lag between the appetizers and main course. We were basically the last table left on the mezzanine level.Atmosphere: 5 stars. The atmosphere always appears to be bustling, the crowd is young and hip, and the interior is trendy and loftlike. Like other restaurants following a recent trend, the restaurant has a communal table near the front.Hits:  Rotisserie herb chicken, baked pasta, french fries and red pepper-feta dip.Misses: Flatbread of lamb sausage, parking is a bitch and there's no valet.If You Like This Place, You'd Probably Like: Globe Cafe, Myth, Mecca
3 blocks away from my house, amazing food is being prepared, and amazing wine is being stored. Yes, directly across from Popeyes, unassumingly sits what Conde' Nast Traveler has deemed one of the best new restaurants in the world. It's safe to say they are a couple of steps behind this guy...that's right, me. I'm kind of a big deal, a real trendsetter if you will. And I can say that with a straight face because I've been to one of the hottest restaurants in the world a dozen times. Maybe you'd like to swing by my studio apartment up the street when you're done with your dinner? It smells of leather bound books and rich IKEA pine. In all seriousness, and by all I mean mostly, this place is so damn good. Not snooty. Just great ambiance, great food and great wine. It's what food in SF is all about. Just read everyone else's reviews, check their menu online and go there now.5 Senses summary-See- Great dining space, in this converted bankHear- The hostess tell you there is no way you're getting a tableTaste- The seasonal, sustainable and succulent foodTouch- The French Fries with red pepper-feta dip to your tongue...oh yes, you like this.Smell- The aroma of Popeyes Famous Fried Chicken on the way in and outPROTIP- Not getting a reservation tonight? The communal table when you walk in is fair game. Enjoy a tasty beverage. Stake out people savoring their last bite and either befriend or crush them. When they are gone, seating victory will be yours!
A truly great place to prop up the bar and eat
I'm becoming a more conservative rater here on Yelp. The service at Nopa was amazing. We were served by no less than 3-4 folks who were all incredibly helpful and friendly. So much so that we managed to score a table in half the time we were told we had to wait. A friend and I walked in at 8:30 on a Friday night, expecting the worst. We were told we had an hour to hour and fifteen wait ahead of us. Being incredibly hungry, we scoped out an empty space at the oh-so-popular communal table sans chairs. Yes, we were prepared to stand and eat. We place our order, get the little radish starter, get some wine, and were told that there was a table available for us if we wanted to actually sit. :D The goat cheese and crostini ($10) was excellent- very light and smooth. My burger ($12) was also very good (splurge on the bacon, the fries were also excellent). My friend's veggie terrine ($17) was tasty, with a real mediteranean taste to it (including dolups of yogurt on top). But my favorite part had to be the chocolate dessert ($8), essentially a chocolate torte topped with dark chocolate sauce and cherries. That'd be worth standing for alone.
I was so impressed with this place.  We walked into Nopa at 1:55am...they close at 2am.We thought they'd laugh at us for wanting a table....they said come on in and have a seat!We thought we'd only be able to order a piece of bread, or the left over soup...they said they'd keep the kitchen open for us and to order whatever we wanted!We thought our waiter would give us dirty looks for enjoying our food and eating slowly, because they were closed and it was 2:45am...he was super cool and even carried on a conversation with us!Need I say more...the food was awesome and this place rocks!
I'm still dreaming of my dinner last night...almost perfection. The bf and I were sat upstairs on the railing, it was a great overview of the whole place. I took the seat the faced the kitchen, love to see the buzz of a well oiled machine. Not to mention we could stare down the shirts of everyone down below. We had the baby squid cooked in wine on grilled bread and the flat bread to start off. Everything was really tasty....flatbread was a bit soggy but the flavors were amazing, butternut squash puree, escarole, pine nuts and goat cheese. I had the duck and the bf had the pork chop...the duck was my favorite. Cooked perfectly, tender, crispy salty skin, and generous portions. Mixed perfectly with the basmati/faro and pecan pilaf. Oh, I'm dying right now writing about it.  I also liked the wine list, it wasn't extensive but had some good picks. Couldn't stuff in another bite after that....our server was really nice and groovy. Took time to talk to us about non restaurant things...very attentive.
i came back on a tuesday night and there was no wait for a table for two.the service was very friendly though a touch slow at times.learnings for next time: go for all the apps especially if you are going to order the goat cheese salad.1. it's a warm pot of yummy goat cheese spread for the crostinis and the sliced beets add a sweet acidic texture. but it's filling for two.2. the mussels were a definite must! they were the largest and most juicy mussels that i have ever eaten. i was worried that we'd have to fight over the last few shells.3. both the pork chop and the duck leg were tender and flavorful but it was too much food after the 2 apps. next time, i will have to order the flat bread with onions, garlic, cream and mushrooms. it must have been as wonderful as it looked because the table next to me devoured one.two stops and still haven't had any of their desserts...shameful i know.but they say that three times is the charm.
My new favorite restaurant in San Francisco. The flat bread was delicious--the shredded squash with panna sauce was a perfect and inventive combination of flavors. The tagine was also tasty (but not as good as the flat bread). We sat at the chef's table, which was entertaining. I can't wait to go back!
Came here last night for some noshing at their community table. Yippee!! There were several empty seats. Hmmmm.....looking for the hooks under the table. ah hah. found 'em. oh, right, way too small as I squeeze my handbag straps into them.Amuse-bouche were two petit toasts made out of foccacia with goat cheese atop. came with sea salt on the side. luv sea salt.After hearing some yelps about the squid salad, had to order it. Ummm...not the best seafood I've had, definitely kinda mushy and squishy. (Bourdain, Which days were we not supposed to order any seafood??) At least the frissee was crisp.Polenta was alright. It needed salt and it was pretty heavy. Grossed me out a little when it solidified in the bowl. Uck. (note: bf at it all)We also got the Grassfed Hamburger with gruyere. It was pretty damn good. They cooked it perfectly and it was so juicy and soft, YUMM-O. Definitely come back for that. All in all:Good, attentive serviceSeafood could've been a bit fresher. Cool atmosphere, awesome high ceilingsi remember the last time I came, I loved everything, and we ordered everything for a table of 10. this night was kinda disappointing, but i'll still give it another tryupdate: went back this weekend, and got the MOST succulent, MOST juicy pork chop! just like i had when I first came here. the halibut was really flaky and light, and it came with an olive relish. it was a perfect accompaniment to the fish.dessert: pecan pie with ?? ice cream- good, just not a huge dessert fantoday, they deserve 4 stars- especially for that DAMN pork chop. MMM!
I thought I would review...because clearly, this place needs another review.I'd heard about the wonder that is NOPA, but had yet to venture over there...until Saturday night, when we decided, last minute, to go there instead of another place.Since we didn't have a reservation, we had to wait like, an hour, which was fine, because their drinks are really good, so by the time we actually got to the table, we were three drunk girls in dire need of carbs.The baked pasta was awesome. But I was pretty drunk, so let's face it, I would have eaten pretty much anything. I think our waiter was scared of us, because the most he said to us all night was that we would have no problem at all getting a cab outside (which was a LIE!).I will have to go back sober, but I am pretty sure it was awesome.
Went with my fiancee and a friend. Had the best time. Don't miss on the baked beans. Chicken and lamb were great according to fiancee and friend. My halibut was a bit bland. Overall 4 stars, for the ambiance, the really good service, and spectacular appetizers and desserts. Will go back if they refine their seafood choices.
my friends and i chose nopa as our new christmas dinner spot. i made reservations way in advance and anticipated the trip.the wine/drink menu definitely did not disappoint. the prices are very reasonable and the food is worth every luscious bite. service was a bit slow, but as crowded as the place was it was certainly acceptable. our waiter was extremely helpful in guiding our decisions. the portions are huge, and i didn't even need a knife for my savory shortribs. i also (noticed and) thought it was cute that all the servers wore brown shirts, even if not completely uniform (striped rugby shirts and cowboy shirts are NOT compatible!)...it reminded me of my mismatched choir days where our outfits consisted of anything black out of the closet.
How good was the food? Well, I should first tell you that I have one of the smallest dinner appetites known to humankind. And somehow despite a generous portion size, I completely cleaned off my plate. This NEVER happens. Conclusion? The food was AMAZING! And the service was super friendly and totally efficient.Among the four of us, we had the lamb, chicken, pork and halibut entrees. All were melt-in-your-mouth tender and tasty. The rhubarb crisp dessert was perfect.This was a super experience. I'll be coming back soon.
Neighborhood gem. The environment is quite open and comfortable. Open kitchen makes it cozzy and casual. We actually sat at the counter so we were looking at the chef at work. I can definitely taste that the ingredients were very high quality and fresh. The food menu is quite simple and straight forward. The dishes were simple and clean - tastes natural and not too heavy.Hamburgers were good, the flat bread was very delightful. Definitely coming back there again soon.The service: well staffed, quick response and friendly attitude. They looked quite relaxing and cracked a few jokes over the course of my dinner.
My wife, sister-in law and soon to be brother in law had a great dinner here on Saturday night. Our experience was to some degree based on the food, as it should be, but I have to say was largely based on our server Eric. We are frequent diners in San Francisco and elsewhere, at places ranging from taquerias to 5 star restaurants, and Eric was one of the best waiters we have come across in recent memory. He always seemed to be there when we needed him. At one point we decided on a wine and I asked jokingly "where's Eric" and poof, seriously, there he was. Eric gave us his favorites to order off the menu, instead of the standard "everything is good" or "it depends on what you want.." His recommendations were right on. He also took the risk of making some sarcastic jokes, that as a waiter must be risky b/c you never know who your customers are or what their personalities may be. Eric was very entertaining and actually felt like a friend after the night wore on (no, we weren't drunk at this point). I highly recommend working your way into his section, seating that is. Seeing a recent review of NoPa, I suspect Eric may be the "hot waiter" but I'm not the best judge of that...
Went to Nopa for a late dinner on Wednesday night and the place was still packed and table wait was an hour and half. We had 2 of us in our party so we just waited at the bar and was able to find bar seating within 10 minutes or so. Drinks were good, we ordered the Salmon Rillettes, the burger, and the grilled broccoli. Burger was great and cooked perfectly and the pickled onions added a nice touch. The broccoli was absolutely delicious for being just broccoli!
Really great white people food!
Good: Kitchen bar, late night hours (appallingly rare in SF).Bad: Favors the likes of Willie Brown over normal guests. Come on Nopa, make the guy wait!sfgate.com/cgi-bin/artic
I'm such a worrywart. I was afraid that after all the "hype" NOPA was getting since it opened, by the time I checked it out, I would surely be disappointed. I shouldn't have worried.This was by far one of the best meals I've had in a long time. For god's sake, order the 9 hour bolognese with creamy polenta. That dish was like rich, meaty, tomatoe-y crack. Next time I might just get a couple of orders of that for my entree. Except that the vegetable tagine was out of this world too! It didn't come with coucous like I thought it might, but I didn't even miss it. The veggies were cooked perfectly in a rich, spicy tomato sauce. Awesome. Their lamb shank was perfectly done too. AND, their cocktails are wonderful, and not too expensive. We were dying to try a dessert but just didn't have the room. Next time I'll save room!And the place was PACKED on a late Monday night...I suggest making a reservation (they take them in advance now, not just the day of) or getting a seat at the bar.
I LOVE NoPA! I received a gift certificate from parents that I work with, and it was one of the best gifts they could have gotten me!The menu is small, but it does rotate every now and then. I absolutely love their flat bread! Their fries with the dip are yummy. I recently tried the seared duck breast and herb chicken, and they were delicious as well. I was really surprised at how affordable the meal was. This place gets really crowded, so try to make a reservation ahead of time. Parking is not the best around here, so plan to circle around.Sitting upstairs in the loft was a good experience because I got to see the chefs at work down in the kitchen. I watched one chef in particular garnish her plates and she was so careful with placing everything. I could tell that she cooked with love.
this is a review for the weekend brunch:had: sparky wallbanger, butter basted eggs, 1/2 order of custard french toast, side of fries and side of bacon.my friend and i shared, so it was nice to sample a bit of everything. wallbanger was a yummy cava mixture. delicious, but not strong enough. butter basted eggs, just taste like regular over easy eggs...but, maybe that's because i normally fry my eggs in butter? the polenta, veggie and mushrooms are what made the meal. the french toast was my favorite. the roasted strawberries and lemon butter on top was to die for! i also enjoy the french fries and thought the bacon was OK.service was good. looking forward to coming back in the near future to try their pork chops.
A solid 4 stars. The food was excellent and the service good. The only reason why I say the service was just "good" is because my date and I were clearly involved in conversation and getting to know eachother, and the server kept coming back and checking on us, but not like just peeking at us, she kept asking us how we were doing, etc. and kept interrupting our time together.Anyhow, we were seated upstairs, which was perfect of carrying a conversation and we had the best seat in the house. We could see the entire restaurant and I faced the kitchen. I wasn't looking at the kitchen, but if I was bored, I would've been able to amuse myself. We started with the red wine braised calamari, which was kinda weird. I don't know what I was expecting, but that wasn't it. Then the entrees came and the duck was fabulous! My date had the pan-roasted cod and loved it too. Then we split the honey-yogurt sorbet and it was light enough to satisfy a sweet craving, yet not encroach on your full belly. I kinda felt that we were being rushed. When you're on a great date, you don't really take note of the time and how long you've been somewhere, so it was a touch irritating when our server kept coming back. Other than that, it was a fantastic dinner. The conversation was a touch better, but great food all around.
Kudos to the management for pulling off such a consistently tasteful act. I had dinner here twice within two weeks, both times I had the pork chop and the other person in my party had chicken. BOTH TIMES the dishes were exactly the same: perfect. That is so difficult to pull off given the huge crowds they serve.I had the opportunity to sit on the second floor and watch the "Flat Bread (excellent by the way) Guy" do his thing for two and a half hours, while another guy at the counter apparently has the job of doing a final check of all the dishes before they go out to the table. The one standout message I got from this experience is that the management has did a damn good job training its staff to specialize in one part of the dining experience yet also work very harmoniously together. I can't think of any other restaurant where the management's touch seemed to be so evident, except maybe Restaurant Gary Danko.PLUS: you can still get a table at 1AM!!! PLUS they serve Blue Bottle Coffee in a French press!!!
Their pork chops, the best I've ever had, though I'm now reading "Eating Animals" by Jonathan Safran Foer, and don't know if I could eat another chop with abandoned pleasure again. I've eaten there 6 times and I just love the energy of the place, perhaps their great cocktails helps me to enjoy it more!
Have you ever been out for drinks or eats with a friend who keeps looking over their shoulder to spy on people she knows or look for someone better she could be sitting with? Well I have, and let me tell you, it's fun with a capital F!Fresh from the much needed ego boost of receiving ROTD honors, Rachel G. informs me that she has to go to Nopa to meet up for drinks with some co-workers to bid her former boss farewell. I, having wanted to go to Nopa for months, leeched onto her for the expedition.We drove past the bar about three or four times as Rachel G. regales the excitement of getting ROTD over and over, while I meekly try to point out that I think Nopa is the big, swanky place on the corner.As we walk in, we breeze past the extra-long table in the front housing all Rachel's co-workers. Apparently she is having a pointless feud with one or more of them and wanted to sit at the bar. Fine by me...getting to bypass awkward conversation with people I'm trying to be cordial with is just about the best present she could have given me.I order a Grey Goose dirty martini, Rachel orders a glass of white zin and we sip while contemplating the menu. My martini wasn't as dirty as I would have liked it, but then again, not all martini drinkers want their experience to be likened to drinking a jar of olive juice. The olives they used for the martini were absolutely amazing. I always compare olives to the ones I've had in Israel, and while most don't measure up in the slightest, the Nopa olives left the Israeli ones in the dust. We order the warm marinated olives, Warm Goat Cheese, Crostini and Pickled Beets over a light salad, and French fries and Harissa Aioli.As we wait for the food:"So Rach, how's your brother."(silence, pause, smile, watch as Rachel glances over her shoulder at co-workers)"um, ya, what were we talking about?""I asked how your brother was.""Oh, ya, he's good. You know."Food arrives. The goat cheese crostini is amazing. I love that they give you the goat cheese in it's own dish, so you can liberally dip your greasy crostini's (a little too greasy if you ask me). I tend to hate beets. I think they taste like dirt, but trying to be the foodie I aspire to one day be, I soldiered forwards and ate the beets on top of the goat cheese. It was surprisingly non-disgusting. Actually, it was pretty damn good. The olives were great, as olives are, and the French fries were also quite tasty. They were a thicker variety, which I appreciated. I personally hate those super skinny, crispy spuds...I'm more of a fatty tater kinda gal. I really wasn't a fan of the Harissa Aioli, but Rachel informed me that maybe it was because I don't really like roasted peppers. Whatever, the bartender hooked me up with some ketchup to solve the problem, because ketchup does tend to make everything better.During our meal, as we, actually, mostly I, stuff myself, I continue the one sided conversation."So Rachel, I think I might be a hermaphrodite.""That's nice. (glance over shoulder) Did I tell you I got ROTD?""Yes, you did mention that. But did I tell you that this morning before work I went base jumping in the headlands, landed in a jagged rock formation and was almost devoured by ill-tempered sea bass?""hmmm....what?""Yes, yes, you did hear that right, I'm sleeping with Gavin Newsom, but my boyfriend really has no problem at all with it because he likes to brag about me being slutty with famous people."Ok, you get the gist. Despite my spacey company, I enjoyed Nopa a lot and will definitely be coming back soon for the full dining experience.P.s. The restaurant is gorgeous. Elegant and modern, but very comfortable and homey. Just the right balance of hipster with old-school charm.
The glory days of the 5-star reviews are making a comeback, mes amis! All thanks to places like Yield (GO THERE!) and NOPA. Believe me, I had my doubts about this giant of a restaurant. My initial experience with NOPA involved absurd waitlists, hellish potty lines, and headache-inducing noisiness. My judgement was tainted by an explosive bladder, steady buzz, and my famous lack of patience. It was also 9 p.m. on a Friday and we didn't have a reservation.Last night after hitting up Yield (GO THERE!), we were drunkydrunk and ravenously hungry. And it was almost midnight. So five of us headed to NOPA, where the place was close to full capacity but we were still able to get a large table up front. NOPA is comfortably cavernous and manages to be warm and inviting while maintaining an industrial cool about itself.We loved up on all varieties of snackiness and we were hooked!Here's how it went:-Cauliflower Gratin- silky, creamy, buttery, and deliciously tender. -Potatoe Torte- fluffy, delicious, and light with an addictive red pepper sauce that I literally licked off the plate-London Broil- thin, tender strips of pink meat, easy to share because the slicing is done for you-Flatbread- GENIUS! butternut squash puree takes the place of tomato sauce here and is accompanied by sage and goat cheese. Delish!-French Fries- just so-soThere will be many return trips to NOPA if this place keeps on bringing it like they did last night. Great for groups, late night eating, and post-theater meals.
I ate at Nopa tonight with 2 friends, and their daughter. Though it wasn't flawless, it rates 5 stars due to nice service, really good food, huge portions, and excellent prices. In short, a great value. Anywhere you can get a cocktail, an appetizer, an entree, a dessert, and coffee, for $55 inclusive of tax and tip is great in my book!We split 2 apps and one soup. The sweet corn soup with tomato and basil was clearly the best appetizer --- the portion was quite large, the soup was super-flavorful, and it was only $7.50. The fries with red bell pepper dip was good too --- a HUGE basket for only $6. The goat cheese with crostini and marinated cherry tomatoes needed a little bit of seasoning... but when you sprinkled the french sea salt on it, or topped it with the tomatoes, it was OK at $9.50.Two of us (one of which is me) ordered the country pork chop with grilled nectarines, olives and mustard seed vinaigrette; the portion was huge, the pork was tender and juicy, and at $19.50 I would order it over and over again.  That being said, my friend's duck leg confit, seared breast, cranberry beans, turkey figs and port was even better. The portion was huge and the dish was delicious --- at $21, I will definitely be ordering the duck when I return to Nopa (and I will DEFINITELY be returning!). My friend's daughter had the roasted wild king salmon with succotash, cherry tomatoes and basil butter, and she licked the plate clean. At $20, that was a good value as well.Of the three different desserts we tried, the sharlyn melon granota with rose geranium ice cream and lavendar cookies (only $7) was refreshing, delicious, and a magical combination of taste and aroma. The sopapilla with honey butter sauce wasn't authentic; it was more like a square beignet, but it was still good. The apple gratin with reggiano was a disappointment.The coffee was really really good, and receiving it in individual french presses was a nice touch. The service was informed, attentive and very pleasant. The only detractions were the noise and it was a little bit warm (we had the upstairs table, nearly directly above the stoves, which contributed to the heat). But today was warmer than normal... so I expect on a "normal" San Francisco night it would be more comfortable.
Yummy! The location is out of my way, but lets face it, these days, if I have to venture more than a few blocks from home/work/shopping/friends homes to get food, I feel like I am on a freaking pioneer treck or something. ; ) In all seriousness though, the food is really tasty, the service is good and I don't really think the prices are too bad. The design of the restaurant is absolutely beautiful. That scores points on its own. The bad? It always seems to be packed! I suppose in a sense, this is a good thing because people obviously like it. On the other, welll... it is packed! Defintely one that is worth your time.
food was great! i had the pasta and it was de-licious! tasted what my partner got and it was equally as goodgood place for bday as its packed and upbeat!would DEF go back! yum.
2008 Update - Have been here several times now, both for dinner visits and bar visits. Still excellent in every way from the high-quality and thoughtful cocktails to the original yet classic dishes. Love, love, love...Just about my favorite restaurant in San Francisco right now. For me, that is saying a lot. (Press Restaurant in St. Helena is my favorite in the Bay Area). I've been here twice - the first time to have cocktails and appetizers at the bar with no reservation on a Thursday night, the second time on Sunday early evening in between Noise Pop shows. The service is top notch and the food even better...if that's possible. (Who knew good ol' arugula salad could be so amazing? And that was only the beginning.) The cocktails, different and high-quality, are also among my favorites in the city. I'd go into more detail with the menu, but there's not enough room in this review. Everything I've tried here is very, very good. For a popular restaurant, the people were surprisingly not annoying! Actually a really good vibe. I can't explain why. Maybe everyone there was a true foodie...or, dare I say it, from San Francisco? It could happen.  Last time, I started out at the communal table for a drink, which was fun, and I definitely wouldn't mind having a full meal there next time. Then, I was seated for dinner on the second floor, slightly above the kitchen, and got to watch all the action. I didn't know how fun it would be to watch people cook food. Turns out every corner of this restaurant has something good to offer.
So I had to go to Nopa for cocktails with my co-workers. Most people would enjoy this sort of thing. Not me, though, because I hate people. I took Sammy S. with me, because, let's face it, she hates people too. After telling her all about being too cool for work because of my newly found ROTD, "I'm elite, and I'm fucking awesome" status --- we found the place. Apparently I drove past it a few times --- but I was just showboating in my new ride. Can you blame me?My co-workers are all super jealous of me, obviously, because everything I touch turns to Yelp Gold, and I thought, "Hey, let's ignore them and sit at the bar." Too cool for school...So that's what we did. I ordered this big, cold glass of zin and Sammy had a dirty dirty. Meanwhile, this really hot waiter started making eyes at me...Sam --- "So, how's your brother?"Me --- *Glancing over my shoulder at the sexy man* "Um ya, what were we talking about?"Sam --- "I asked how your brother was?"Me --- "Oh yea, he's good. You know. LA...".So we order. Hot waiter brings us our food so quick. Goat Cheese Crostini, Warm Marinated Olives and French Fries with Harissa Aioli. He must have heard about my ROTD. So this is what it is like to be amongst the true elite...  I continue to make bedroom eyes at said waiter. Sam continues to blabber at me...but I am so wrapped up in smokey eyes and pouty lips of hot waiter, I don't even remember half of what we talked about...Sam --- "Hermaphrodite".Me --- "ummm, cool".Sam --- "sleeping with Gavin Newsome".Me --- "Yeah, me too."Sam --- "Ill-tempered Sea Bass"...Me --- "That sounds delicious"...Finding it very hard to concentrate on anything but hot ass of Hot Waiter, I decided I had to get the hell out of there, and quick. I said my goodbyes to the co-worker set, and was on my way; cute, drunk Sammy in tow. Yesterday - Nopa, hot waiter and ROTD? That's a good day.
Another one of those "you can not miss this place" kind of joints. A relatively simple menu, but everything is done perfectly! And yes, with 1300+ Yelp reviews and a prevailing 4-star rating, you trust that it's a very good bet.Open late (we had dinner around 9:00 pm on a Tuesday night, but serves dinner until 1am if I recall correctly) which may also help it win points with the locals. We started with the flatbread. A few months ago it was being served with some type of beef, but I see the menu now says bacon. In any event, the fact that it is warmed just perfectly and sprinkled with goat cheese and arugula won big points with me. And if you're with a fussy eater (like I was), they can easily scrape off whatever they find foreign or scary.I don't even like hamburger, but every once in a great while (and by this I mean, like once every 2-3 years), I get a weird craving for a burger. Recently I've discovered that burgers with bleu cheese and carmelized onions pair extremely well with red wines. Since the odd "I want a burger" craving was raging, I gave in and ordered the burger. It was petite and cute... but since we had the flatbread to start, it was still too much to eat in one sitting. You can specify what type of cheese you'd like, so of course I chose bleu. A great combo. And the next time I want a burger, I'll know where to go.But all that said, the menu is well rounded and caters to many palettes. There's a pork chop, chicken, halibut, and vegan option. Service was a little on the slow side, but I think we've just become accustomed to being so rushed in/out of places trying to maximize their turnover every night, that we get anxious about slower service. It was pleasant and gave us plenty of time to enjoy everything fully.Try to sit upstairs if you can. It's fun to look down on everyone else!
I should probably give NOPA just one star -- maybe then I'd have a chance at getting a table when I want one.Luckily, this amazing restaurant is right in my neighborhood so I can stop by whenever I like. Full disclosure: I used to work for the owners at Chow. But honestly, I'd have to give NOPA my highest praise in any case. I especially love the late night dining -- every night. Very convenient for the intrepid urban explorer.Favorite things: - The bathroom/sink layout and design is genius.- The hours are ambitious for the neighborhood, but it's about time we had reliable, late-night fine dining in SF- The food is just wonderful
yes yes. Like everyone else in SF I love NOPA. Last time I went I was seated at the chef's counter in the back and had a great time talking to the cooks in the back. Excellent service, food and atmosphere.UPDATE: 8/20/07I've been back to NOPA twice since my last review and am going there again tonight. It's still perfect.  Just thought you might want to know.
Dear Nopa,Hi. So, it's been just over a week since we last met, and I'm still thinking about you. In fact, I think about you almost daily. I realize that we've only had our one date, but I really think we (well, you) have something special.I knew that our relationship was off to a good start when I called and made reservations a couple of weeks before our date. Your hostess was incredibly nice when we spoke on the phone--I didn't get that "oh, you're not from around here" attitude that you sometimes get from fancy restaurants when they realize you have a non-local phone number and are not famous/powerful/a restaurant critic. She even said she'd do what she could to get us in at the Chef's Table--four seats right there in front of the kitchen, in the middle of the action.When D and I arrived for our date, Nopa, it was immediately clear that you were the coolest kid on the block; your suitors were literally coming out the door. Never mind that, however, when I told your hostess we were there--a good half hour early--she seemed thrilled to see us, confirmed our request for the Chef's Table and told us that she could probably get us in sooner than our actual reserved time.At your long, shiny bar, we admired your extensive collection of micro-distilled liquors, homemade bitters, and three bartenders, all making their drinks with a dedication and passion normally only seen in NFL Fantasy Football fans. Your bar area was packed with admirers, all enthusing over your handcrafted cocktails, yet the Brown Label Shrub that I ordered came back quickly and perfectly--a tart, tangy, pear flavored aperitif served in a champagne flute. Just as D and I finished our first cocktails, your smiling hostess appeared, indicating that not only was our table ready 10 minutes early, but we DID have seats at the Chef's Table...our first date was going even better than expected!Sitting down at the glass fronted bar seats that overlooked a calm, efficient kitchen, we perused your menu, almost every ingredient sourced from the San Fransisco Bay area...the famous pork chop, about which we had heard nothing but rave reviews; a home made tagliatelle pasta; the burger, made with grass fed, locally raised meat; and a roast chicken, that we watched turn golden on the giant rotisserie directly in front of us.D and I were seated directly to the right of your expo station, where, we eventually discovered, your chef was finalizing each plate as it came out of the kitchen. He offered us an amuse bouche of an almond butter and persimmon spread crostini lightly sprinkled with Maldon sea salt...Sweet, creamy, and salty in one delightful bite...are you always this generous on your first date? We chatted with your chef, Lawrence, who while keeping a close eye on everything going on in front of him, still made us feel welcome, like we were regulars that he had known for years. We started with your flatbread, I picked the tagliatelle with homemade fennel sausage. We had discussed trying the gigante beans with tomato and feta, but feared it would be too much. Much too our surprise and delight, what appeared just before our flatbread appetizer but a complementary dish of those same beans. "On the house," was all your chef said with a smile. Oh, Nopa...you flirt, you!By the time our entrees arrived, you had me completely under your spell, and with that first bite of tender, creamy pasta and spicy sausage, I vowed that our first date would not be our last. A bite of your pork chop--two and a half inches thick, barely pink in the middle, and melt-in-your-mouth delicious, and I was ready to devote myself to you. Could I sweep your floors? Scrub your potatoes? Cut your lemons for the bar?My only regret is that we had to part ways, and I don't know when I'll see you next. They say that long distance relationships do not always work out, but I'm still dreaming of those creamy, tomato-y beans with their crust of toasted breadcrumbs, and I know that we'll beat the odds and see each other again soon.In the meantime, I wish you all the best, and remain,Your Ham Sandwich(hamsandwichindicted.blog)
I was really looking forward to dining here, but it wasn't anything that super impressed me. I ordered the rotisserie chicken and my friend had a burger. She'd heard amazing things about the burger, but it wasn't cooked how she specified so she ate everything but the red middle. I could tell she was a bit disappointed. It has a great setup, though-nice communal table on the first floor and tables with an overlook of the restaurant on the second floor. I came here without reservations, and the front desk was very accomodating and friendly.
I went here one night after having drinks at Madrone. I had already eaten sushi earlier that night at Kabuto, but my husband wasn't served one of his rolls (that's another review) so he was still hungry and that's why we strolled into Nopa. We were seated at the chef's bar, which I think is the best eat in the house. We got to sit right next to the executive chef, Lawrence, who was the nicest, most down to earth guy ever. I was asking him what each dish was and soon felt lie he was part of my table.The food was amazing. Everything is very simple, but very well executed and perfectly seasoned. He literally seasons each dish before he lets the servers take it. We had the flat bread, which was perfectly crispy, thin and salty from the bacon and cheese. The marinated olives seems so simple and boring, but they came out warm and delicious esp. when you dip the bread in the oil. YUM. It's really fun to watch the kitchen bustling and seeing each dish from start to finish. We were already so full, when Lawrence brought us over an "extra" squid salad. It was so fresh and perfectly cooked. that really put me over the top. A great place if you like loud, fun atmosphere and excellent, simple food. It also has a very happening bar scene.
just went tonight - huge fan. was with a vegetarian so we sampled all sorts of veggie delights - gigante beans, warm goat cheese with crostinis, watermelon salad, little gem lettuces and french fries! super tasty and the total bill was only 60 bucks for the 2 of us! would definitely go back - such a cool, open space. hipster people watching
absolutely love it!there really isn't much more i can say about NOPA that everyone else hasn't already said. first and foremost, the food was delish! i opted for the hanger steak (just cause there was 4 other people at my table who was gonna order the most-talked-about pork chops). my steak was definitely still very yummy, but let's talk about the pork chop....OMG! it was so delicious that i was really holding back not to ask my friends for more pieces of it off their plates. the only reason why i'm not giving it a solid 5 stars is because the service was horrible. perhaps it was an off-night or something, but our waitress was a bit rude and it was clear that she just simply didn't care too much about our table. probably because there was 7 of us so the 18% gratuity was already tacked on??nonetheless.....NOPA, i love you and i shall be back. next time, i'm going straight for your pork chops!oooh and one more thing. while you're there, order one of neyah white's shrubs and you can check that off your list for 7x7's Big Eat List for 2010. really didn't know what to expect from this drink, but it tastes a little bitter, yet still quite tasty. overall...quite impressed tonight.
Organic food in a restaurant! Veggies tasty because fresh. Unfortunately if you want to order a dish for home to take with you then you will have to order like a glutton and then ask for a doggie bag. The chef has a strict no take out policy for some reason.
I always wonder how restaurants come up with their names- im sure its not as mysterious as the election of a pope but it still gives me that hmmmmmmm pondering feeling...Can you imagine a restaurant named Marina or Mission or Potrero Hill? It just doesnt have that same feeling huh? Well NOPA rings with a certain fervor of openess- that goes beyond the neighborhood it suggests- it is simply a delighful experience of the bacchanalian kind :-)My date and I arrived promptly for our reservation- I was impressed by the open space- an elongated bar lining the side wall separated by booth tables that ended to the exposed beaming kitchen. The other side hosted copious tables that filled the entire space. Another level gave a bird's eye view of the whole restaurant. Having expected a quiet, serene evening- I was definitely suprised by the loud and volumized surrounding.We ordered cocktails and shared the same appetizer- Stewed Calamari on grilled bread. I liked this very much- it reminded me of a Basque dish- bursting with flavors of the tomatoes, capers, and olives-a satisfying interpretation of a tapenade.My date ordered the Grilled Pork chop set on a bed of braised green cabbage with a mustard seed vinaigrette. The meat was grilled properly- juicy and tender- it had a delectable crispy and caramelized skin- a perky contrast to the braised warm salad. This takes German comfort food to another level :-)It is often my litmus test for a restaurant (esp. french) to try the roast chicken- it presents the calibre of cook who can manage time, season to BALANCE and enamor with simplicity. Hence- it was what I ordered :-) The rotisserie chicken was quite impressive- it had the airy crispiness - that encased the succulent meat inside- it was seasoned lightly with just lingering hints of rosemary, thyme, tarragon and sea salt - complimented with a heart of romaine salad.I decided to write this before I forget my initial impression ( although I think in this case it would be quite difficult to do so) and I will definitely be back after the 'holiday staff' haitus.Oh and the best part was the bill- 65.00 with cocktails! PS- minus 1 star for noise... perfect for second date ;-)
I've been to Nopa twice now, and I rarely go to "spendy" restaurants more than once (there is so much to pick from in SF!, so why go twice unless it's REALLY good?). Both times, my meal has been splendid, the atmosphere has been delightful and I've left wondering when I can return again. It is a great restaurant!
Grilled calamari, flat bread, leg of lamb, pasta with fennel sausage great. Service great. Good job good luck. If I'm back in San Fran I'll be in.
Thank goodness I'm asian because I've found a new appreciation for the liquor that has been said to put hair on chests. Heh.Seriously, the bartenders here know their cocktails. Never much a fan of whiskey, last night I was pleasantly surprised. I think it was the perfect sazerac (the original american cocktail, as I learned last night) that got me. Or was it Nopa's special Blood and Sand? I'm not sure, but wow, the brown stuff was smooth and exciting and rich and smoky and sweet and bitter and, back to, smooth.The french fries and flatbread were quite tasty as well. Perfect bar food for the perfect cocktails.
Our favorite. Love the chicken. Fun place and bar.
I really liked this place. Great food, not all of it is for me but none of it was actually bad. Some dishes SHINE. The chicken was to die for. I would send people there for the chicken. Wine was perfect, it's open late, not too pricey. what is there not to love?? the first time I went there the hostess pissed me off, took her a little while to get her stuff together. but they have a TON of people move through that place and i get it.Go there you'll love it
More of a 2.5, but I am not going to round up.I was pretty excited to go here, with all that I had heard about it. Our group arrived a little early missing one person. They sat us (their choice, we offered to go to the bar) and our waitress (who was otherwise nice) would not stop bugging us about ordering for the next half hour while we were waiting for the last person to arrive. On top of that, as soon as the person got there, she continued to stop by and ask if we were ready when all indicators were otherwise.Listen, I know you want to move your group through, but ended up ordering 15 minutes after our original reservation. Get off it. The food was great and I am sure I will return, but I did want to note that they need to calm down a bit, especially when it is their choice to seat us...
Best pork chop in town! Flatbread is so big that you can just order it as an entree. Very good wine list.
Hubby and I are still debating the kind of fare this restaurant offers. I think we both concluded that "comfort style" food is a fair description. Overall, the food was above average in quality. My favorite is the garlic fries; light, crispy, tasty, with just a slight hint of garlic taste that didn't overpower. I also like the size of the restaurant. Nopa occupies a large corner space. It can accomodate large parties comfortably.
thank you, exercise, for giving me the appetite to eat everything we ordered. what did we order, you ask?for two people we got:- warm goat cheese, pickled beets, frisee, and crostini- giant white beans- wood grilled squab (dear lord...cooked rare with delicous crispy skin)- pork chop (best i've had yet)- hamburger and fries (the only dish I felt meh about...could possibly have been overshadowed by the pork chop)- sopaipillas with spiced chocolate saucewe left happy, full of food and wine, at 10pm on a sunday and the restaurant was still 80% full! two big thumbs up to nopa.
This was probably not the best place to come when I was down to my last penny but I was with a friend and didn't want to look like a tight wad.. So anyway, after a short wait at the bar (we'd booked 20mins earlier- it was a Wednesday) we were taken to a nice spot in front of the kitchen where we watched one of the amazing chefs make pizza after pizza (jeez those guys work hard). Seems like we were both hankering for a bit of meat so like total lame arses we ordered the same thing (the hamburger - not exactly adventurous but we'd worked up an appetite after watching the debate).So, it was a good GOOD hamburger and the pickled onion on the side was really tasty...Despite being busy and quite a large space it felt pretty cozy and the decor is not offensive. As far as the service goes, the staff were low key but professional (didn't keep coming back every 10 minutes and didn't rattle off a huge list of specials, which I rarely listen to as I'm too busy trying to look interested).(I am now subsisting on Ramen noodles until I get paid but seriously that $18.00 hamburger was totally worth it..)
One of my favorite restaurants in the city. I love the food and the cocktails are great. I love the ambiance at the communal table though at times it's hard to find room. Great place!
Not much to add. . . but for a place so packed and frantically busy, I thought the service was phenomenal. It's hard to complain when you have three different wait staff stopping by, and the hostess even checked in with our table to see that everything was going well. One hostess was fantastic, she came to us at the bar to let us know the status of our table.We had the fries and flatbread which were perfect for our pre-dinner needs and I tried the pork chop. It was great, it was somewhat marble-ized (is that a food term?) and was juicy and tender. I think this place is ideal for a pre-drinking guys/girls night dinner. It may be too loud for a quiet date or dinner with the folks.
This was my second visit to NOPA, and although I do enjoy the food tremendously, your service kind of sucks. I came in for a late night eat after a show at the Independent. We got seated at the Chef bar, and then it took a good 15 minutes for our server to come take our order. Our food took awhile to come out, but the kicker of the evening was our waitress asked us if we'd like a refill on our drinks we said yes, then comes the bill $6.00 for two diet cokes? You charged us per drink? What high end restaurant does that? I could go to Denny's and get free refills on diet cokes, and ice tea (because at Nopa that will cost you $3 per soda, $1.50 per ice tea). My biggest annoyance was that I wasn't informed of this charge, because if we had known, we would have gotten water.
Being relatively un-knowledged in the San Francisco restaurant scene, I recently came upon this place in some "Best of" list in one of those hotel bedside magazines (here on business for eight days). I always read those with a bit of skepticism, but I took the recommendation. Nopa was given the title of "Best Newcomer" or something like that. Seeing as my friends in town were skiing in Tahoe, I went solo...and had a GREAT experience. I sat at the bar, and enjoyed a few fantastic glasses of Pinot Noir while eating the bean/feta/parsley appetizer (amazing...so unique), and the pork chop. The piece of meat itself wasn't the best, but the flavor was fantastic. To make the experience better, a very friendly guy sat next to me and we chatted for over an hour. Apparently this happens often in San Francisco. Bob, wherever you are, thanks for the company and the other restaurant recommendations.I loved this place, and I'm headed back this week.
I've eaten here so many times and feel so comfortable here that writing a review seems like an afterthought. This is my one for-sure, go-to-place. I know what I'm getting and who's getting it to me and its always good. The chef, Lawrence Jossel, can be seen every night standing between the (open) kitchen and the bar overseeing every dish that comes out. (If you can, get a seat at the small counter facing the pizza oven and you'll get a great look at the kitchen at full speed.) Once again, I usually eat alone (and most Fridays I eat here) and so sit at the bar with a Belvedere martini and order dinner. An amuse bouche arrives and disappears quickly. The appetizer menu is terrific and the white beans are very popular but I swear by the the warm goat cheese and pickled beets. Don't know how many times I've had this but never get tired of it.The entrees are all good...the menu remains small but every item is well thought out and perfectly cooked. The chicken is cooked on a giant rotisserie...warm, succulent chicken with a perfectly cooked outer skin. The signature dish is their pork chop and it is terriffic (although I think I prefer the chop at Town Hall just a hair more). The London Broil and the Cod are both excellent as well. The wine list is small but very well thought out and the pizzas are always popular.Parking is sometimes difficult...especially on Friday or Saturday evening. The place is almost always packed with the bar sometimes two or three deep. The communal table just inside the door is usually full but somehow the staff keeps it all together and eventually everybody gets seated. The place is a bit on the loud side so this is not a business dinner joint but if you want a great meal and the perfect place for getting together with friends, this is it.
L, a retired chef, was coming to visit for the weekend. As a surprise, I booked a table at Nopa early on a Saturday night. We sat upstairs overlooking the open kitchen, providing a great view of the activity. We uncorked a bottle of 7 Deadly Zins which I brought. This turned out to be a brilliant move, as every dish we tasted sang out to the wine and vice versa. The chef is not afraid of robust flavors and unusual combinations. We were willing to be adventuresome and agreed to share our dishes, every one of which was ample enough for two to enjoy. For starters, the ahi tuna sauteed in olive oil was tasty and well executed, but the cut of the fish was marred by rough textures which should have been trimmed. Sipping along Zin lane, we awaited the main courses, and suddenly who knew the side of broccoli could be so delicious. The vegetable was briefly cooked with anchovy (!) and lightly breaded. L said, "I could never have conceived this combination; and it is so good". The website photo of the duck breast entree is a good representation of what to expect. The hint of middle eastern spices was perfect as was the cooking of this fabulous dish. The duck was cut into scallops with fero underneath the meat. It was outstanding. We saluted the hard working chef and sent him a taste of our Zin. We were rewarded by a big smile from a guy who exhibits great creative talent in the kitchen and is supported by an excellent staff.
I must say, I was very impressed with this place. We had a very knowledgeable server. The food was very good. I'm sorry but I am getting back to this but review a long time later so the details are lost but the great memories are there. I am definitely going back there with friends. What a great atmosphere with great food and service. Lots of fun!
BUSIEST RESTAURANT IN TOWN!I went to NOPA on my usual Tuesday Dinner night (a group of friends and I try a new restaurant every Tuesday) and usually Tuesdays are pretty dead. Not at this place! Upscale food with an upscale crowd. The place looked interesting. Everybody INSIDE looked interesting. Very cool ambiance. The waitstaff is INCREDIBLY friendly and helpful. We found ourselves without reservations and our would/could-be server helped us find counter space at the community table.As you can imagine, the WAIT for the food can be pretty long. With lots of patrons and LOTS of banter going on, people are expected to drink and enjoy the complete experience. If you go, GET A DRINK. They are ridiculously yummy.The menu is small but the dishes are quite tasty. NOPA offers a little something free in the beginning to tingle your tongue (the french expression for this dish escapes me at the moment).Crowd pleasing dishes: the flat-bread appetizer (comes out looking like a pizza) and the hamburger (its HUGE).Eat, drink and be merry!Just make a reservation first...
I would have LOVED to give this place 5 stars.In general, everything was great: food was timed well, wine de-lish, beautiful room (nice lighting, fab mural, open kitchen).BUT, after our entrees were cleared, we waited for 20 minutes before someone checked in on us (yes, I timed it!). We also noticed the four next to us sat with dirty plates for a long while as well. There is something about that 10pm staff cutting time that had us stuck "in between shifts." We looked around the room and noticed very few people were still working; it must've been break time.Needless to say, I will return because all-in-all, this place rocks!I just hope I don't feel neglected at the end of dinner next time. I was actually kind of disappointed and sad...
Good food, decent wine menu, reasonable prices.  If you get the burger make sure you go with the Gruyeres cheese.  It comes with fries that taste even better when dipped in their lemon aioli upon request. I am a pork chop man when I go to NOPA, but the burger is worth mentioning for a quick late night bite.A few tips for dining here.  First, make a reservation early.  It is completely bogus that I can't walk over here for a quick dinner without an hour long wait.  Second, don't get seated upstairs.  It uncomfortably hot. Third, try the wine.  They do a great job with the wines by the glass here. Final tip; stay out of this neighborhood.  You are all ruining the parking situation.
Bring your earplugs!!The service was terrible, the hostess has an attitude, and the food was OK but not great. I would not go back.We arrived for our 6:15pm dinner reservation only to be seated at the bar area even though the entire restaurant was full of open tables. At 6:25pm we still had not been seated so we asked the hostess what was up. She was visibly perturbed by this question. Then, even though the restaurant was still full of open tables, the hostess proceeded to march us to a table upstairs, away from all the action. We objected, and the hostess became more perturbed, saying "all those good tables downstairs are reserved for other people." When we pointed out that we had made our reservation nearly three weeks earlier, the hostess begrudgingly found us a table on the first floor, in the corner, but still refused to seat us in a booth even though four booths were wide open. At this point, we gave up and realized this would be our only visit to Nopa.The food service was also quite slow and the food certainly doesn't make you say "wow, that's good!" For example, when my london broil main dish arrived, the server warned me that "the plate is very hot," which it was, but strangely enough, the food was cold. Top Chef would surely eliminate this kitchen staff.Nopa is also so loud that you can't hear the person next to you unless they are practically shouting. Don't go to Nopa for dinner if you plan on doing alot of talking during your meal. It's the perfect place to take your honey for dinner after you've both had a huge fight and neither of you feel like conversation.In final analysis, Nopa is really more of an after work bar/club than a serious restaurant. The bar scene at Nopa looked very fun/busy and this is what contributes to the high level of noise. The bar is probably a great pickup place. The attitude and slow service from the hostess and wait staff is more consistent with that of a bar/club than that of a serious restaurant.So, try the bar, skip the restaurant (and the hostess with attitude too if you can) and bring your earplugs.
It still boggles my mind that a place like this exists in an area like North Panhandle. For those who know SF, the neighborhood is a bit "rustic". Speaking of panhandle, wifey and I got approached by no less than 3 shady lookin' characters trying to hustle us for spare change on our 2 block walk to the restaurant.NOPA's nice. It's so nice that it kind of stands out in it's surroundings. It's got a hip minimalist vibe. It's pretty loud inside because of the warehouse-like space, but nowadays, places aren't hip unless your eardrums bleed.The food is so straightforward that it's innovative. Really well-prepared and just plain good. Roasted fava beans,wine stewed calamari, rotisserie chicken... it doesn't get simpler than this. But the stuff is damn good. And you get a great view of the open kitchen from almost every seat in the house.Get there early because parking in the neighborhood is a bitch. And if you leave without trying the sticky toffee pudding cake or warm doughnut holes, you should be shot in front of a firing squad.
Great Service! All except one dish did not meet my expectations, and one other in our party, of this restaurant people have been talking about. I will return for a second visit to see if it was just an off night
My friends and I are awful at planning so of course we come here on a Saturday night with no reservation. They tell us it will be a 1.5-2 hour wait...we tough it out. The bar was packed and so was there "communal table". Luckily they give us a table 45 min later. The ambiance is warm and inviting. We started with the fried Asparagus with lemon aioli, baked white beans, and the flatbread of spicy fennel sausage (not at all spicy) garlic and cream....all very tasty. The cocktails were weird...I cant even remeber there names or what was in them...but they all tasted really spicy..no one was enthused with what they ordered (we all got different cocktails).As for entrees we go the halibut and the rotisserie chicken. The halibut was a disappointment...not all that flavorful and fairly small for the price...oh and it comes with chorizo, calamiri, and potatoes...you get maybe one or two little pieces of each...lame. The chicken was good though. And my friend mentioned she had had the hamburger before and that it was really good. And apparently the porkchops are really good too.Finally, dessert, we were celebrating a graduation so why the hell not! We ordered the creme brulee...it was standard, nothing to make any fuss about. But our server brought us a complimentary chocolate cake. I think it was because the manager came over to our table when two other of our friends arrived really late and there were no more chairs and he told us we're making it look like a bar upstairs and our two friends need to leave (asshole). But the chocolate cake was damn good!
Big ups for the appetizers at Nopa. After many happy hour drinks around town, it was 9:30, clubbing was on the agenda and we weren't up for stomaching a giant entree beforehand. Instead, we had the crostini with goat cheese, bacon flat bread, and a side of swiss chard. Nopa earns points for serving a pungent and generous portion of goat cheese. There was a whole ramekin's worth -- not the tiny speck dabbed across a single leaf of lettuce in an unending bowl of salad that I've come to expect, Thank you Nopa, for not making me stretch the goat cheese reserves.Bacon flatbread? A-mazing. This is probably a biased review because the first thing I scarf down in any Indian restaurant is the naan, but I can say without hesitation that their decked-out flatbread rivals Bacar's woodfire pizzas any day.Swiss chard? Tender, and with pine nuts. Go pine nuts, it's your birthday.Service? Graceful and attentive, despite the bustling demands of a full house.
medium-to-high priced hip joint. there is a gentle scent of pac heights among the crowd though the restaurant is set in it's namesake, but it doesn't sting or anything ;) remember, I am a closet yuppie so I was unphased. we had:tomato salad with garlic croutons & cheesewarm goat cheese, pickled beets, frisee & crostiniscarlet runner beans in a tomato sauce with feta, oregano & breadcrumbsmoroccan veggie tagine w/ toasted almonds & lemon yogurtI didn't see the bill but with the drinks & our meat-eating friends' appetizer and entre, I'm pretty sure it was substantial.THIS PLACE IS OPEN LATE, I love it!
it was my 2nd time here. party of 4 for notcalvin's birthday! the flatbread of spicy fennel sausage appetizer is always a must! since the waitress recommended the baked orccehiette pasta, i decided to take a chance, id' give it a 7.5/10 - a good comfort food dish. and honestly i'm a sucker for creme brulee so we had the honey creme brulee with smoked tea shortbread, yummmm. i've only had great experiences at nopa. they're always on point and remain consistent. i cant wait to come back.
flatbread = best non-pizza pizza everpork chops = best pork chops ever (wonderful combination of flavors)highly recommend warm goat cheeseEnjoyed cocktails Blood and Sand and Death at Dusk
Well, let me start by saying that the hostess and particularly our server were great.It's the food that I take issue with. I know that I am in the minority with my post but that's okay. For food this expensive, I expected better. I hadn't eaten here since the week they opened and I have to say that I had the same experience then. The starters were great, just like the first time.  The drinks were great, just like the first time. On the other hand, my husband's salmon was okay, nothing great. As for my chicken, it was served raw. Just because it is a busy night doesn't mean you can't cook things. For me, there is no meat as grotesque as undercooked chicken. I had it sent back and cooked longer but still I could only take one or two bites. Luckily, it was taken off the bill. The server, as I said, was really sweet and accommodating , but all in all, I can't say I am interested in going back.
Oh! So many reviews!! There are too many reviews for NOPA. I think I'm like the 325th person to throw my 2 cents in. **sigh** Oh well, here goes! We were celebrating our good friend's birthday last night, and we made reservations for 8:45. We arrived on time and were seated right away! I was a little surprised! I had read how crazy packed and crowded this place gets, but we had no problem! Maybe it was because it was a Tuesday night. Skool nite! ...maybe...The waitstaff was very nice and attentive, never had an empty glass of water, always had a full jug of water on the table. They always came around and poured our wine. They were very good about clearing dishes, glasses, wiping up crumbs and small spills, switching out silverware. VERY ATTENTIVE. I LIKE! We ordered 3 apps: the marinated olives, the goat cheese with crostini and beets, and the baked giant white beans with feta and oregano. The first two were great apps. I loved the beets! I am a lover of beets, so I may be biased. Olives were warm and plentiful and came with a little bread. Beans were ok, not too memorable. At this point, of the meal, I was already full and we still had entrees coming. I had mistakenly snacked on some Irish chedder and water crackers and some chocolates from Recchiuti at birthday boy's house...am I insane??? Mental note: next time come to NOPA famished! Our entrees arrive, I ordered the only vegetarian entree on the menu, Moroccan vegetable tagine with almonds and lemon yogurt. ( A little disappointed that they only had one veggie selection) When ordering, I had asked the server if the tagine came with rice or something. She informed me that it does not come with any starch and they have none that you can order on the side. The tagine was hearty. It tasted like a veggie stew. But I wish I had some rice! It would have been perfect over some rice! We also ordered a few of the side dishes: roasted winter veggies and the butternut squash gratin. The veggies tasted fresh and almost sweet. The gratin was very heavy and I could only handle one bite! Finally we ordered dessert: the chocolate pot and the donut holes. The chocolate pot was much better than the donut holes. The donut holes tastes a bit too doughy for me, not light and airy, as I would have expected or preferred. So, in the end, we had a great birthday meal. The service is great, and kind of rolls along with your comfortable, slow, home-y meal. We got there at 8:45 and didn't leave until 11pm. The only thing that makes me knock off a star is that I found the meal to be a bit on the salty side and that their vegetarian entree selection is limited.Total portion of our bill(husband and I)includes tax and tip: $110.00
I had to laugh out loud literally when they brought an amuse bouche of one slice of carrot with a spot of lemon yogurt on top. Never in all my dining experiences around the world...The fried sardines were actually a frito misto, which was a nice surprise. A little twist was the fried slices of tangerine rather than the expected lemon.Their pork chop, a specialty, was delicious. It did seem like a riff on Los Angeles' Campanile Restaurant's classic rib eye - served over white beans. Ultimately, their churros were the best. Custardy interior and a true dark chocolate sauce. Perfect execution. Oh, try the homemade yuzu "limoncello" - well done.
Great micro-distillery bar, solid food, great wait staff/bartenders. I recommend this place.
I was excited to try this place when it came onto my radar after I saw it listed somewhere as one of the top 10 best new restaurants in the country. So tonight, I went for the first time.I was seriously underwhelmed. Service, check. Ambience and hip crowd, check. But at the end of the day, its the food that is going to make or break it for me, and this is where NOPA was surprisingly lacking. I tried the calamari appetitzer, 9 hour bolognese, the lamb flatbread, french fries, the lamb shank and the steelhead with farro. For dessert, I tried the chocolate cake and sticky toffee pudding. All in all, the food was...okay. The flavors just weren't that exciting. There was nothing that made you roll your eyes to the back of your head in delight; in fact, some dishes were actually downright disappointing. For food so mediocre, I don't expect to be going back, not when there are so many other great restaurants in SF.
My dinner last night consisted of 1/2 bowl of delicious, fat-full fries, a massive bowl of cauliflower soup (it was basically cauliflower-flavored heavy cream w/ olive oil drizzled over the top), and an arugula/blood orange/fennel salad. The food was good, even though I have new cellulite this morning from the heavy cream. Yes, I devoured it, but generally think simple purees make better soup. What wasn't good was the "appetizer" they put down in front of us. Two slices of radish. A ramekin filled with sea salt. A little triangle of butter. Huh? The waitress (who was very nice) enthusiastically explained how to eat it. I ate it out of desperate hunger and was totally confused. Was that a joke? Where the hell is the bread? Weird. I just can't get into this place. It has that "see and be seen" vibe going on. And it's too loud. And I don't like the communal trough-like sinks outside the bathroom. What if I want to primp? Or pluck a stray eyebrow hair? Or check my teeth for leftover lettuce?
Whenever my boyfriend and I leave dinner at almost any other restaurant in SF one of us will say, "We should have gone to NOPA." A lot of SF restaurants feel like they are trying too hard, but NOPA is always consistent, unpretentious, and friendly. Great cocktails, great bar staff, not overpriced; just a genuinely enjoyable place to have dinner.
I'm no big meat eater, so I am tempted to give it 3 stars since their non-meat selections are sparse and the vegetable gratins get kind of boring after eating here a couple of times.but, the service is so friendly and the atmosphere is unpretentiously kind of swanky that I feel content and at ease with my meat-eating company. And I don't care if there's not much for me to eat here, because the drinks menu is bitchin.
Best burger in the city. I know a lot of people say that but it's the truth. I dare you to try it and say otherwise.
do i really need to add on to the +1000 reviews for this place? yes apparently i do because while the main reason for my coming here was to try the pork chops (i'm not sure it lived up to the hype as best in sf but delicious nevertheless), it was the blue bottle martini that i left away wowed by.between that, the pork chop and the flatbread appetizer i was very happy and next time i need to plan a little better and save some room to try the desserts.
I can see why this place is so popular. It is a spacious space which is somewhat rare in San Francisco, and the service is super friendly (also somewhat rare). When you ask for your food to be cooked in a particular way they do it e-x-a-c-t-l-y. If you ask to share a certain plate, they equally divide it into two plates, if you want your Martini "extra, extra dirty" the bartender makes it perfectly naughty , and when you want to leave or linger, there is no pressure, just a clean table and a bustling happy atmosphere. In Yelp land, there is with no doubt, a reason a place is highly rated and often reviewed.
I could probably eat the beets and goat cheese every day of my life and not get sick of it... The food was phenomenal and the service was amazing. The servers really seem to make an effort to make you feel welcomed. The portions were a VERY decent size for what you are paying, but don't plan on bringing any leftovers home because you'll undoubtedly finish your plate before you even realize it! It is very clear to me that this is one restaurant in SF that isn't going out of business any time soon (sigh of relief) . You guys are amazing!!
I had such an amazing experience here. Our server was amazing -- very knowledgeable and professional. The food was perfect. I had the duck legs, very very very good. After finishing our meal we decided to have our after dinner drinks at the bar. The bartender who helped us was the quintessential bartender of everyones dreams. The concoctions they create are genius and extremely inventive.The only downsides I could articulate is that they were extremely crowded. However, this did not effect the service whatsoever, just made it a little loud inside. Also, we had reservations, but otherwise I think it would be difficult to get a table, especially as a walk-in. Seriously though, everyone should go here at least once before they die.
Great meal, Delicious chop (a bit too salty) our waiter was awesome!
I love this place. From the awesome bartenders mixing up great drinks to the great food, it is always a good time. Sometimes the service can be a tad bit on the slow side, but that is usually rare. One of the best things about it is their kitchen is open really late, I think until around 12. So you can always get a late night snack. It is the one place I will gladly go to alone when no one else can seem to go out.
After a wild night I don't remember how exactly we ended up in here, but whomever it was who pointed this place out... I owe you.It is difficult to judge how good the food really was, because hunger is the best spice; and boy were we hungry, starved, dehydrated and emaciated. The staff also payed very close attention to our needs. But my mind mainly concentrated on the food and drinks that was going to the table and what was going down my gullet. And boy/girl was the food tasty.
Great meal but really really LOUD; we had to practically shout across our tiny table or wait our turn to talk from the din of the place.Service was impeccable and courteous despite being packed. We were quickly seated for our reservation and I think we had 4-5 different people actually waiting on our table.As for the food, it was all quite yummie. Flat bread and green salad as appetizer both very good. For the flat bread, i was thinking foccacia but we got a thin crust pizza thing which was delicious! The salad had a great dressing and loved the Medjool dates. For the entree, pork chop and leg of lamb with an escarole side. When the pork chop came out it was so big i thought it was the leg of a lamb, delectable. Looking around, all the other pork chops are steak size... a lot of meat and cooked to be tender and juicy over a bed of mouth watering kale and white beans. The lamb was a handful of slices with a side of cauliflower gratin, cheesy goodness! The lamb portion was a little lite but still very good.We finished with the meyer lemon and huckleberry box cake. Lovely! The meyer lemon on it's own is pretty sweet; the huckleberry on it's own is really really sour; marry the two on your spoon and it is a match made in heaven. Get it. Enjoy it!I could easily go here on weekly basis but will try and get a quieter table... maybe upstairs.
I'm not sure what all the hype was about. We did need to get a reservation. We did have to wait a little bit when we got there. I guess the menu changes every so often. First, an amuse bouche came out, apples with a nut spread and sea salt. Tasted pretty good. I had the lamb shank. It was good, but it could have used some more seasoning. The fries that we had tasted good, crispy, and had a pepper dip. Servers seemed to vary. Some sounded and looked really helpful and mindful, others looked really rushed and busy. Anyway, seemed a little expensive, but unlike other 3 stars from the past, I may actually go to this place again.
I've been here over 5 times, and everytime (except once) I had a great meal. Every bite tastes better than the next. All the ingredients are fresh, I think mostly or all organic, and you can tell that care goes into creating each dish. I also like that they give the table one little bite of something to cleanse the palate before your meal. The drinks are great, the deserts are amazing and I've only had poor service once. I went there for New Year's Eve, and it was a 4 course, prix fix (or whatever) menu. I must say that I wasn't impressed with the menu items provided, I think the choices were either red meat or a vegetarian dish, and as I don't eat red meat - but enjoy fish and chicken, I was a bit bummed that I had to choose the vegetarian entree - which was my one and only meal that I was not impressed with. The evening was also really expensive and we ordered less than we do when we eat there on a normal night. Otherwise - I highly recommend it - but be prepared to wait on the weekend - because it gets stupidly busy - try it out on a weeknight first! Save room for desert, and try the molasses irish coffee, yum!
I've lived in San Francisco for about 10 months now and have been to Nopa AT LEAST 4 times. It is still hands down my most favorite restaurant in the city. And I'm in the food & beverage industry so that has to tell y'all something. Knaw what I'm sayin?!?! I went on a date here and we spent 4 hours, YES you read that correctly, 4 f.o.u.r hours on a date in this place. The ambiance is just amazing even on a Sunday night. It wasn't that the food/service or anything took long, it was that we loved the place so much and were having such a good time lingering over wine, good food and great convo that we were able to spend such a long time hanging out! AWE-some!
same way i feel about NOPALITO...great food, service, prices...too bad the OWNER is not as hospitable as the staff
I was in SF back in Novermber and was lucky enough to have visited this gem with my sis and brother-in-law. I can not begin to explain the class and comfort that this experience brought me. It all started with the most amazing cocktails/bartenders that I have ever experienced. The drinks were unique, tasty and the epitome of the cocktail world. The expereince only increased in delighful taste bud rejuvination when the fresh flavorful dishes delighfully pranced on my palate. All I can say is A+++ on the service, food, ambiance and cocktails. Did I mention the devine wine list? This place is not to be missed. If you are in SF, this is the go to place. Wow!!!! Delightful.
I made the "mistake" of giving up cheese for Lent. I say 'mistake' since it seems that every restaurant is recently captivated by infusing gorgonzola or marscapone or [insert high-falootin' cheese here] into every single one of their dishes, meaning that for 40 days, menus are my worst enemy. Seriously, we go to battle. (Let's just say I'm not winning, nor am I overly gracious about it. But I digress.) NOPA is no exception.Conveniently located just a block or so from my house, I've been inundated with suggestions to go here. I finally acquiesced, even waiting 40 minutes for a table on a MONDAY at 8:30pm. Um, what? The food had better be outstanding.It wasn't. The menu, besides nearly every offering containing cheese, was so difficult to read that I had to ask the waiter about the ingredients in four separate dishes. A bit of advice to NOPA: If you're going the pretentious route, please at least have two appetizers and two entrees that DON'T require translation from a weary wait-staff. Thanks. Love, AubreyI finally chose the burger as it seemed the least daunting item on the menu, and it came back not only undercooked, but so salty that I could barely eat it. If my friend's dishes hadn't been over-salted as well, i would have thought it a fluke; instead, I'm wondering if the chefs are in cahoots with a pharmaceutical company making low-blood pressure drugs as eating this much sodium more than once a year could send me straight to the hospital.I like the concept of this restaurant; there's a "communal" table in the front that is first come/first served, handy if you don't mind dining with strangers. (I find it great for eavesdropping...we heard some amusing stories.) The hostesses were kind and the waitress, while surely exhausted, kept her wits and demeanor even despite my barrage of questions. The wine list was as eclectic as the menu, yet it worked; my red wine was one of the best I've had at a restaurant in some time. (I wish I remembered what it was...)All in all, conceptually, this is an aesthetically-pleasing, higher-class restaurant in a part of town that is lacking in them. Unfortunately, it clearly misses the mark in terms of food and all-over experience. I *MAY* go back...but only if someone else was paying. I'd prefer to save my money for a meal that didn't leave me dehydrated afterwards.
I love it - I love the space, I love the food, I love the mission, I love the Elderberry cocktails, I love the pork chops, I love the open kitchen, I love the big communal table at the front and I love that it is 5 minutes from my house.By the way - Make reservations
The food here is definitely worth the money and the drinks are pretty good, but happy hour didn't seem to have much of a discount. I had the calamari and two cocktails but I paid in the $20s for my orders; I would recommend this place for a date but don't go during busy nights otherwise you'll never get seated! Worth some more trips next time I feel like breaking the bank a bit.
This place was great! The food was so delicious. It's a small plates resturant so everything we ordered was amazing. The ambiance was great too. I will definately be back!
Great, friendly, [but] very casual service. Packed house serving locals, hipsters, and the late-night restaurant crews.Came to Nopa not knowing what to expect and was pleasantly surprised -- good, comfort food including beans, pasta, variety of meats. Nothing fancy but decent if slightly pricey food. Some items that really stand-out are their soups and pastas... definitely worth a trip just for those two items alone.
Last night was my first time @ NOPA. It's now my favorite restaurant in SF. Everything I had the pleasure of eating was delicious and fresh. Our party ordered almost everything on the menu, so I tried a lot. I was hesitant to order dessert because I had had enough to eat but I caved. The chocolate malt dessert with the cookies on the side was TO DIE FOR. I'm still thinking about it--as I sit at work a day later. I can't wait to return to this place for more.
For some reason I expected NOPA to disappoint, or at least to annoy. This latest pretentious neighborhood naming convention (remember "Lower Nob Hill?") had me skeptical. However, I have to say this place really delivered. The large and expansive place has warm woods and friendly, casual service. Not an ounce of pretension in the service or food we enjoyed; just tasty and hearty fare. Excellent bar selection as well. While this place is still Western Addition in my mapbook, my stomach will definitely remember NOPA as a welcome SF restaurant destination.Second Review:Went back a second time, this time without a reservation. Unless you're into communal dining (or long waits), don't bother. I don't really fault the restaurant for that--it's not their fault they're popular. We wound up being seated on the longer side of our estimate, but what do you want on a Friday night...?What left me a bit disappointed was the food the second time around. The chicken entree I ordered arrived almost bone dry. It was still a hearty portion, but it almost left me wondering if the burger I ordered before was a staple I should have stuck with. The gem lettuce salad and flatbread weren't really anything special either. Good, decent, but not ooo-ooo-wooonderful. I'd definitely go back to Nopa, but only with a reservation and a craving for one of those tasty grass-fed patties.
Nice place great atmosphere. The staff was very helpful. We arrived very late for our reservation and were able to still be seated in a short time, even though the place was quite busy. It was warm weather for SF, so I had the cucumber soup (salmon on the side) it was very refreshing. main dish was the tagine, excellent.
Alls I'm gonna say is that NOPA is rockin' my world! The owners are lovely...especially if you sit at the bar. The people watching is divine and thank you Nish and Kristen for introducing me to NOPA!!! I love, luff, lurrrrveeee me some NOPA!More on the food later but I must run...Okay, so back to the food. Now let's go back to my first visit to NOPA. It was during the summer when there was some kinda potato drama going on. My friends and I sat at the bar to have what was literally "godliness in a glass" i.e. a blackberry rum cooler. Well, what goes good with that? Um, french fries! But these were no ordinary fries. Steak fries that were supposed to be Kennebuc-sp? tots but as one of the owners explained as she was summoned from the kitchen to explain the terrible plight of the potato farmers as of late, said that they had to choose a different variety thus she was concerned that our fries would not be as wonderful as the previous batch.Or something like that. Point being, she came OUT of the kitchen to explain this to us, then checked on us all night PLUS made us this orgasmic donut concoction with carmel sauce (that I wanted to pour on my hands and lick like a dog!) The food is OUT OF THIS WORLD! The service is so friggin' cool and down-to-earth but completely different than most places that, huh hum, have been written up in Bon Appetite! I mean, come on people, you should all be running to NOPA! I rest my case.
Came here with my family so they fitted a party of 7 with no problem. We arrived a half hour early so we enjoyed drinks at the bar. I had the pork chop and it was fantastic. Service was very attentive. Thanks, NOPA, for making a special occasion very special.
My most recent dining experience at Nopa, and only my second in history, was phenomenal. Usually, I end up eating at the bar by default. The result of saying "I don't feel like waiting for an hour to get a table, let's just eat at the bar." Honestly, the service at the bar was so wonderful last Friday night that I think I will voluntarily chose the bar the next time I go to Nopa. Right off the bat we were off to a good start with an "Old Cuba" - the mojito / champagne infused beverage, which was excellent. We then moved on to some delicious red wine - a perfect compliment to the goat cheese appetizer and the rabbit and pork chop we had for entrees. The food was fabulous (and yes it truly is as good as everyone says) and the service (thank you Brian) was impeccable. Can't wait to belly up to the bar at Nopa for more great food and drink!
Where else can you go where they have drinks with Chartreuse and Elderflower water on the cocktail menu???The food was good, not excellent - but good. I liked the fact that the kitchen is open late. This is the kind of place I'd go to if I had drinks first, and then remembered I forgot to eat dinner (it happens...you sometimes get distracted when you're out drinking!). Plus, it's kind of like the "after-party" place where all the chefs and waitstaff at other restaurants go to once their shifts are done. When we were there, the place didn't start gettin poppin' until after 10pm.
The drinks are phenomenal and appropriately priced. I particularly can recommend their Caipirinha, which is one of the best to be found outside of Brazil. The appetizer are generally well done as well. The dinner service, however, has some room for improvement, particularly given their target audience as suggested by the prices. The food is variable and most dishes simply ok, but nothing spectacular. Overall, I would (and have) return for drinks and appetizers, but skip the full meal service.
Simply an orgasmic explosion of flavors on my taste buds! (to put it short and sweet!) I absolutely LOVE finding places like this. The food was so simple and yet so scrumptious and flavorful! Highly recommended for sure!!! This place has been put on my my list of favorite restaurants!!! And there aren't very many on my list!!!
Ate at NOPA last night with a party of 6. was seated in the mezzanine in a back table overlooking the kitchen which i would recommend for a group of this size. noise level a bit lower than the main part of the dining room downstairs plus kind of fun looking at the staff below. the food and service were both outstanding and i recommend without hesitation. the white bean app was fantastic as was the flatbread. the pork chop was one of the best i have ever had. also an interesting and very fairly priced wine list. price/value ratio was also a big plus. by all means go if you get the chance!
wow. i'm glad we came here in the summer. catching up with high school buddies and mentor. i ordered a pisco sour, pork chop with fingerlings and grilled peaches, and ended with the olive oil cake and ice cream. we also shared the flat bread and canellini beans, and i also think we got the goat cheese. all of it was delicious! i didn't know if i would like grilled peaches, but it really worked with the chop, which was cooked to perfection!oh yea, they also gave us an amuse bouche to whet our appetites - crostini with fresh goat cheese and a thin slice of pluot, with a dish of special salt. SO GOOD! best thing that night! too bad they only made enough for one for every diner that night. :( we wanted some more. everything there that night was just beautiful. wish i could have had more. i want another excuse to come!
I've been here twice. The first time was really very good; I loved the cute little amuse (some sort of seasoned watermelon the first time and a bit of apple with homemade nut butter on the second visit; I suppose I am easily impressed), the fried pepper appetizer with a healthy pinch of salt, and the location. Plus my boyfriend's giant pork chop looked delish.However, on the second visit, I didn't love the molten chocolate whatever with too much lavender and the slooooow service that left me staring at my nasty chewed up hunk of gristly steak for 45 minutes before our overworked hipster waiter found the time to clear our plates.Most of all, what I really, really did not love was the noise. It is so. freaking. loud. I couldn't hear anything anybody was saying. Ever. Even though they were two feet away from me. The next morning I had a hoarse throat and ringing in my ears. Believe me, I like some noise; you gotta have it to create that festive Saturday night I'm-freed-from-my-cubicle-let's-party feeling; but this was really, really, really reallyyyyy loud. Somebody else's review says, "It attracts the late 20 -- late 30 diners who like to get dressed up drink and eat good food." Well, that's me. But I also like to be able to talk to the people I'm eating with, and that just wasn't happening. Nopa, I want to love you. But I may have to bring earplugs next time. Do NOT bring parents here unless they have already lost their hearing.
I've got 2 kids. One that is 6-weeks old and the other that is 15-months. So, let's just say, I am not that into taking my free time (which is all of 50 seconds a day) to write reviews but my dinner at Nopa last night made me want to take the time.The hubby and I ordered 3 appetizers: asparagus salad, grilled calamari, and beans. The beans were unique, well seasoned and delicious. The other 2 appetizers had great flavor as well. We had the country pork chop, upon the recommendation of the bartender. It was awesome. My first bite was a little bit salty, but other than that, it was perfectly charred on the outside and so juicy on the inside. My hubby thought it was a little fatty, but that aspect just made me love it more. We had some homemade fettucine which paled in comparison to the pork chop but was good. But let's get down to business...we ordered the sopapillas "dirty-Kent style." In short, perfectly fluffy doughnuts shoved with burnt orange ice cream and caramel. Heaven in a bite. We sat at the bar, which was built in entertainment. There was an obnoxious girl who insisted on sitting on my lap, but other than that, an awesome culinary experience. Thank you, Nopa. A restaurant in SF that is not overrated and overpriced? You have renewed my faith in SF restaurants.
Okay, it's been hard to rate a restaurant when you've come down with the worst stomach virus within twelve hours of scarfing down simply too much food. That said, I'd give Nopa a split 3.5 stars for food and 4.5 stars for vibe. Loved the energy and scene as I walked in. Both the bar and the communal table were packed and my friend and I hovered over some people at the bar till we got our Old Cubans (basically a mohito that's had most of the mint strained out). It was oddly served in a champagne flute, but no matter, it was good). From the bar we snagged two open stools at the communal table until two more stools opened back up at the bar. Hey, you have to be alert to advance in the musical game of bar stools. The crowd was great: a mix of young and old, green streaked hair and gray, and what seemed like people from all over the city as well as the local hood. While I loved the vibe, I'm more mixed on the food. Frankly, this is somewhat my fault as I shoud've listened to the waiter. He really recommended sharing the appetizers and that a full app plus an entree for one person might be too much. I usually use waiters for their guidance and not the final word, and well, since I didn't believe him, I went ahead and ordered the "nine hour bolognese over polenta" and the pork (a huge slab of shoulder) and half of the "ice box lemon cake" (which I enjoyed most of all -- that and the '03 Rochioli we brought!!). A few hours later (and many trips to the bathroom -- yeah, I know TMI) I really regretted having so much food. Personally, I'm kind of over the "American comfort food" fad that's sweeping the city. You don't need a 12 ounce hunk of protein on top of a cup and a half of starch to be comforting. As for the taste, it was fine, but not spectacular. I'd go again, but mainly to people watch and enjoy whomever I'm with, not so much for the food.
Showed up late for the dinner par-tay and they escorted me to the table; raves and rahs from the consumers of pork chop, chicken and lamb ensured. While there, creme brulee, mini doughtnuts w/ honey soak and a Rose pinot all shined. Service was swift, in good (ironic) humor, and the high ceilings lent to thinking of the operations they do on businessmen in China: long lurid affair toward the end of stretching femur bones to gain an inch or two? It may seem an aside, but big ceilings: they let dreamers just unfurl! And this one sees it soon unfold; a delighted sampling of the first and second course.
NOPA.....NOMA.....NO THANKS.....Yet another disappointment and yet another heartache!! My friends and I really wanted to try Nopa and we really wanted to love Nopa as much as everyone else on Yelp does...well imagine our surprise this past weekend when we left with our bellies full...our hearts broken and a sadness in our faces from the lackluster experience we had while dining there. After seeing Swan Lake at the Opera house we decided to head over to the much hyped Nopa rather than the chain that is Cheesecake Factory. We did not have a reservation and hoped to god there would not be much of a wait on Saturday night at 11:00...boy oh boy were we wrong!! The sweet hostess told us that there was a reservation for a party of 5 that were running late and if they did not show we could have their space (wait they take reservations) who knew. We were seated after a brief 20 minute wait and we were excited to order. While wating we reviewed the menu and knew exactly what we were going to eat. We started with several appetizers 1) Litttle Fish 2) Wood Baked Beans 3) Wilted Chicories and 4) Warm Goat Cheese. We ordered our drinks and as our server brought over the water and drinks for our table. My friend being sweet as she is decided to help take the glass from her servers tray...well our "hipster..... tattooed...too cool for school server had a BF "Bitch Fit" she reprimanded my friend and told her to never under any circumstances take a drink from a server's tray because it is quite dangerous" Who knew that those trays were explosive and it was only the servers hands that would keep it from igniniting. Ok I get that it could possibly cause her to lose her balance but there was no need for her to throw her attitude on us like that. Our fun evening started to go sour at that point....I mean who the hell wants to be treated like that when they are out to enjoy a nice evening. Why she felt the need to school her in front of all of us was beyond me.Our server was like a Stepford Wife she never smiled or blinked her interactions with us were robotic and it was if she was under some kind of hipster spell...."must get more tattoos...must re-fill their water...must dye my hair green....she just shuffled around to change silverware and take our order but she never engaged with us in a human kind of way which was freaky and weird!! We all felt that we were eating at a jailhouse mess hall rather than a great restaurant based on her stern attitude and almost rude behavior. Once our appetizers came we inhaled them with some serious gusto. They were delicious and on point with what everyone has said about the food at Nopa. We then proceeded to sit around for almost an hour before we got our main courses. Our warden I mean server never came back to our table to express that our food would be right out or to even acknowledge that we were even still sitting there she did come by and fill our water glasses. At that time she decided to give us all clean silverware and my friend said that she would keep hers as they were not dirty to which the server replied " No you will not keep those I have my standards"....dayuum color us scared and trained in good manners... we were all taken aback by this obvious lack of etiquette on my friends part and thanks to Nopa's amazing server (insert sarcasm here) we now know that we need to take our silverware standards to a whole nother level. Our meal finally arrived and the food was good not amazing or phenomanal but good!! I think that we were so annoyed at being there and being treated that way that the food could have come from anywhere and we would not have enjoyed it. The duck was delish as were the grass-fed burger and the rotisserie chicken. We did order dessert but they were out of everything that we ordered except one dish which our server offered on the house but at that point I was so over this hipster paradise that I was ready to roll....maybe I will head back over there when I get some tats and a few more piercings so I could hang with my peoples and feel at home but for now I would rather get my chicken from the dude at El Pollo Loco at least he don't give me no tude!! Oh and BTW if you do get iced-tea or coke there be sure to savor your one glass as you will be charged per re-fill...
It was late on a Thursday night. We haven't had dinner before going to "Chemical Imbalance" at the Exit Theater. When the show was over, I could eat but not starving.  My friend suggested NOPA. To my surprise, the place was still bustling with ppl. We didn't even get a real table; rather, we sat at a large "communal" table. Don't let that fool you, under the right circumstances, even sitting with a bunch of stranger along with your date could be surprisingly romantic. The hip yet laid-back ambiance is great for hanging out with friends. The rustic decor also caught my eyes.According to my friend, every dish is good on this single-page, double-spaced menu. He had the Red Wine Stewed Calamari, Olives, Capers and Grilled Bread and I (the vegetarian) ordered Warm Goat Cheese, Crostini and Pickled Beets. It hit the spot perfectly.
This is my 3rd or 4th time here.NOPA is loud and constantly packed. This restaurant has tapped into what I will call is the sweet spot for SF diners. It attracts the late 20 -- late 30 diners who like to get dressed up drink and eat good food. It's a place to people watch.Mixed drinks are well done with fresh ingredients. Good appetizers and entrees as well. The food is approachable and delicious and uses high quality ingredients.The worst part about NOPA is that parking is near impossible in the neighborhood.Like kind restaurants: Foreign Cinema, Absinthe, Townhall, and Range.
Yummmmmmm
NOPA is completely overrated. the menu was unexciting, my salad was overdressed, and my dinner companion's duck pate was plated like a slice of spam.as far as atmosphere, the place was cute but it was the chatter was way too loud -- the hard woods and lack of textile in the decor didn't help this. i was in good company for dinner or else i would have left sooner.i've giving 3 stars instead of 2 because at least the service was good. i don't dock points for annoying clientele because for the most part restaurants can't help it.
Those damned baked white beans are calling my name right now. 'Suzanne...Suzanne...come back and try us when you're not half-drunk." Shut. Up.I ended up at NOPA with Jill K. after a happy hour at The Page. I was half-drunk, and was definitely in that must-have-food mode. *Side note alert: I say I was half-drunk, and it's true, but only because of the laws of sharing. You know. If I'm mostly drunk but I'm with someone who is perhaps not drunk or slightly drunk then I get to share my drunk burden with them. Halvsies. Sort of like if you order a humongous dessert and your date eats a bite of it he still takes on the burden of half the calories and you can eat the rest with no guilt. Don't shake your head at me like that. Okay, back to regular programming.*Anyway, we ended up at NOPA and were seated at the chef's table, which is actually a counter right at the kitchen and next to the expediting station where you can watch everything being made and chat with the expediting chef. Which we did. It was great!We split the flatbread and the aforementioned white beans and both were delicious. I also had a lovely glass of Roussanne to wash it all down. Overall, the experience was enough to make me want to return and try more of the menu, as well as have another taste of those beans. But I want to sit in the same place! With its busy atmosphere and open kitchen, the chef's table was the best place to be.UPDATE:Not a fluke - the service is wonderful here! The food - decent and solid with some truly amazing highlights. This place goes in the recommended file.
Pretty great. Interesting dishes, decent prices, nice room. Two complaints. Our waitress didn't come around much. And while the martinis were well made and delivered to the table quickly enough to remain cold, they were the smallest drinks I have had in any restaurant in town. Bad combo; small drinks and an inattentive (probably over worked) waitress. A lotta waiting.
Okay, so I decided to meet a friend I haven't seen in over 14 years here. Nopa, what a good idea. Make a reservation, I repeat, make a reservation. We got there around 6PM and there weren't any seats at the community table. We ended up hawking bar seats. While we waited we did grab drinks from the bar, slightly over priced, but looking at this place, I wouldn't expect less. Finally we got seats at the bar. I was set on the Pork Chops, base on a few yelp posts here. Absolutely amazing. It melts in your mouth. After dinner, I washed it down with chocolate cookies and almond milk.
We loved the place, with one exception, the noise. Talking was a chore.The food was great - we started with the small fried fish (for some reason they don't want to call it Fried Smelt), enough to share for 4 of us. I had the pork chop - to die for! My colleagues all had the Moroccan Vegetarian Tangine and all sang its praises. We tried the olive oil ice cream - interesting in concept, but it's no Ben and Jerry's.We had a great waiter and the entire staff was impressive. Parking, as usual, is difficult, unless you have a Smart Car like I do.
This restaurant/bar is clearly very popular with the foodie/restaurant crowd as it's open till 1 a.m. I'm told for dinner. Sort of like San Francisco's version of Yountville's Bouchon? Amazed how crowded this was at 8 PM on a Sunday night. Lots of locals. Had to wait for fifteen minutes just to get a place to sit at the bar! Need more stools for people waiting in the common area. Bar/mixologists clearly very competent and knowledgeable. Any place that sports fifteen vareities of bitters is my kind of place! Wine list broad but not deep. Plenty of oppportunity to find a nice botte, though. Wines by the glass prettty limited and uninspired. Menu sort of the same. Food solid but not inspired and I can't recall anything I saw on the menu other than the chicken the guy next to me had and the burger I had. This is a place I would love to have as a neighborhood hangout (which is what it seems to be). I'd go back but I wouldn't drive across town for it.
I've lived in the Western Addition neighborhood for two decades now. I respect my neighbors who have lived here a lot longer. When I talk to them, I ask whether they've ever heard of NOPA (North of Panhandle). They frown and say no. NOPA is a name invented by real estate agents who want to make the area sound more affluent (also, perhaps, more white?).This restaurant isn't even technically north of the Panhandle, which ends several blocks west of the hipster (uh, Divisadero) corridor.The moral of my story is that I don't care how great the food is, I can't eat a bite or spend a dollar at this restaurant, because of its name.
fun place if you can score a table w/o reservation. Been here a few times and have enjoyed it for a nice night out. Food is well executed. Entrees aren't huge so there is always room for dessert. Yummy creme brulee. Good vibe. Nice decor. Friendly and welcoming.
Noisy and crowded. Good food, not fantastic for the price though. The little gem salad was delicious, bread was excellent, the fish stew was OK. I don't see either entrees on their current menu; I guess they keep things rotating, which is cool.If the reservation list is full you can take your chances at the bar, which is what I did. The hostess will take your coat, and the bartenders are knowledgeable.
I was hoping for more here. The menu was interesting, but in the end the food was too salty, too much garlic, and in general over seasoned. I tried two different wines and they were both excellent. The restaurant was one of the loudest i have been too in a long time, and i think they overpack the place. I will not be returning any time soon.
Absolutely lovely meal and experience. Put our name down at 6:30 (could have actually been seated then but wanted to wait until 7:30 when a friend was free), came back at 7:30, had half a drink at the bar and was seated at the counter overlooking the kitchen at 8. The hostess was super friendly and accommodating. Chatted with the chef as he organized the plates coming out of the kitchen, had appetizers (which were an amazing meal in themselves) and then waited a few minutes for our friend to come, then ordered more entrees. everyone was so nice and never rushed us. It was like eating a meal at your best friend's house if your best friend happened to be an amazing chef. :) apps we had: the flatbread (which our friend said was a revelation), calamari over more delicious bread, albacore tuna, sardines. all amazing. tastes refined but generous portions. then we shared the porkchop, pasta and green beans with romesco. as previous reviewers have said, the pork chop is incredible. get it. plus the meal came out to 70$/couple plus tip. which really isn't bad for being stuffed on amazing food and having a glass or two of wine.i think as long as you're not super rushed and looking for a casual, but easy-going-ly delicious meal, this is the place.
Alphabet Soup- N DinnerFor the rest of my life, I will tell the "where were you" story beginning with NOPA. While I typically try to avoid writing reviews that include personal anecdotes, it cannot be avoided for this monumental and historic meal. November's installment of my monthly restaurant club "Alphabet Soup" brought us to NOPA on 11.04.08..... yes, election day.I will tell my grandkids that we were enjoying a delicious meal, that the service was impeccable, the ambiance cozy yet electric, but that I was so distracted by the incoming poll results that I can't even recall exactly what we ordered. We were eating with our right hands and clicking refresh on our phones with the left. It was during our entrees just past 8 pm that the election was called and Obama declared the winner. Suddenly it felt like New Years Eve: everyone was cheering, pounding fists on tables, revelers from the sidewalk rushing in, champagne bottles popping all around us. The patrons and staff paused their meals or their work and collectively raised a glass to our new president-elect. We toasted as strangers, yet forever united by the common experience and hope for a new America. Through the windows we watched crowds form on the sidewalk, elated and toasting to the soundtrack of joyful car horns. It was like a ticker-tape parade and it was beautiful. I thoroughly enjoyed my first dinner at NOPA this past June for my birthday, and now after following it up with election night, the following can be said with relative certainty:- NOPA is the perfect locale for an epic meal or special event- The service is fantastic at NOPA- the food at NOPA is beautifully presented, delicious, and thoughtful- NOPA follows the slow food movement using local, organic, sustainable, and ethical produce and meats- NOPA leaves you feeling like you had an unforgettable meal, even if you forget the specifics of said meal
Update: 11/27/06After a full dinner here on Saturday evening, I have upped my rating of NOPA from 4 to 5 stars. I really adore this place! The service is consistently great, and the food is delicious. The other night, I had the little gem lettuces with fiscalini and creamy herb vinaigrette, shared the flatbread with gruyere, bacon, and caramelized onions, and split the Mediterranean fish stew. Chocolate pot de creme with mini chocolate chip cookies for dessert. All the food was excellent, and service was extremely efficient even despite the place being crowded and busy. I really appreciated that Jeff, one of the co-owners, was circulating the dining room and checking in with the patrons. You can really feel the love and pride that the NOPA staff puts into their restaurant. Five glowing stars!***********************************************************Quality food after midnight? Yes, please! Love it!I've been here once during normal dinner hours, and several times for late night eating. The staff is always friendly and accommodating, and the food is consistently delicious. I highly recommend the flatbread (toppings are constantly changing) and the Mediterranean fish stew. I recently had the early girl tomato salad with feta which was flavorful yet appropriately delicate and balanced with the acidity of the tomatoes and creaminess of the cheese. I also tried the wild king salmon carpaccio, which was good but I tend to prefer smoked salmon. The fish was extremely fresh and beautifully presented.On a recent visit, my friends and I came in at 12:52 (they stop serving food at 1). The waiter came right up to us and pleasantly asked us if we wanted food, and let us order off of the entire menu. When you work in customer service, and you are ready to close up, it can be a real drag to deal with more customers. This really impressed me. I also love how they serve an amuse bouche: last time it was a granny smith apple with house-made almond butter... drool...The drink selection and bar staff is also outstanding.The Old Cuban (a mojito served up and topped with cava) is delicious. Try not to imbibe too many, though, as they are rather hangover-inducing. One suggestion to NOPA: for the love of all humanity, PLEASE bring back your house-made chocolate ice cream. It's absolutely heavenly!NOPA aims to please, and I have yet to be disappointed.
Ahh...NOPA. Thank you for a wonderful anniversary meal. Your relaxing atmosphere was so very comfortable and the martinis welcomed the evening with cool finesse. My vegetable tagine surprised me with a different taste in each and every bite. The Yelp-turned-legendary fries were nothing short of my expectations. Oh, I was curious about the dessert menu, but nothing really captured my imagination. The meal and experience were enough to bubble you up to the top of my San Francisco restaurant suggestions. Until we meet again Nopa.
I like NOPA but I can't say I love it. And I have to admit that I think I enjoy the layout of this place a bit more than the food I've had here. I enjoy being seated in the loft area so I can watch the chefs and people-watch down below. I wouldn't mind coming back here to try some other plates but I haven't had anything amazingly spectacular thus far.
Went on a Friday night, and, no surprise, extremely crowded. I was taken in by how earnestly they tried to accommodate me. I assume it wasn't just me, since I didn't show any skin. Reservations were pretty late, since it was last minute, but they have a first come, mostly first served, so, if you're quick, you can manage to get a table, which we did.The bar is busy, but the bartenders try to take care of everyone. Not outstanding, but enough good stuff to choose from. Food was good - had no complaints, but nothing I would jump out and recommend.4 stars, but I'm not really hot on naming a restaurant for the area that it's in.
Why has it taken me this long to review NOPA? Two words: PORK CHOP.If you have never been to NOPA order the chop. I promise. It's like a pound of medium rare bacon in your face. Unreal. Might be the best dish you can order. in all of SF. I'm serious.
one of my fav restaurants in the lower haight/panhandle area. i love the ambiance and the huge, airy space. the bar is a nice compliment to the large dining area. reservations are a bit tough but the large open seating table at the front of the restaurant really helps mediate the crowd. my favorite dish is the flatbread, hands down. its the perfect balance of doughy and crispy. highly recommend nopa, but best to make a reservation!
worth it.1. expect a 2-3 hour wait if you don't have a reservation (hostess was a little snarky)2. everything is delicious 3. get the pork chop
Not so much. Not thrilled on the menu, and while my tomato soup was great; it was tomato soup?! I think they are trying too hard and my cocktail wasnt that great, and overpriced. The service was OK, but not great. Too many great resturants in SF to waste mula and time on this one...
The service was alright...We started at the Family table and was then eventually giving a regular table... pretty good for no reservations on a Friday night! The food is great and organic. I had the butternut squash flat bread and could barely eat it all. MY friend had the pork and it was awesome!The menu changes with the seasons, which is a good thing (as Martha would say)Also, There is a roasted veggie plate I would recommend to meat eaters and vegetarians alike. Great drinks...but I'd stay away from the wine list...not my favorite in sf. Over all...definitely go and check this place out with some friends. Two thumbs up!
I've been wanting to try NOPA for a long time and was thrilled that a friend suggested we dine there last week. Overall, I was not that impressed. The service was good and the ambiance was nice. (I really enjoyed the space and decor.) But the food was only ok. I ordered the black cod, that came on a bed of lentils with blood oranges. It was a bit bland. For dessert, I ordered the warm chocolate cake with burnt orange caramel. It was far too sweet. I could barely get down 2 bites. For someone who hates to waste food, I actually left 90% of it on the table uneaten. My friend thought it was too sweet too, so he took only one bite.I don't think I'll write the place off entirely. I like the space enough that I think I'll consider going back to at least enjoy a glass of wine and try a different entree.
This is one of my favorite restaurants in the city. It's lively. They've got a great wine list, but make even better cocktails. The food is perfect with inexpensive standards like caesar salad and a hamburger, but also entrees that are innovative and change based on the season. The only down-side is the tough parking.
Of course the food was great - it's been written about many many times here. The wine even better (a yummy Cabernet Franc).But the real reason I'm writing this fully Yelped business is to mention the classy way they handled a difficult, very loud table of 3 drunk guys who were sitting next to our table for two. There was only a 4 inch gap of air between our small table and theirs, and immediately after being seated we were blasted with their loud talking, high-fiving, "f***ing" shouts about this "f***ing" thing and that "f***ing" thing. Waitstaff and management began to talk with them about their behavior shortly after we arrived, and when they tried to order after-dinner drinks, the server would not accomodate them. Unfortunately, the manager ultimately bought a round of drinks after a long discussion with them about why they weren't being served. But NOPA also comped us with a round as well. There are loud and drunk people everywhere, and the nice thing was that the NOPA staff did work hard and were successful at calming this party down enough so that our evening (and that of the other diners around us) was not completely ruined.
It feels like it's better to just order a burger than to try other items on the menu, which I did and felt disappointed by. I will come back again, however. The ambience is lively. We sat in the second floor, with a view of the chatters-by.
Eh, not impressed. First of all, we made a reservation for 7:30 and sat down closer to 9. On a Monday. My chicken was way too salty and WHY was a random couple allowed to totally go at it in the (well lit) bar area? Again, on a Monday. Minus extra cool points for the creepy guys in the bar area preying on all the women, although I guess that isn't Nopa's fault per se. But you're only as classy as your clientele.
Food: Tasty, decent sized portions. The burger was delicious.Staff: Friendly, efficientVibe: Loud, buzzing, not relaxing, but funWait: Very, very, insanely long. We left to get a drink at Bar 821. Two drinks later (more than an hour) we returned and were seated another 15 minutes after that.Wine: I hate wine lists that don't cater to people who either can't afford or don't want to spend more than $40 on a bottle. This is one of those places and I hate them for it.Value: Aside from the wine, the food was reasonably priced.Overall: A bit trendy, very popular, tasty, but probably not worth the time or hassle to go to again, for a while at least.
Came here for a double date. A very warm atmosphere with incredibly high ceilings that work very well with the space. We ordered the trout, roasted chicken, burger and pappardelle and we all enjoyed it immensely!! Great service and beautiful presentation of the food.
As the 302nd person to review NOPA, I seriously doubt that I will be able to add any new insight into how great of a place it is, but I thought I'd write this anyway to remind myself of how much I enjoyed the pork chop, and how I want to go back again soon to try the burger (hey, if Michael Bauer likes it, I figured it's gotta be pretty decent). Besides the pork chop, I thought the wine list was great... both by the glass and bottle. The Nebbiolo I ordered was fantastic. I doubt I'd come back for another full meal, but as a late night dining spot where all you really need is a few appetizers and drinks, NOPA would be perfect. Cheers to that!
Great whiskey drinks. Picnic tables are social. Only 4 stars because I found it a bit pricey.
I made a concious effort to WAIT on this review so as to not appear to be starving for a "first" and then weeks passed and it now appears that so has the hype. Regardless, I had a lovely time at NOPA. Lamb flatbread. Lamb...Flatbread...I am still dreaming of it. The entrees weren't as delish. Order the apps. All of them. (Aren't you glad that I spared you the this-new-NOPA-neighborhood-thing-is-lame diatribe? hmmm?)
"Early to Rise, Early to Bed. Makes a Man Healthy but Socially Dead!" If that's the slogan this restaurant lives up to it. Open late and serving great food with an awesome ambiance this is a consistently great restaurant, just make sure to have a reservation.
I have now been to NOPA twice, the second time being better than the first - this is a very good sign.We came here in a group of eight close to eleven pm and the staff was incredibly accomodating, even when our party grew unexpectedly and they had to move us. Throughout the whole meal the staff was attentive and on top of it, which is difficult to come by at such a late hour. The food was excellent! I enjoyed a little gems salad and the veggie tagine entree, which for a veggie entree was filling and tasty. Our desserts were happily shared by all, the housemade doughnuts in particular were so good as to be BAD. We all sampled the inventive cocktails, some I liked more than others, but that's a personal thing. We also received an excellent recommendation for a bottle of Burgandy from our server who seemed quite knowledgeable.It was a great night. I'll be back a lot, expecially since they know that people still need to eat after ten pm!
go here. order eveything. make a reso. this place was packed from the time we showed up (8:30) til the time we left (11:30). PACKED. my lady friends and i split a bunch of apps and they were all amazing. was not super impressed with our server (i am a server) so thats why i take away a star. go for the food. maybe order a beer or wine? the coctails were yummy but tiny (im also a bartender). no matter what, just go here. your mouth will thank you.
I'm talking overrated. and not overrated in the sense of too cool for school but like are you joking? we're in a time of reccesion and how the hell is this place still consistentlycrowded? pretty certain there are better things to spend your money but whatever. food is aiight.
I tried the NOPA buger. It made me squirm with delight. Juicy meat goodness.
So the food was good. I liked the salad of arugula, blood oranges, and fennel: It was light a citrusy, and the seasoned chick peas... YUMM! The fries were fine, but aren't fries kinda hard to ruin? My stealhead was done well, but the sides left something to be desired.For dessert we had the warm donut-holes with caramel--OMG another YUMM!The service was good and our waitress recommended a good wine. Prices were fair too.Somehow the atmosphere seemed to put me off a bit, not because of the decor, because I think they did a good job setting the place up, but the acoustics in NOPA are terrible. I could not hear a thing.Overall, I was just satisfied, not overwhelmed.
Just got back from NOPA. Faultless fried fish. Absolutely delicious fried smelt. Really, really good.Sauteed greens were terrific. Cocktail was great.Would definitely return. Friend was perfectly with the hamburger. maybe not Heston Blumenthal grade, but still happy.
Had such a wonderful dinner here on Thursday night. We sat upstairs which offers a slightly more romantic atmosphere, but not too secluded from the buzz down below...and you get ultimate people watching.To start we shared the salmon carpaccio, spinach salad, and goat cheese crositini, and all were delicious. Neither of us had tried Portugese wine before, so our really sweet, helpful server, Ryan, helped us pick out a bottle that we both really enjoyed. We then shared the fish stew which was soooooooo rich and delicious - again, a recommendation Ryan had made over the other fish offered on the menu (I think it was cod), and he was definitely spot on. It was amazing. We picked at it recreationally long after we were full.This was a wonderful dining experience, so I really don't understand some of the negative reviews I have read. Maybe we were lucky, but the other patrons around us seemed to be enjoying themselves equally as much.
Firstly, a caveat - Having cracked open a bottle of petite syrah earlier in the night to "unwind" after work, I was already quite buzzed by the time I showed up for a group dinner at NOPA.From what I remember, however, I was not overwhelmingly impressed by the food. I would recommend NOPA, nonetheless, for the following reasons:Sometimes you just need a fun scene. NOPA was crowded and sceney (without being pretentious) in a way that I miss after having been away from New York City for a year. The service was very good, although the waiter's recommendations were all the opposite of what I would pick (other than a great wine recommendation).In terms of the food, the appetizers were good, and the rest of the meal down to the dessert was not NOT good, but a bit underwhelming (from the burger w fries to the steak to whatever it was that I had - I frankly can't remember). I remember eating the entire pecan pie dessert and it being decently good, though not worth the 10,000 calories I probably consumed.And I had a great time. The place was ideal for a group dinner and just loud enough to have a rowdy time and inappropriate conversations amongst friends in a fun venue. Would come here again, but definitely not a decision driven solely by the food.Make sure you make a reservation!
It doesn't get better then this in SF right now; a current top 10 restaurant. If they have the little fried fish - GET THEM!A lot of restaurants could learn a lot from NOPA.
NoPa is AWESOME. Seriously awesome. The food is extraordinary. The chefs are artists. Before dinner they always give a free... I'm not sure what it's called, but it's some kind of exotic food combination. Just a little something to whet your palette. So far, they've had fresh cut melon and salt, some kind of gorgeous radish with some kind of sauce over it that really tasted like an incredible explosion of flavors, and the last time was a house made potato chip with a bit of blood orange creme fraiche on it. I put a little of the accompanying salt on it, and was really amazed at the combination of flavors.When red peppers are in season, they have this roasted red pepper and feta dip that's absolutely amazing. Their burgers, as people have said, are really top notch. I'd expand to other items on their menu, but their burgers is really one of the best in town and I have no reason to change!Edit: 7/1/2008 - My Birthday DinnerWell, I have to say that I'm at the very least a VERY picky eater. I like things the way I like them, and have trouble getting it any other way. Suffice to say, since it was my birthday and trip #5 or 6 I was feeling a bit courageous and bartered with Mark, our server, to see if I couldn't get the baked pasta (which they have since added fish to, which I don't eat) prepared in some kind of way that I could eat it. They came back with substitutions and alternatives that made my mouth water, but, again, I'm very picky so I declined and went with the rotisserie chicken. The phrases, "danced on my tastebuds" and the fact that the rotisserie chicken, both white and dark meat (which I don't usually eat) "melted" down my throat.This place is amazing. Definitely go.
Great food, probably some of the best food I've had in SF. Got the pork chops which were great. Also, really liked the sausage flatbread. It was dope.
This is one of the best restaurants in SF. I am usually not a fan of pork chops, but their pork chop is simply amazing....almost taste like red meat to me. They cook it just perfectly, very tender and juicy. The flavors are sooo amazing. The only thing is that you have to make reservations...otherwise you are bound to be waiting for hours for a table....it is that busy. The first time we went there we didn't know and waited for 3 hours for a table and sat for dinner around 11pm. But it was all worth the wait!!
Truth be told, I was very skeptical about this place before I was dragged there by my better half, who, like everyone else, had heard good things about it from a friend.As you know, restaurants like this open and close in San Francisco frequently, so it's hard to get too excited about it. But I have to admit, after having the grass fed burger and the country pork chop, we knew right away that this place is popular for a damn good reason-- it's GOOD! They rotisserie the pork chops and barbecue the steaks in an open kitchen. We got a seat where we could see the line chefs and all this going on. They actually rotisserie the chicken over the pork chops and burgers so the juices drip onto them. You know that this tastes as good as it sounds.And the portion size is very adequate. This may be the best burger in all of SF... definitely gives places like Balboa Cafe, Joe's Cable Car, and Street a run for their money. The service by our waiter was pretty expert: Friendly, knowledgeable, informative, but without being pretentious. Familiar and relaxed, without being too informal or glib. He definitely deserved the generous tip.Drinks at the bar were a little pricey, but well made. This place gets packed during normal dinner hours. We got there at 5, and it filled up within 30 minutes. Luckily, they are open till late, another great bonus.NOPA is here to stay, and I am glad to know that SF has yet another truly great restaurant.
Expect to run into mortgage brokers, lawyers, and accountants here because the bar is where they like to do a lot of their drinking, evidently. The kitchen, on the other hand, is a little less serious and a lot less boring. If you can afford it, NOPA is a great late-night dining option since the kitchen stays open past midnight, which is still unusual for the neighborhood.
I agree with some who have said that the food does not quite live up to the hype. That said, everything was very good - just not quite as fantastic as i expected based on what I've heard from some of my friends.The meal started with a bit of organic radish with butter and sea salt - just enough flavor to whet my appetite. This little touch, brought to the table shortly after we arrived, was really one of my favorite parts of the meal. We also had a delicious goat cheese, crostini, and pickled beet appetizer (I love beets, and I'm so excited they're hip right now). Then I had the fish stew, which was a delightful mix of flavors, and the calamari was particularly good. Also particularly good was the duck, prepared perfectly so it was flavorful and tender but not too fatty. The broccoli side was also great - simple and delicately flavored with a bit of garlic and bread crumbs.Then came dessert, which was really the crowning achievement of the meal. The chocolate pudding cake with lavendar caramel and creme fraiche. I will be dreaming about this for weeks, if not months. I literally could not take a bite of this decadent bit of heaven without closing my eyes, sitting back from the table, and murmuring a euphoric "mmmmmm." The lavender in the caramel offered a perfect contrast, enhancing the chocolate without taking away a bit of its flavor. Not to be missed.
I finally stopped in after hearing the buzz for months, and I gotta say I was impressed. To be honest I had been a little put off by the name but I'm over that now. We sat at the little chef's counter and so were right on top of the action in the kitchen. There was a guy working next to us, guiding the dishes out as they came up on the line. He introduced himself and I asked if he was the expediter, which he kind of laughed off. After talking with him for a bit I realized he must be the chef. He was super nice and treated us like we were special guests. I think it's cool he's there overseeing everything that comes out of the kitchen, even at one in the morning, and that attitude explains how this place flew out of the gate like it did.We actually didn't eat too much, it being so late and all. They had run out of the riblets, but we had the white beans and a salad and both were very good. I am digging this late night dining trend in sf and will be back to try the burger and fries and the flatbread.
One of my favorites. The prices are steep, but you get what you pay for - the food is excellent. What I love about Nopa is the attention to detail - the attentive staff, the promptness, the all-around-good-service. Yay.
Yes this place was yummy. I had been here once before and was not overly impressed with the food but for some reason this time (maybe it was the wine, the company...) I did enjoy what I had. I got the goat cheese appetizer (the bomb, it comes with great little pieces of yummy toast and very spreadable goat cheese with a great beet side salad) and the chicken (a lot of chicken, but it was moist and really liked the croutons, although I could have had a few more croutons). The server was very attentive and friendly, always refilling our water glass and checking in for drinks. I liked their signature Old Cuban drink, tasted like a refreshing garden, in a good way. Perfect for summer! Great little place in the city to make you realize that you truly appreciate living in SF for the great food and ambiance.gee, apparently I like the word "great"!
I had high hopes. I think that after reading just about every review (there are 270 right now) on yelp that I was going to be in love with NOPA from minute one...In a way, I was, our reservation was on time and the lay out of the place was really nice, cute even. Our server was unrushed, cute and laid-back. After getting a bottle of syrah (I should have got some direction here, it was kinda blah) we started with a spinach salad to share. I was really impressed with the salad and in retrospect that was the best thing that we ate.. I think that I was dragging a finger through the dressing as the plate was being taken away... it was that good.ANYWAY. My friend had the flat bread with onion, Gruyere and bacon... I had a pork chop... In fact... I had on of the biggest pork chops of my life... I think that oddly enough with both dishes that there was just too much of them. I think that pairing this down into more concentrated quality of food with a few extra flavors would have been a great improvement, while the first 4 bites were good, the flavors got lost and uninteresting after awhile. Also, the cut of pork that I got wasn't the best I have seen.I finally have to take away a star for the presentation of the roasted squash... I mean, for $6 you can figure out how to make this look like more than 8 pieces of squash on a plate, I put more effort into food I make at home when I eat alone.... I will make a frozen dinner look better than this before I eat it. Just shows where the kitchen priorities are... this and the fact that the entrees took over 30 minutes to come out... not cool.I will be back. I like the vibe... I just will not come running.
It was late on a Sunday, and I was hungry. My friend suggested we go to NOPA. "It's after 9 on a Sunday, they won't be open." I said. I was wrong. They're open until 1 am, 7 days a week. How did I not know this? They're just down the street from me.Well, I would have known if I had visited, which I hadn't. It says so right on the door. The restaurant was bustling, even on a Sunday night, but we were able to sit at the communal table without much of a wait. The drink and wine lists are extensive. My friend had a basil-lime gimlet; then an amuse-bouche came - slices of apple with almond butter and salt.The food took a long time to arrive, but our server kept checking in with us, which I appreciated. I was hungry when the lamb riblet appetizer arrived. This wasn't some Applebee's dish - it was meaty slices of lamb on the bone, which quickly fell off the bone. Very tasty.I had the roasted chicken with a side of slaw. The slaw was sweet, and the chicken was tender. She had the pork chop, with a savory side of vegetable, bacon, and apples. Within minutes, there was nothing left on either of our plates.It took most of my willpower to avoid pushing my friend off her chair to steal her chocolate pot de creme with little chocolate chip cookies. I contented myself with a cup of coffee instead.All told, I was impressed and will return. In fact, I have returned several times, sometimes just for dessert and coffee, other times for meals. From these visits I've learned that (1) if you want the flourless chocolate cake with the stout ice cream, order one for yourself. Your dining companion might give you one bite of it, but after that you'd better resign yourself to watching them wolf down the rest of it; (2) the donut holes, while tasty, are a little too sweet from being rolled in sugar, so you should just get the chocolate dessert instead; (3) corkage is $20, which I guess is standard for San Francisco. At least they offer to decant it for you.
love this place. a lil crowded in the bar area at night, but the food is great. service was awsome too...
Well, what can I say? Cocktails were great, table service was excellent, the food was extremely disappointing (Whatever you do - DO NOT order the Bruschetta), and the hostesses reminded me of air stewardesses that say Ba-bye and do that over the top kind of smile but look you up and down kind of thing. Uck.So many choices for great cuisine in SF - I won't be frequenting this place again other than to enjoy the bar.
Walked in at 6:15pm Saturday night and sat at the bar. Had the most excellent bartender, Ben - too bad he's moving to San Diego (boo hoo). Went for a pre-show drinky & nibbles. We ended up ordering 4 different cocktails between the 2 of us. Loved them all! I highly recommend the Ultimate Cocktail (not on the menu) and The Old Cuban. Somehow I can't remember the other two..lol!  Now for the food: The sardines w/ eggplant salad was excellent (order it w/ some of their good sourdough on the side). We split the grass-fed burger and fries - delicious, too. Nice guy next to me ordered some yum-looking choco dessert and said it was delish, too.My reason for 4 vs. 5 stars: I like the menu, and everything they do (service, atmosphere, drinks and food) is done with attention to detail but, I'd like a deeper menu since the few things we tried were so good. I think the owners and this staff could blow people away if they wanted to.Atmosphere is cozy. Nice and mostly caucasoid crowd this first visit. Eye candy was in the ladies' favor on this night. Looking forward to a next, full-on dinner w/ friends or family so we can really explore the menu. Kudos to this husband and wife team and their excellent staff. They were definitely making this place hum and we'll be back.
I was expecting so much more than I got. Let us begin w/ the space, big, open and loud as hell. The food was passable. We started w/ the flat bread with early girl tomatoes, mozzarella and basil (more like pizza if you ask me) and the goat cheese and beet salad. The salad was okay. The goat cheese didn't really have much of a bite to it. It was more like a warm ball of creme fraiche w/ toast points, pickled beets and frisee. Loved the beets and thought the goat cheese helped out the flat bread that was pretty lackluster.The entrees we chose were the short ribs and the black cod. The cod was very tasty The skin was nice and crisp and the flesh moist and buttery. This was perfectly prepared. Too bad the best dish was the smallest The shorts ribs were just okay. They were braised and served atop some cranberry beans. The two components didn't work well together. Since I shared both entrees, trading dishes mid-way through, I can say that after I mashed the beans up and created a consistency closer to the starch they should've served w/ it was still just okay. No love for this spot. Won't return and won't recommend.
What we ordered:Appetizers:olives9 hour Bolognese (awesome. I would come back just for this dish)salad with panko crumbsEntrees:Lamb x 2 (falling off the bone amazing, a bit too much cumin or anise flavor for me since I like my lamb with salt gris and pepper)porkchop (wonderfully and simply seasoned)broccoli side (interesting treatment, wonderful charring and eggs)Desserts:blueberry upside down cake with lemon icecream (our favorite)Chocolate torte/ mousse (least favorite)donut holes with rum caramel (pass on the donuts, but I loved the rum caramel)apricot tarte with honey ice cream (pretty standard)Drinks:Elderflower cocktail/ martini (amazing flavor, but not strong enough!)red wineI do have to say I'm a bit pickier now that I've been to French Laundry. The waitstaff was kind but maybe a little intrusive; we got asked over and over again if we were happy, and dangit if we're eating and chatting, we're happy!! :D
This place is great. They use fresh ingredients, change up the menu regularly, have fantastic service, & great ambiance. I love it. Oh yeah, and it's open late (2am). Alejandro is the man. The flatbread is the shit - be sure to get it on a night they have mushrooms. The burger is clutch as is the chicken. A little pricey, but totally worth it.
Great place to eat IF you are a carnivore. The tagine was lackluster.
This place is near by home so it was about time I tried it. I went with my fiance and we were ushered up to the top level. It was hot up there. Almost uncomfortably hot. We asked the waitress about it and she said it rarely gets that hot. Our luck, I guess. It was too crowded to do much about it.I had a hard time finding something to order on the menu. Normally, something will jump out. I was a bit let down by the choices. Nopa had been talked up by friends who had been there and enjoyed it.There was a minor issue with the wine selection as I asked the waitress for a wine based on what I like. She suggested something which turned out to not be what I had asked for. I rarely send back wine but she saw that I hadn't drank much and offered a Do Over. She came through the second time. The waitress was great.On to the food....We started out with the octopus flatbread. My fiance liked it much more than me. She had the halibut for the main course, which looked a bit bland. It was so so for me. I had the roasted chicken. It was tasty but very oily. Along with our mains, we ordered a side of fries with their pepper aioli. The fries were well done. At this point, the food had been average. Nothing special. Their desserts saved them from getting 2 stars.The doughnut holes with rum sauce were great. But better than them, was my butterscotch pudding. It was the best part of the meal. No contest.Would I go back? Nah. There are more places to try. Even though this is a few blocks from my house, I don't think it will be top of mind next time I want to eat out. Not with Little Star nearby!
NOPA, you make my heart sing. I had the chicories (bitter lettuce) salad to start. It was combined with bacon - small, juicy, fatty pieces, then kumquats, and to top it off - a poached egg that you broke over the entire salad. What I loved about this dish was that the tastes were so unfamiliar and new, and the combination was so original- it's great to try dishes you would have never dreamed up yourself. As an entree, the sea bass was fabulous. I managed a forkful of sea bass, bulghur wheat, and almond at the same time, and I was in heaven. We sat at the bar and the bartenders and servers were all incredibly friendly and looked they were having a blast at work, which is a great sign at any establishment.
Having spent years working in the restaurant business, I am more forgiving than most diners in some areas (our server is clearly slammed so no big she hasn't taken our order yet, or it's a new restaurant they are still working out the kinks) and much less in others (our server is clearly NOT slammed and bitch should have taken our order already, or serving food without silverware is a grave mistake).Now, I have never done before what I did at Nopa. Before I even ordered, I walked out. Yes that's right folks, in a mere 15 mins, our server managed to offend us so badly we were done.We sat down and we waited. And waited. I watched our waitress walk by our table (since we were right near the service station) over and over and over again. Finally we flag her down. "Tap water is just fine thank you." She turns to walk away. "Can I also have some tea?" She turns to walk away -- we have to stop her to ask for something other than water for the other person sitting at the table. She is surprisingly short and borderline agitated with us. Did I say something?Then we wait, and wait and wait again. We watch her walk by again, and again, and again. Now, I'm hungry. I'm PISSED. I am invoking my service expertise as I watch her every move. She's refilling waters, she's bringing more bread, she's replacing napkins - i.e. taking our order (sort of waitress responsibility #1) is more important than what she's doing. Bitch is ignoring us!Finally, we flag her down again as she heads back to the station after clearing someone's table. "Can we order please?" "Yeah can you give me a minute to set this down?" she says with a COMPLETE ATTITUDE. Now.... I don't care how incompetent you are or how bad of a day you're having, you're in the service industry goddamit and there's no fucking room for attitude under any circumstances. I could be a raving bitch insulting your mother and you've got to take it with a smile, that's the deal.Max turns to me, jaw on the table in shock. "Let's go," he says for the first and only time over the hundreds of times we've eaten out together. "Yeah" I concur, for the first and only time over the hundreds of times we've eaten out together. We're so done.But unfortunately... I know the hostess. Who immediately grabs the manager, and who, to her credit, immediately offers to remedy the situation by offering a new table downstairs and a free meal. So we decide to give them a chance.Then the food comes. I had a seafood stew which was fine but nothing special. Max had the burger. He almost always eats everything ("my parents were war babies, remember"). He eats half, and takes the second half to go --- so he can throw it out outside because he doesn't want to have to explain why he couldn't get more than half of it down it was so undercooked.Which is to say, just when it couldn't get much worse -- it did. At least we didn't have to pay for it.
This trendy restaurant is a combination of traditional and new world, and perhaps the mix of its clientele is in itself a good indicator of this fusion. We went to NOPA (North Of the PAnhandle) Fri evening. This, of course, was after we made reservations a week in advance. (Note: Reservations are accepted over the phone only)We made it a point to get there a little early, expecting parking hassles and we were not disappointed. 10 mins later the parking gods smiled on us and we got a spot a minute away from the restaurant.The entrance to the restaurant was crowed and once we entered we saw an eclectic mix of well dressed socialites, and plain folks just hanging out at the full bar. We were seated fairly quickly on the mezzanine level. That is the place to enjoy the food, especially since you get a bird's eye view of the bar and for a select few, a view of its open kitchen. We were seated right above that kitchen, with court side seats to watch the cooking process. And it was pretty entertaining.Nopa's wine menu is pretty extensive and well organized. We ordered a couple of cocktails, which got to our table in fewer than 10 mins. That gave us enough time to go through the menu of the day and order the full course (appetizers and main course). The appetizers were broccoli flatbread with marinated red onions, bacon bits and an amazing lemon aioli with asparagus soup & Orange blossom crme fraiche. The soup was immediately comforting, although the orange blossom crme fraiche portion was a little too cosmetic and did not add to the flavor.The next 25 minutes were spent waiting for the main course (a very busy night for the kitchen, perhaps). We kept ourselves entertained by enjoying a "live" cooking show as we watched the kitchen downstairs.That kitchen is outfitted with a fryer, wood-burning oven and wood grill, and so it can cook just about anything....and it's an organic kitchen too!!Our server, Ryan, brought the main dish just as we thought our orders were lost in all the craziness of the crowd at the full bar below. The seared duck breast was cooked medium-rare (just as I had ordered), moist to the taste, however a little too salty for my taste. I made sure I washed it down with the Blood & Sand drink. The house made Tagliatelle pasta hit the right spot, and proved to be a good choice too.Overall this place gets a "Yay! I am a fan" rating for its food. The total experience however was a little disappointing, given the delay in getting food in a relatively fast manner.Couple of things to keep in mind as you consider a visit. Make sure you see their online menu the same day as your reservations. Their menu changes daily. Get there early and take the time to stroll around the neighborhood, before you work up an appetite. Last, but not least, keep lots on time on your hand.Bon Apptit!
NOPA = NOPE!Harsh but true, the petals are off the rose for NOPA. It's so sad to see a place fall apart when it started out with so much promise! I live in the 'hood and was thrilled when NOPA first opened. The servers were the gold standard; the food terrific. I was enamored with NOPA's commitment to sustainable and local foodstuffs.  I took my family there. My friends. My out-of-town business associates. You name it, we went to NOPA. And they all LOVED it and told their friends, and so on, and so on. But now, something has changed, and I warn everyone I know against eating there. My last couple of visits to NOPA were dismal: terrible/non-existent service, surprisingly tasteless food, and even a run-in with a manager who has no customer service skills. And then, I bumped into one of my favorite servers who has now apparently moved on to another (very well-known and highly regarded) restaurant. This person was very professional, and would not "dish" (no pun intended) on what's changed, but did say he wasn't at all surprised by my recent experiences. So I still wonder, "What happened, NOPA, what happened?" Please bring the old NOPA back before it's too late.
This is a cool spot for a drink, they have great beer, and it's a plus for being open late. The ambiance was chill, and I didn't mind the wait in line, but the food was not that great and it took a long time to get our food. I don't know if I would come here again.
Too bad for the long wait. The wait is stressful but somehow it all ends up worth it. The cocktails are fabulous--the side car and old cuban--are great and help the wait if someone doesn't bump into you and spill it.The food is fabulous. I eat here regularly and have yet to be disappointed. I just have to remember to make reservations.
I've eaten there twice & it's been delicious. And the bar area is always packed late. My complaint lies mainly in how EXPENSIVE it is compared to everywhere else along the Divis corridor. I'm just afraid they've out-classed the 'hood is all.But seriously, maybe the finest twelve-dollar cheeseburger I've ever had.(OH SNAP YES THAT WAS A BACKHANDED COMPLIMENT)
Beautiful desserts and my favorite cocktail, plus they stay open late which is a huge plus. I've spent many nights enjoying the blue bottle martinis well into the wee hours.
Come here for the crowd and stay for the food! NoPa is the type of friendly neighborhood restaurant/bar that even the pickiest foodies will love. Serving creative rustic Americano cuisine, NoPa utilizes local, in-season, organic ingredients to create an ever evolving menu. Try the flat bread for starters (better share with someone) then move on to their famous pork chop or grass-fed hamburger. The bartendars mix-up some of the best cocktails around (try the Blood-n-Sand) and the crowd is friendly. They are open late (food till 1am everyday) and reservations are highly recommended.
Planned to go with the bf and our friend two weeks in advance and made the reservation one week in advance, really excited for our first NOPA experience. But we arrive, and they have the reservation down for a party of 2...we're 3. We beg them to squeeze us into a table for 2, but they say they can't do that, and they'll just have to look around and see if they can work something out. They make us wait for 45 minutes and then give us a table that opens up, and we're STARVING. So that really sucked, but I get bad cell reception in my office so the person who took the reservation probably just didn't hear me, and I was an idiot and didn't listen to my voice mail when they called to confirm.Once we were seated, the food was great--I got the baked pasta, which wasn't too heavy, the friend got the chicken, which was really moist and flavorful, and the bf got the pork, which he really liked. Fries and wine were delicious too.Our waiter was really nice, but we had to ask multiple times for things like ketchup (for the fries).
I was so let down by Nopa. I have been waiting since they opened some time ago to finally try this place. The one good thing about the place was that we went on a Friday night with a reservation and were seated right away. They were quoting an hour and forty-five minute wait to guests without a reservation. This was about 9. I expected that. The bar was packed. So crowded in fact people were spilling over into the dining area. I've lived in San Francisco my whole life. Born and raised and I've NEVER had a server that was more rude, condescending or arrogant. While attentive, she was rude about checking our ID's at the table once we sat, wasn't helpful with drink or food suggestions when we asked about the two menu's and almost laughed in our faces when we asked if they were offering any specials that night for dinner. Their menu is not impressive, well at least wasn't that night. We ordered the Goat Cheese appetizer to start. It was ok. The beet salad on the side was nice and fresh. Their entree's are very limited. I think that Friday night they had 5. 2 red meat, a fish, a half of a chicken, and a burger. Nothing remotely interested any of our three person party. We ended up settling on our entrees, and at $20-25 an entree is not a fun or good feeling. I had the burger, and there was nothing even remotely good to write about, other than their aoli dipping sauce for the fries. The other two I was with had the half chicken, and I think the pork or lamb that was offered that night. I cant recall. The chicken was ok but not served the way you'd expect it. My friend compared it to the way you get chicken served to you at Medieval Times. My friend who got the red meat dish did say it was tender and fall off the bone. The drinks were good and cheaper that you'd expect based on the food prices. We went here for a very special occasion and we were totally let down. Our bill was around $150 between the three of us excluding tip, and to be honest with prices like that and the lack-luster food and service there is at least a dozen other places I could think of off the top of my head that I would have rather given my money to. I can't tell you how long I was waiting to try this place. I went into it so excited. I may go there again for a drink at the bar because the drinks and atmosphere there were great. My two star review is not a common occurrence, and I know a lot of people love it, but I don't think I'll be going back anytime soon unless I get a great friendly server and take a look at the menu ahead of time.
Brought my friend who was visiting from London here. It was a good place to go with a small group to grab drinks and a late night snack. I want to come back here to try the wine.
My wife and I went to Nopa on a weekend visit to SF. We found out about if through and friend of a friend and loved it. We read some of the reviews on Yelp before going and based on them I had the pork chop. I have never had a pork chop that was cooked as well as this; it was moist and full of flavor. My wife had the duck and what a surprise that was. At first she ate it alone and liked it, but when she combined it with the risotto it created a perfect combination of flavors. She liked it so much she stopped sharing it with me. They also have very unique cocktails that I'd highly recommend trying as well. I would highly recommend this restaurant.
I've been here twice now and I was blown away both times.The first time, Kevin C. and I were futzing around trying to figure out where to eat before a show at the Independent. He saw NOPA and said, "Ooh, I've heard great things about them, including that it's impossible to get a table." He gushed to our lovely hostess a bit and she said we could wait at the bar for a bit and see if a spot at the community table would open up. It seemed doubtful, as the place was packed but in a short time we were able to snag seats. I adore this idea, by the way. Hooray for a great way/excuse to talk to your friendly foodie citizens!Our meal was intensely delectable. It's been too long to remember everything properly, but the lamb riblets, duck confit, caramel salted ice cream, and sopapillas (ahem, 3 orders of them) were simply exquisite. My favorite cocktail in the entire world is made here: the Blue Bottle Iced Coffee Martini. Can't get enough of them...and then I can't sleep (which works great with my tagline /wink!)The ambiance is wonderful (I love the mural,) the staff is attentive, quick, and friendly. I was met with many smiles and there's a general aire of happiness about the room.The second time we went it was with a crowd for Liz R's birthday. I made the reservation a month in advance. Party of 8. Everything was fantastic again. We had the perfect amount of great wine (read: too much!) It turned out one of our party doesn't like ice cream unless it's *salted.* Heh...VOILA! It went off hitchless and I was so very pleased, as was the birthday girl. I also made everyone try the BB Martini and reactions were like this, "Wow, that's good...wait...wow. We need another one of those!"I look forward to the day when I can convince my friends to head out for dessert after cocktails and we can chow on some drunken sopapillas.
The food was terrific, we had the pork chop and burger for dinner and the avocado salad and flat bread to start. We were seated in the loft area which had an exceptional view of the entire restaurant including the kitchen right below us. Although the food and the ambiance exceeded our expectations, the service was slow and we waited nearly an hour for our entrees...and service is difficult to overlook.
Food was not bad- our server was knowledgeable and apologized for taking awhile to take our order & bring our food. BUT it is hotter than a MOFO up in that piece. I actually had to go outside halfway through dinner to cool down. We ended up leaving behind a quarter bottle of overpriced vino because it was just too damn uncomfortable. For a similar atmosphere that doesn't feel like it's on the face of the sun, I'll go to Solstice next time.
Love the food and drinks there. Porkchop was delicious but a bit rare. I don't mind pink but rare. So I've sent it back to get it cook a bit more. Stay away from upstair dinning area unless you wear something light. It gets a bit warm. I guess is the heat from the kitchen.Service is okay. In this case, I give it 70/30. 70 for the food and 30 for the service.
You know a restaurant has made a splash when your cab driver on the way to dinner is extolling its virtues. And so the stage for NOPA was set.My immediate reaction was awesome - I love the clean lines and high, vaulted ceilings, the window-mirror treatment behind the long bar and the general din of a busy Saturday night. I like the long, communal table. I like the loft balcony. I like the neutral color scheme and I liked the chatty bartenders and swift service.However, I'll never like the idea of waiting an hour for a table... this is San Francisco people! Not New York! However, after strategically scoring seats at the bar, the best decision we made was to dine there.The menu is as streamlined as the interior design, and almost every small plate we tried --- from the goat cheese crostini to the flatbread and the warm olives --- was excellent. The fries were kind of limp and soggy, but the atmosphere and attentive staff couldn't be faulted.Next time I'll try table service and more of the entrees... so yes, there will be a next time at NOPA.
I have had dinner here twice in the last 3 weeks. One of my new favorite places for mussels. They are full of flavor plus a delightful large crispy crouton on the side. I mainly order the pork chop. My dinner companion had the sturgeon which was just golden brown and cooked to perfection. The wine list is stellar and was very tempted by the bottles on the vault list. The service was helpful, friendly and communicative. Plus the bar service was attentive. The hostesses are so sweet. I need to go back again soon to order something besides the pork chop. omt, they have billicart by the glass.
Sometimes a restaurant is all about the food. NOPA is not. If it were, it would get 2.5 stars. Because the dishes are comforting and the flavors are nice and california-simple and the quality is fairly high. But there's this... predictability that just gets me a little down.  Per last night's visit, the menu was basically the same as 3 months ago. Which means it was fine. But meh.But there are great things about NOPA that rise above the safe menu and make me love it:It's open LATE. As in, you can roll in after midnight and have a full dinner. Due to certain, er, challenging circumstances, current crush must often rendezvous post-10pm, and there are very few places (that mesh with my/our hmm, "particular" tastes) still serving real food at that hour during the week (augh, don't even get me started on that rant...).The energy is GREAT. It's an attractive, lofty space with an open kitchen, gorgeous bar, communal table, booths, all with good sightlines. Important because the crowd is good-looking in that appealingly not-trying-too-hard way.  And nice - as in, strangers at the bar offering to share their fries with me. Love it! The beverages are DELISH. Cocktails are innovative and well-made. These bartenders get it.  And the wine list is well thought-out with lots of interesting, food-matching, and affordable choices from, yay, places BESIDES California. Lots of them. The service is SOLID. Servers are laid-back but not annoyingly so. Casual, easy. And all this adds up to a good time.
Edit: I've now had several meals here and I have yo say, it's one of my favorite places to eat when someone else is paying.Original review:After a couple of friends and I got frustrated with the lack of actual HARD LIQUOR in many of the bars in the divis corridor (yes Bar 821 and Fly I'm lookin' at you!) we trotted over to NOPA for a real drink. It was around 10pm and we were asked if we wanted dinner. Dinner at 10? I confessed to the hostess that we would probably order an appetizer but we mainly wanted to get a drink.To our surprise she sat us at a table (it was pretty packed). Our waiter showed no chagrin at our loitering status. We ordered fries and some drinks, and we received the complementary apple dish. The fries were great (the aioli that came with them was superb) the drinks were as they should be, so we left content.the next afternoon my fiance and I ended up sitting next to our waiter at Cafe International and he didn't make fun of my fiance for not remembering him. Someday, when I have money, I'll return for a real meal.
I've been to NOPA several times and I haven't been disappointed. They have great cocktails and the burger is a must...don't forget their fries! Great place for a date, tapas with friends, or just plain hungry for a delicious entree.
Being a recent transplant to the neighborhood, I've been doing my best to get out and see what all the fuss is about round these parts. I had a good friend in to visit and he wanted to take me out to a nice dinner. After discussing our options, we chose NOPA.We arrived around 7PM on a Monday and were told it would be an hour wait....Happy to wait at the bar, we put our names in and were greeted by a Fantastic bartender. Attentive, helpful on the list and full of a "welcome to my home" demeanor. Just the way I like (and expect) to be treated when dining out.There is a community table that seats about 15 and it was full along with the entire dining room and bar.Having been in the hospitality business for over 14 years, I took notice of how at ease everyone was and seemed to do their jobs without stress or flaw.We were taken to our table before finishing our wine (aprox 30 minutes) and seated in the upstairs mezzanine. Perfect seat!We browsed the menu and asked our (amazingly attentive) waiter for advice on a bottle of wine. He asked what we'd decided on for dinner so a better pairing would be possible.(nice! and he didn't try to oversell us on a pricey bottle or snub us when we mentioned our $40- range)Our menu decisions were:Appetizer: Sardines. They were INCREDIBLE! Possibly the best I-can't-define-what-amazing-spice-this-is I've had in life! They came full and we used our forks to de-bone every last morsel....Dinner: 1 famous Pork Chop (fully all it's cracked up to be! How did they get is so juicy? It's think and does that melt in your mouth thing we all want!)and 1 Short Rib (I went to cut into it, and it fell apart ! So tender, ton of flavor)We shared each by making "perfect bites" until every last morsel was gone. I am fairly certain the surrounding diners thought we were up to some funny business with all the "ooooo" and "mmmm" 'z going on!Desert: a warm chocolate brownie cake with mint ice cream.Total yummmmmmm!I haven't left a place satisfied like that in much, much too long!Thank You Husband (Tony!) --NOTE:The only reason for the 4 vs 5 stars here is:After experience #1, craving this was inevitable.My roomate and I headed over there to dabble in another experience a few weeks later.We sat at the community table and although all the food was just as yummy, our server seemed to be only on task (order taking, food delivery, no conversation, no over-friendly-demeanor I so enjoy....)Not a big complaint overall, and I'll for sure be back time and time again :)
This place rocks for a casual meal night or a chill hangout dinner with a group of friends. Often times I avoid the wait for a table and head over to the bar where seats are usually available. The bartenders are very attentive and knowledgeable, producing awesome cocktails from their unique selection of liquors (their martinis are REALLY good). Now the food. Wow! Simple, scrumptious, succulent. I've been here many times and they haven't disappointed my yet. The pork chop, beet and goat cheese app and hamburger are some of the staple dishes.
Big points for being open late. Good cocktails.
According to the hostess, if you want a primetime Saturday reservation, you need to plan at least 2 weeks in advance. We only planned about a week in advance, and managed to get 9:45pm reservations on a Saturday night. I normally eat around 6pm, so I wasn't too happy with the time, but Hue L. really wanted to try out this restaurant! Anyway, the food! We started with the red wine stewed calamari (which I totally loved!!!) and the flatbread (which was just okay for me). Our waitress told us the flatbread is the largest appetizer so we filled up on that. For my entree, I went for the grilled pork chop. It was soooo good. We split the donut holes since they got such good reviews, but I gotta tell you. I was not very impressed with them. Service was pretty good. We were never wanting for our waitress and there was always someone nearby waiting to fill up our water.
I could write a long review of everything we experienced. I could give you details and prices and names and recipes, if I so desired. But, it's early in the day. We'll be short but direct.Drink: The Last Word. (be careful of how many you drink, though. It's made with green chartreuse and a few of these drinks will certainly bring on the green fairies)Salad: Persimmon (is it PURR-si-Mun or per-sih-mon??) pomegranate, peppercress, and bleu cheese. Delightfully light way to start a meal or just a round of desserts.Main Course: Sorry - just had desserts this last visitDesserts: Pecan Tart with Salted Caramel Ice Cream. I licked the plate. I kid you not. Best Dessert EVER. Caramel + Salt = GooooodBar: The place to sit. I've sat at the community table and a table in the dining room and the bar was my favorite. Even if you don't previously know the bartenders, They've always got a ton of information and the best suggestions. You won't be sorry.So, I guess that wasn't as short as I intended it to be. Oh well. It's early in the day. Word to the wise when planning your trip to Nopa, however. Make reservations and catch a cab. I live close enough to walk so parking isn't an issue for me but that's a good thing because it's otherwise impossible. And, I've only been to Nopa 3 times since it opened because I'm always trying to just walk in and take my chances on a table. It's always busy and there's always a wait. Plan ahead, kiddies.
Fucking long ass wait throughout the whole experience. Really slow service, although our server looked hella busy the whole time we were waiting, waited on, etc. Fries, runner beans and tomato soup were very tasty, and not served cold thank God. But does that mean the kitchen is inundated with too many orders or were the orders submitted late? Burger and doughnut dessert were average, not bad. My suggestion, go on a weeknight, definitely make reservations, and ask not to be seated on the second floor, unless it's by the murals.
This place is very SF-in many ways. Draws eclectic diners in a (supposedly up and coming) neighborhood that's not so known. Ever changing menu utilizing local, seasonal, organic, and sustainable ingredients. You may even see young couples with their kids dining here (SFer's take their kids anywhere), ergo this is a kid friendly place, BUT why would you take them here? HOUSE RULE: Take children only to eating establishments if they have a KID'S Menu. BTW-nothing against kids, I use to teach :)So I have been here twice and the each time its been alright. And each time the entrees have been a disappointment. Stick to going heavy on the apps and salads. Ingredients are local and seasonal, so menu changes. This is good, cause it keeps the menu fresh. Although it sux when you've had something so deelish, and the next time you visit, its not there any more-boooooooooo! My experience: they are known for their flatbread app. 1st visit-I had the caramelized onions, bacon, and cheese (forgot what kind, nonetheless was good!) flatbread. This was soooo good-the bacon was super thick cut with a nice glistening layer of fat attached-mmmmmmmmmmm tasty!!! 2nd visit-deelish flatbread with pig was replaced with mushy butternut squash, soggy escarole, and goat cheese-bleh....Desserts are not bad-again changes with availability of ingredients. So I won't bother with telling you what to order.TIP: To AVOID waste of $$$ and calories, go to nopasf.com and checkout the menu first before going or returning. They update their site according to what they are actually serving-this is rare.
OVER RATED!!! I've been meaning to try NOPA for a while now but and finally had the chance. I was a little late, so the rest of my dining party was already seated.  Waiting for me as an amuse-bouche. A stark white plate with a partially pealed baby radish, and a pad of butter. Yes you heard my correctly. Apparently your supposed to butter the radish and then dip in sea salt. I tried it, nothing special -- why even put this dish out.For appetizers we split the little friend fish, and a flat bread which i think had duck on it. both were good.For my main course i had the black crusted cod?? and it's probably some of the worst fish dish i've had. I've noticed recently that chefs are almost scared to use acid with fish??? just add a little lemon -- any acid and it would have been much better. The shaved asparagus which accompanied the codd was under cooked and had very little flavor.The decor was very nice, we had a great table under the second floor with great mirrors on the walls to see the rest of the restaurant. It has a great airy feel.I'll probably never return to NOPA unless of course someone truelly insists on it.
Very professional staff, excellent food, will recommend this place to many.
i love this place, quintessential san francisco...busy, and so many excellent dishes to try out.
Awesome burger and Short rib
Came here for the first time and will definitely be coming back! I had their hamburger and the meat was cooked perfectly to my liking! I asked for medium rare and it came out perfectly juicy with flavor! My boyfriend had their lamb and it was also cooked perfectly well! Not too over done and not under cooked. Perfectly pink! We sat at the chefs counter which was great because we got to see the food prepared for us. The chef chatted with us since he was right next to us making sure the food comes out the way it should. And he gave our choice of plate since they all came out the same time. The chef clearly cared about the food since he asked us what we thought! Make sure to make reservations or come early, this place gets packed quick! It may seem pricey but with the food so well made, its worth every penny! The service was great and very attentive. Will definitely have to try the dessert next time I'm here!
I've only been here once but it was a really good experience. Atmosphere was chill and the waitress was very attentive. I ordered the Bleu Cheese Burger here and holy cannoli it was so worth it. Hands down the "BEST" Bleu Cheese Burger I have ever had. I dream about you all the time....one day we will meet again.
I went to NOPA last night for the third time, and it is great. If you're okay with the crowd and somewhat loud atmosphere and overall "sceney" vibe, it's a really good place for getting together with friends and enjoying a good meal. After an 'amuse bouche' of seasoned blood oranges, we started with the warm goat cheese and beets (delicious) and the flatbread of spicy fennel sausage and potatoes with gruyere (also very good). Entrees at the table included the country pork chop (fantastic in flavor though a little fatty), the grilled rainbow trout (lovely), the rotisserie herbed chicken (great), and the burger, which comes with fries and a nice homemade pink sauce on the side. All our cocktails were good too. I ordered a mojito which isn't listed on their drinks menu, and it was great. After dinner, two of our party ordered the Blue Bottle martini.... the jury was out on this one: most of us found its flavor a little overwhelming. We had the pecan tart (to die for!) and blood orange upside-down cake (very good), to finish off a great meal. Despite being a busy Saturday night, the service was friendly and very attentive.
Dessert surcharge? What?It was my friend's birthday yesterday and she planned a large dinner at NOPA with 16 friends.  I made her favorite strawberry cupcakes with pink frosting. Upon arriving, we were informed (quite nicely though) that they have a $2.50/person surcharge on desserts brought in from outside. That would have been a total of $40! For what?! They are cupcakes, they don't require plates or utensils, just peel back the paper and eat.  They were friendly enough to store the cupcakes in the fridge until we were done. And then we promptly went outside and devoured them.
I live in the neighborhood, often take out of town guests here, but I am really getting sick of the attitude from the host/hostesses at NOPA. It is unbearable how snotty they are! Last night was a blonde woman who would not give her name, said she could not hear me when I asked, but just would not be nice. There is no room for that- especially in this economy. Dinner was good, but clouded by this. All 4 in my party noticed it. Completely uncalled for......
I went into this attractive and hip restaurant dressed like a refugee, and the bartender still treated me like royalty. That is the mark of a great "mixologist," as far as I am concerned. Charm and hospitality, even for those of us who didn't have time to dress for a five-star evening.I went on a Monday night, and the place was packed. That also should say something significant about the appeal of the environment and the complimentary nature of their menu. The food and drinks are unique, delicious and worth coming back for.
I haven't had a full sit down meal here yet but it's on my list.I stopped in here after a good day of hardcore shopping with my mom. We both still had a mild buzz from the preshopping lunch and 5 or six bags each when we hopped off the 21 at NOPA. They weren't serving food yet but it was 30 mins til dinner so why not carry the buzz over? The staff that was prepping for dinner was super friendly and many of them stopped to visit with us, commenting on all of our loot. We decided to just split a couple small plates. We had a flatbread and shared a pear salad. Both we excellent and very affordable. I did notice the full menu had some good choices and don't think that I saw anything over 25ish bucks. There was plenty sub 20 so I call it reasonable. Anyway dinner was great and so were the beverages.The place got super packed in the time we were there and we both agreed it is a place that we have to come to again.
I loved their butternut squash flatbread so much that I tried to recreate it the next week with ingredients from Trader Joe's. It was slightly sweet but the baked goat cheese, pepper flakes, and escarole gave it a little kick along with the crispy crust. It was SO good. Their burger was also a delicious bite of fresh grass fed meat topped with butter lettuce and yummy crispy slightly-herby french fries. The only bummer was we had to wait quite a bit so we took the opportunity to grab a drink at Madrone's (which is not really a con). They also serve blue bottle coffee which will wake you up when you've gone into a food coma before hitting the town and painting it some kind of red. I love lvoe that they use seasonal local products too.
After seeing NOPA recommended in the Cronicle Top 100 and reading reviews here, a friend and I went there for dinner last night (a Monday). We didn't have reservations and it was quite busy but we still got a table upstairs with 5 minutes. Our waiter was very friendly and offerd suggextions when I was waffling on what to get. I had the Bolonese and Polenta small plate and the Grilled Spring Onions and my friend had the Burger and fries. We were both quite happy with our dishes. The fries come with a harissa/aioli dip thing which I didn't like much but the friend thought quite tasty. Dessert was fresh doughnut holes with a rum carmel sauce - DEEEEEEE-lish-ous.All-in-all, the food was good and the quality was such that I didn't mind the prices. It was a pleasant dining experience and I fully intend to go there again given the chance.
Love this place! Awsome food, great service, and they stay open till 1am. Its the drunk munchies hot spot.PS don't go on the weekend, or any day for that matter during peak hours without reservations. You'll be standing in no mans land for at least and hour. Enjoy!
Solid solid solid every time I go there... but my favorite time to go is after 10pm, and I love sitting upstairs with a view of the kitchen - but then, I'm a restaurant geek. Everything is great, and things do change so I won't give a rundown of the menu, but I really hope they keep the large white bean appetizer on the menu forever because it thoroughly rocked. Extra points for: management quieting down the drunk, boisterous group of Spaniards before anyone complained; accommodating our out-of-town guest with very complicated dietary restrictions; the free little sample that arrived before ordering; and being within walking distance from home (albeit not any more).
Came here just for small plates and cocktails with a friend I hadn't seen in awhile... we sat at the bar, after waiting for seats for about ten minutes. The bartenders here are fantastic, if a bit socially awkward, but they squeeze their own juice and make their own simple syrup, which is hard to find these days. Excellent cocktails- my favorite was the blood and sand (i had TWO!!). I also had a wash house, and though my first reaction was that it was reminiscent of turkey brine (it has lime, basil, and thyme in it), I actually found it quite refreshing. I also ordered the sand dabs, which came with a delightful dollop of roasted red pepper hummus, the texture and flavor of which were perfect. The amuse bouche from the chef (waldorf-salad inspired apple slices) simply had too much truffle oil, and so tasted a little like dried fish. On the whole, though, a very satisfying experience! I'll be back for dinner!
I was here one week after they opened and found it to be average, at best.I went back this week and they certainly have worked out the kinks. GREAT MEAL.Menu is creative without trying to hard. The calamari is a different twist on the original; battered and fried. The Nopa version is marinated in a red wine reduction, served on crusty bread and topped with olives and a light mayonnaise. It was fantastic and a unique combination of flavors.The rest of the meal was great. I had a halibut that was perfectly prepared, light, flaky and not over-flavored. Wine list was fine, cocktails are strong and a everyone who attended to us was a pleasure. I'll be back for sure.
loved everything we ordered. our waitress recommended the chicory salad - loved the roasted cauliflower in this. the pork chops were great. it was perfectly cooked...so juicy, so tender and flavorful. truly mouthwatering. i never thought i'd say this but i loved the brussel sprouts side. every bite off that dish was delicious! the baked orecchiette with sausage was cheesy and yummy with a nice crispy bread crumb topping.what an amazing dinner. i can't wait to come back!
Nopa must be doing something right because on a Saturday night at 6pm I had to act like a vulture and stalk patrons at the communal table for a seat. After waiting for 45 minutes, my party of three settled on two chairs so I was left to stand at the head of the table (luckily I am short so it still looked like I was sitting). All waiting aside, the food at Nopa was great. After reading several Yelp reviews I went with the pork chop. Normally I am not a huge fan of pork chops, but Nopa's version was closer to a smoky medium pork steak. This was easily the most flavorful and juicy pork chop I have ever eaten. The greens on the side did not sound too appealing, so I asked the waiter if I could sub them out for some fries since I wanted to try the fries anyway. Mmmmm, fries were delicious. My dining companions had the rotisserie chicken (she claimed it may have been better than Zuni's) and the burger. My boyfriend was pleased that the burger was actually cooked the way he specified (rare) and the portion of meat was very generous. Next time I would definitely recommend getting reservations, because this place is packed and even when you do get a seat you feel pressured to eat quickly because you remember how antsy you were 30 minutes prior waiting for a seat at the communal table.
I usually find short reviews lame, but there are already plenty of others extolling the virtues of Nopa, so here's all you need to know:best burger in San Francisco.There, I said it; you find a better one, you let me know, ok? Thanks!Update: Michael Bauer agrees with me!sfgate.com/cgi-bin/blogs
Wow...what a great place. We checked it out on a Saturday night at 9:30PM and the place was packed, however we were lucky to find some empty seats at the large wooden shared table next to the bar (in my opinion, that large table or the bar is the place to be).We ordered plenty of small plates for 6 of us and tried so many delicious things (the flat bread rocks and the mashed potatoes are to die for...). I was seriously impressed with the great food, the variety to choose from (very vegi friendly) and the service. It is soooo good, you could easily make this a weekly habit!
I have been to NOPA a few times now and every time I walk away thoroughly satisfied. I really like the atmosphere here, particularly on a sunny evening. They have huge windows that bring in a lot of natural light and that just makes me happy. I usually like to sample their tequilla list in the form of margaritas...they have a good selection and the bar staff always leads me in the right direction.The food is also quite tasty. I just returned from a feasting of leg of lamb which was cooked to perfection. Not only does the dish come with some great sides (cauliflower like I've never enjoyed it) but they serve the sliced pieces of lamb with a side link of lamb sausage...it is like the bonus meat on the plate. Have a few bits of the sliced lamb...dabble in the sausage link...sip some tequilla...bam! It's good.
Went here after reading all of the reviews on how good the food was. I was visiting San Fran. The wait was 1 hour & 45 mins. It was overly crowded and very loud!!!. My friend and I watched as people who didn't have reservations would walk in and get seated before us. One guy would come up to where you would put your name in and point at us and the hostess would shake her head no. I guess we didn't fit in with the rest of the crowd (WHITE). After waiting well over 30 mins we left. Will not go back when I visit san francisco again.
This is how it happened. We were walking from our car to Herbivore, our usual dine-in spot in the Western Addition, when something caught my eye. I swear, 2 weeks ago there was nothing in that spot, but there it was, a new, nice looking restaurant. We read the menu, it was promising. It happened to be the second night that it was open, I had on my grubby sweats, and they still let us in. The food, the wine, the staff, all wonderful. I loved it. I went back last week, expecting that opening week perfection to have been replaced with an attitude but everything was still made with love and the staff was still great. The only thing different was the amount of people. It was hoppin' on a Tuesday night. Congrats, Divisadero needed you.12/10 Update - since that glorious first visit, Tal K and I have been coming here almost every Sunday evening. It very quickly became our favorite spot in the city.
I like this place because they serve good quality food after hours,my favorite is the burger with bleu cheese. However they only get 4 stars because I hate the Nopa hipsters that dine here and have ruined my neighborhood.
One of my favorites in the city...especially for late night dinning. Had another great meal here the other night. The service can be a little slow given they are always so busy but the drinks are great and the flatbreads and the pork chops are not to be missed.
Why aren't there half stars? That being said, I'd give NOPA 3.5 stars. True statement: I have no idea what they put on the table prior to ordering, but it was delicious. My pasta was rich and creamy and kept me full for two days. My sister's curry was favorably spiced to perfection and had great vegetables to boot. Also true, my date had pork but I should say a plate of pork fat. Literally, he tried to bite through the chewy loin but had to finally send it back. And when another arrived, it was tasteless. A bit awkward that you can be seated at the same table as another party and share salt shakers. But, I do think it's a fun atmosphere that if you don't mind a bit of echo and elbow rubbing, it's your place.I would enjoy going back and sit at the bar though, the cocktails were well-poured.
I was so excited to try NOPA...everybody raved about the food, blah blah blah. So, I was definitely surprised to find the hipster restaurant in that neighborhood and really liked the vibe and open seating of the restaurant. Contrary to most reviews I read on Yelp, I didn't find it particularly loud (maybe I'm used to loud restaurants), but seating on the second floor was also particularly quiet. I would give the decor, restaurant and service 4 stars.I was really underwhelmed by the food. As I'm writing this, I just looked down at Ky W.'s review and saw his review of "the fattiest pork chop" of his life. I couldn't agree more. I love the pork chop and do not fear a little fat on my meat, but this fat was not marbled, it was chunky and all over my pork chop. It was almost grisly. It was particularly treacherous because I was on a date, so it wouldn't have been a great idea to spit my grisly meat out in my napkin. I was also disappointed by the variety of dinner entrees on the menu - the pork chop was the most appealing item I remember but generally, nothing seemed particularly interesting or different. I've heard the desserts were good, but I'm not a dessert girl so I did not partake. I will say that the flatbread with bacon and guyere cheese (aka pizza) was quite delicious. The food definitely warranted 2 stars, but I rounded up to give the place 3 stars overall. So sad!
Wonderful. We snagged a seat at the long communal table on a Saturday night, where we could watch to comings and goings, and check out everyone else's food...seemed like everyone was eating the chicken. I was with a pescatarian friend, so I didn't go there, but everything else was delicious! Baked runner beans, yum, little gem salad, so so, side of escarole, great, black cod, oh my god. This was the most delightful piece of fish that I have ever had. Please eat it sometime. Falling apart tender, crisp underside, hearty lentils, and grilled chicories...spectacular. As long as you are in the mood for a bit of a scene, no quiet tete-a-tete, you will be fulfilled here.The space is beautiful, high vaulted ceiling, and great mural from the guy who did the back of the Foods Co.
AWESOME. Went there last night with a party of 6 and everyone enjoyed their meals... our server, Bethany, was great and very patient with her recommendations. Furthermore, we had 2 guests who arrived almost 30 minutes late and she gently reminded us that we should start ordering appetizers to get the flow going while waiting for the rest of our party.. so we did!Delish drinks- Elderflower gimlet, Wash House, Dirty (GG) Martini, Old Cuban.Yummy appetizers/entrees- warm olives (I don't like olives, but these were awesome), lamb riblets (yes they fall off the bone), pork chop (smoked with so much flavour), rotisserie chicken (super moist), burger (he said "best fuc*ing burger I've ever had. Whoa) and the london broil (they got medium rare right on).Satisfied Sweet Tooth- Doughnuts, Pot of Chocolate and Apple Crisp with Vanilla ice cream... all highly recommended and perfect way to easily stack on the pounds. Yes! Yes! Yes!What we could've down without- salmon carpaccio (good, but since we had the lamb riblets I think our tastebuds were overwhelmed to appreciate the simplicity of this dish... We also weren't too crazy about the flatbread- it reminded me of pizza with corn sprinkled on it. Eh.Atmosphere is buzzing and the bar area packed (but it's comfy and not to the point where you saying "excuse me, pardon me" and protecting your martini every 30 seconds. Will definitely return!
This is my new SF favorite! Great ambiance, good vibe, and awesome food.We sat at the communal table because we couldn't wait for an hour for a regular table. It turns out the communal table was a pretty good seat because you have an awesome view of the entire restaurant.The thing to order here is definitely the burger. It is SO GOOD. We ordered it with cheddar cheese and topped it off with pickled onions and some greens. I also loved our tomato salad appetizer -- some of the sweetest and juiciest tomatoes I've had all season. In my opinion the green and yellow string beans were abit overcooked -- I prefer them to be crunchier rather than soggy. As for the lamb riblet appetizer (think pork ribs), they were pretty good. The meat literally fell off the bones and there's a generous portion.For dessert we were torn between the donut holes or the chocolate pot de creme. For our waitress, it was a no brainer: the chocolate pot de creme...and she was right. We licked the cup clean.I love this place!
What I would give to have Nopa as my neighborhood restaurant! Near the pan handle and Alamo Square there is more street parking then usual. They take reservation 3 months in advance but i have dropped in around 5:30 6pm and grabbed a seat at the bar. If you go to the far end of the bar you get a great view of the kitchen action. I think they should charge extra for these seats.The food is consistent, flavorful, and local for the most part. I am a veg head so I get something different but my partner has a hard time getting anything besides the roasted chicken. She has an opinion and so I would order the chicken if you eat meat. The desserts are worth the room so share an appetizer and get a dessert to share too!
NOPA, you knock my socks off. you really do. every time i come back to san francisco, i try to find an excuse to come here. their wine list is exquisite while staying quite affordable.  the food is just right with plenty of options for vegetarians.  they take reservations, but if you drop by on a weekend unannounced, there's bar seating and a community table. (which are almost always full, but the turnover is quick)
I went here about a week after I went to Boulevard. I thought the food at NOPA was excellent. The ingredients were very fresh and the mix of ingredients gave an updated flare to some rustic dishes. Regardless of price, I thought the food was better than Boulevard. Taking price into account, NOPA was definitely a better bang for the buck. We had the flatbreads, pork and polenta, all delicious. I thought my pork dish at NOPA was much juicier and tastier than the one I had at Boulevard. The atmosphere at NOPA was also livelier, but I do agree with some of the other reviews that it is a little pretentious. We came in on a Tues. evening at 5:45pm without a reservation. The majority of the tables were empty and they still made us wait at the bar for 30 minutes before we got seated. They are either a little pretentious or extremely inefficient with seating.
Kitchen open til 1? Check. Near fine drinking establishments in Hayes Valley? Check. Good wine list and knowledgeable staff? Check. Good food? Check. Perfectly cooked burger when I really needed it. Will definitely go back for more.(Didn't love the duck prosciutto though...a little sparse on the plate...)
NOPA lived up to its billing and much more. I had heard a lot of good things from a lot of people, and this place definitely delivered. I mean, they knocked the cover off the ball. We went in a group of five and ordered several small plates plus five entrees, shared them all, and everything was amazing. I will definitely be back
My husband and I have dinner here almost once a week. Something about NOPA just soothes the soul.This place is, at heart, a neighborhood bistro. I mean that in the best way: They are all about comfort food and taking care of you in a cozy and cool space. What keeps us coming back:* GREAT space. Beautiful light. Airy, warm, modern and welcoming. * Friendly and unpretentious staff. They make a point to remember us and say "hi." They're also enthusiastic about food & drink, and seem to sincerely enjoy answering questions.* They strive to be walk-in friendly. You can eat at the bar or the community table.* They don't call the amuse bouche an amuse bouche.* Phenomenal bar & wine list.* Seasonal menu.* Tasty flatbreads & the little gems salad.* Watching the kitchen from the chef's tableWe don't come here for any one thing...it's the sum of the experience. We always come out of NOPA happy and wrapped in the warm glow of the place itself.
I think it's crazy how a restaurant can change the name of a neighborhood. That alone should make this place worthy enough to check out. But watch out, it's almost impossible to get reservations Thursday - Saturday. Go in with average expectations and you'll be blown away. Go in with all the hype surrounding it and you'll just think it's okay. Either way, I recommend it!
Wow, this place is ALIVE. What more can be said that has not already been noted in other reviews, great food, electric atmopshere, reasonable prices, we'll be back!
Been twice now and love NOPA. First of all, the minute you walk in there is a great atmosphere and mix of people (age and ethnicity) which is sometimes hard to find in SF. Love the long bar, communal table, and open kitchen - the space is large but feels very cozy.In terms of the food you can't go wrong with anything -especially the wood-fired oven. We loved the runner beans with feta and tomatoes - 2 orders disappeared in a hurry at our table for 8! Lamb riblets were yummy, goat cheese was good (not my fave), the anchovies and eggplant caviar were very good, and I personally love the flatbread with sausage.For mains, we ordered almost one of each - the vegetable tagine is amazing! Could have eaten the whole thing myself but we were "sharing". Everyone loved the pork chop, liked the London broil, chicken, and fish stew. Everyone devoured the sides of the dumpling squash with fried sage (so good), and mashed potatoes never made it to my end of the table.Dessert? Uh roger and double down on the doughnut holes with caramel sauce, the crostata was very good, as was the quince sorbet but let's get real and get more doughnut holes!Wine service and selection was amazing, as was our server, the sommelier, and everyone else.
What can I say about this place that hasn't already been said? It's definitely not the place to go if you're looking for a quiet, intimate setting. But if you're into something more lively, with great food and tasty drinks, this is the place to be. The place was packed on a Saturday night, but with a 9:45 reservation we were seated right on time. The server was very attentive. Drinks were always refreshed, water glasses always filled. The flatbread was good, just as expected. The highlight of my meal was the pork chop, which was tender and juicy. Love that salt brine!Keep in mind that on weekends, parking around here can be atrocious. I'd recommend allowing at least 15 mins for parking, or better yet, save yourself the hassle and take a taxi.
I've been here several times since it opened. What can I say, I like the food but the front of house makes dinning hard. The front of house needs help, they look and are under water. But I like the food and its close to home.
Fresh from my first visit last night, I must say that I was mildly impressed. It didn't quite hit it out of the part for me, but I was definitely satisfied with my meal. I ordered the burger and was thrilled with how juicy and perfect it was. The aoli could have had more flavor but that's what the bowl of kosher salt is for. The fries are yummy but my God people, so much!The wine list is impressive but since I'm no wino and I can't really say much about the selection. For beer lovers, there are some hard to find beers on tap or in the bottle.The decor is nice. The murals look a little similar to that of Barry McGee (perhaps??) and the space is large but also inviting. The waiter was incredibly nice. Overall it was a nice experience and I would definitely go back again.
Update 9/23/06 Came back for a late night dinner with 5 friends. We sat at the community table and saved 2 hrs of waiting for a 6 top. The food as usual was fantastic and a nice French pinot to soften up the whiskey. Nopa remains one of my favorite places in the city and is great for late night dining and drinking. You'll usually run into someone you know here and the staff and owners are pretty incredible. end update. Just what the neighborhood ordered. I came here on a Saturday evening around 6:30pm and although they were booked up we decided to sit at their beautiful bar.  We started with two fresh squeezed Kettle One Greyhounds and then had another round of the same. The crowd is an eclectic reminder of how much the NOPA neighborhood is changing. Lot's of cool people hanging out drinking, eating and soaking in the summer ambiance. The lighting in the old Bank building is wonderful. For food we decided to share 4 small plates: Little Gem Salad w/Grated Fiscalini and Creamy Herb Vinaigrette (awesome, fresh and flavorful, Little Gem is one of my favorite greens), the Flatbread of Herbed Ricotta, Zucchini and Serrano Ham (delicious and a great balance for the rest of the meal), the Spicy Lamb Riblets w/ Coriander and Mint (melted off the bone, perfectly cooked, rich and spiced right), and finally the Little Fried Fish w/ Fennel and Romesco (great appetizers or as a complement to the salad or flatbreads, they come breaded to perfection and not fishy at all). This was finished off with 3 incredible specialty cocktails(one infused with basil and thyme, one with strawberry and finally an espresso martini that was fresh pulled). For dessert we had the Warm Spiced Doughnut Holes and Orange Honey (these speak for themselves) and finally an upside down blackberry cake that was topped with whipped cream. Five stars for the food and drink not to mention the gracious service that tied together an incredible Saturday evening. Ambiance, service and food all of which delivered to perfection. If you can't get a reservation, I highly recommend getting a drink and waiting for a place at the bar. The bartenders are great and the food is worth the wait!
I'm not sure what I'd give five stars to, if not this place. But there's always room for improvement, and five stars is for utter perfection.J. and I thoroughly enjoyed our first visit here tonight. We'd heard so many good things about NOPA, and they were mostly accurate. We sat upstairs, directly above the kitchen, and although it seemed like it might be smoky at first, it turned out to be fine. We enjoyed spying on the staff and customers alike, seeing what was being prepared and eaten by others. Seems like the waiters serving the upstairs could benefit from a dumbwaiter system that would convey food to them instead of forcing them to walk all the way down to the kitchen to get it, but c'est la vie.Anyway. Ambience is nice -- a tad noisier than I prefer, but I'm old (for my age). No noisier than a lot of other SF joints, certainly. The room is big and has a very high ceiling, accommodating said upstairs, and it apparently used to be a bank (or a laundromat? which is it?). Tastefully decorated and lit, standard upscale renovation.Food -- delish! Amuses bouches were tiny bits of focaccia with smears of hummus and sea salt. Fine, no big deal. For starters, we enjoyed the sardines with the fennel and tangerine salad on the side as well as the lamb riblets. The latter could've easily been an entree. Tasty, falling-off-the-ribs lamb with a pepperoni-tasting sauce (it's good, not weird). Sardines were fine.Entrees were the rotisserie chicken and the seafood stew, with a side of the fries. Everything was great. The chicken was juicy enough and tasted strangely bacon-y -- perhaps attributable to the almond wood used in the oven, according to our friendly waitress. I enjoyed the bits of fish and calamari in the tomato-y stew. The fries were good, less fried, more potato-y (they reminded me of In-n-Out's, for some reason).At this point, we were too full for dessert, so we passed. Next time! I did enjoy a cocktail with seasonal quince syrup throughout the meal, though.We'll be back.
Pork Chops to die for! I wish wine list was less pretentious. You cant order wine uless you speak French. I would give it 5 star if it was a bit less expensive and wait woud be less than 45 min on tuesday 8pm.
Today was the last day of birthday month...because 1 day out of the year to celebrate another year of existence is just not enough.In the spirit of this grand occasion, 1 of my dear foodie friends treated me to NOPA. We timed it exactly right...we left downtown on the 21 bus by 5:30pm and had fab cocktails in hand by 6...mine was the Derby (I think)...honestly, it was SUPER strong and tasty & my recollection's a little faulty. After a short wait of 10 min., we were seated at the kitchen bar for a fantastic dining extravaganza. Our service professional (she was FANTASTIC) immediately saw to our wine selection and ordering needs. She recommended an excellent Beaujolais that complemented our sturgeon and duck entrees, which were both cooked to perfection. But, I get ahead of myself. We started with the warm goat cheese appetizer and lamb flat bread...both were exceptional.What I enjoyed the most: watching the action in the kitchen. I confess...I'm not very educated about "what people do to make food taste good," but I figured I wasn't too old to learn. I was introduced to concepts like "chef de cuisine" (who managed the kitchen well and made us feel welcome), roast chickens on an open fire, and baked pastas and flatbreads in a brick oven. It all looked so good, I really regretted being so full.However, there's always room for the the best part of birthday month - dessert. We ordered the toffee cake AND donut holes...too good! And (being a caffeine addict, this really makes me emotional), they served it with yes...french pressed coffee. Sigh.All I can say is...this was the best last birthday month meal ever! I can now go on for another year...with many more visits to NOPA, I hope.
Just stopped here to have dinner with some friends as they highly recommended it. This is a spendy little place but the service and food definitely proved why. Food - 4 1/2 stars, service - 5 stars. Limited menu and I hear they change it as the ingredients come into season. Excited to go back and see new items later in the fall. Bonus - the kitchen is open until 1am so we now have a nice place to eat late in the evenings.
Great atmosphere, great selections of wine & drinks, however the entrees are a little hit and miss. My girlfriend ordered the pork, which turned out to be some of the best I've ever had - but incredibly fatty. Unfortunately, my steak was a bit bland, even with the bleu cheese sauce. Luckily she's one to share. Our flatbread appetizer with the housemade lamb sausage was awesome, though! The service was outstanding, presentation was nice, the entrees weren't as expensive as I thought they would be. Just utilize that same day reservation, or you'll be waiting for a long time, friend. Also the two slices of apples with almond butter before the meal was a bit weird.
Impaired by the fact that I was over-served, I am left with only a general hazy feeling that I liked this restaurant. I don't remember what I had save for a bite of a donut dipped in some caramel at the end of the meal (was I dreaming??). The only certainties are that I enjoyed my company, the atmosphere and the drinks. A lot. I thought the sinks were cool too. I'll have to return to check it out again.
Snacks, Drinks, Service ! Kicks arse! The most impressive demonstration of the Food and Beverage craft I have enjoyed in a long time. I look forward to my next visit. SOON!
For a late night spot, this is it!! Excellent service. Excellent food! Excellent wine!! And they are open till 1 am every night.
Though Nopa is on the more expensive side of good eating spots, it is an ideal choice for dates and/or treating a friend you haven't seen in a while. Most of the salads are not overdone and follow along the adage 'less is more'. Generous portions on both the appetizer and entree left me full (a rarity for me without spending $100+ per person at restaurants of this grade). My friend and I enjoyed good service, two complimenting glasses of wine and full dinner for just over $100 including tip. Parking can be a pain but don't forget to make reservations at least the day before if you don't want to wait 35-45 min for a table. The atmosphere is sheik, comfortably dim (not a place for discussing documents) and just quiet enough to have good conversation.
After hearing that NOPA made Michael Bauer's top ten of 2006, an old co-worker and I headed over to see what all the buzz is about.We were impressed by the in-house made sparkling water to start the night off right. But, the small menu selection was not something to rave about. I got the cod, which came with delicious lentils.But the real test is the dessert menu. Failed, miserably. There was no chocolate on the dessert menu!Overall, not bad, but it didn't make my SF top ten.
Went here this week with a friend for a little dinner/catch up session. I had tried previously to dine here, but it's hard to get a reservation. They only take them the day of, and you have to call AT 2pm to get one of the apparently coveted reservations. I once called at 2:04 and was shut out. Yes, in four minutes, the restaurant was entirely sold out for the night. So, be dilligent, set your alarm, and do not waste precious minutes.Anywho, went there the other night as I was saying without a reservation. I was thinking there is just no way, but by some miracle - or perhaps because the gods had FINALLY decided to smile down upon me, we were seated in LESS than five minutes. Allow me to step back for a minute and tell all of you readers that earlier that SAME day, the plumbing in my very old apt building spazzed out and my apartment flooded. The plumber came to fix the situation and I left to shower at the gym. The plumber then locked some old, obsure lock on my front door to which I don't even have the key, and I was locked out. So, I had to call the locksmith. After waiting for three hours for two different locksmiths, one finally showed up. He used a screwdriver for less than two minutes and VOILA! I was in my apartment. Then, he tried to charge me $225. Yes, you read that correctly. What the fuck? I should be a locksmith. I "bargained" (or as my anti-semitic friends in TN would say "jewed" and I can say this because I am in the tribe) him down to $170. What a fucking bargain.So, as you might imagine, the gods intervened to give a girl a break, and I got my ass seated quickly. And, might I say, with a very good view. We got seated on some bar-style seats facing the kitchen which housed some rather fine looking men . . . who were also very nice and helpful - especially when some Estonian serial killers tried to talk to my friend and I. They handed me some large, pointy, skeweresque tool to fend off said suitors. And, quickly, when you are obviously ENGROSSED in conversation with a friend, is that the appropriate time to interupt and introduce yourself? Probably not.Back to NOPA, the food was really good. We shared the flatbread - which was a really large appetizer, so unless you are really hungry or are a BIG eater, plan accordingly. It was really tasty - very thin crust, which made it much lighter despite the size of the portion. We also shared the fish stew, which was good, but I was a little jealous of a woman next to us eating the riblets. We also had the doughnut hole dessert, which was yummy even though I normally do not like doughnuts . . . another long story that I will spare you.I would definitely come back here - great spot for that ever growing neighborhood with a fun vibe. Everyone working there was incredibly friendly. Highly recommended for food and for the scenery!
Finaly was able to visit NOPA after months of trying to get a reservation. My Co-workers and I heading to Nopa straight right after work to guarantee reservation. WOW, we made it there by 530. The hostess promise us a table. That's a plus. We were seated upstairs with a nice view of the whole restaurant. Service 5++++Food 5+++++ Ambiance 5+++++
I'm clearly not re-inventing the wheel with my slightly tardy review of NOPA, but just for kicks I'll give you my 2-cents (and my 1st review in almost 2 months)!The space is huge, yet inviting. Warm with really minimal decor (all the better to showcase their amazing menu).I can't say enough about the service here. From the hostess, to the waitress, to the chef's, everyone here is attentive, knowledgeable, and happy! We love happy people - especially when they're about to serve you food. This seems like the kind of place you would WANT to work at. The food was amazing and definitely lived up to the much-hyped reputation. The salmon carpaccio, goat cheese, flatbread, rotisserie chicken, london broil, burger & mashed potatoes were outstanding. All were freshly prepared, well balanced and wonderfully presented. Considering that three of us girls devoured everything on the plate (including two desserts), It was definitely a home run!
I would say, this type of restaurant has the class of high a end restaurant such as Michael Minas/Gary Danko; however, because their prices are very reasonable and affordable, I have to give it a 5 stars!!Make sure you try their Country Pork Chop! It's a speechless, unforgettable, and a very delicious pork chop i ever taste it in my life! It's like you add a Kobe beef style tenderness to the pork chop. First bite, it melted into your mouth!Another favorite dish is the Roast duck breast!This isn't a typical restaurant you would see everyday. Some of the ingredients such as chamoula, sardinian couscous, fennel, and many other organic type of stuffs they put into it, it add a wonderful taste of food.oh oh, Make sure you try the Sopaipillas with Burnt orange caramel. Even thought i bet you have no idea what is a Sopaipillas, and why would you want to pour inside of a sopaipillas with burnt orange caramel. TRUST ME!! This is a one hella good dessert!!!I would definitely go back again for some of the food i want to try!
Great space, yes. Reasonably price fare, yes. Interesting cocktails, yes....but I was there for the food and walked away a bit disappointed. I was waiting for that "oh my god" moment - but it never came. Maybe it isn't fair but I compare everything to Zuni which has always delivered. With all of NOPA's hype - I was excited to have another destination. Alas, not to be.....Six of us were seated at 6:30 - we ordered an array of appetizers including the fries (thank god we did - as our food did not arrive until after 8:00 - after I asked them to check on our order). They were all good - nothing out of the ordinary and certainly not orgasmic as one reviewer remarked (dude...you need to get out more). It was a shame that the entrees were so late in coming - as the staff is very attentive and it sort of cast a bad light on their efforts.Entrees ordered were the chicken (dry - definitely not a Zuni experience), my pork chop was rather bland and a little gamey, the short ribs were fair, the fish stew was very light - the best meal at the table was the vegetable tagine. Pecan pie was tasty - but I can make that at home.Should probably try again - I will just adjust my expectations - and maybe I will be pleasantly surprised?
Have now been many many many times and have not been disappointed.Sometimes the bar service can be spotty, but when it is consistently 2-3 deep there isn't too much room to complain.Food is always fabulous. I preferred the prosciutto, then pancetta flatbread to the sausage, but I don't like peppers & am eh about sausage.Apps & desserts are awesome - I find the donuts to be soft & light & have had them each time. Entrees also make me very very happy - agree with the Pork endorsements.This is a place that I think can please foodies and non alike.And the wine list is fun to explore. In addition to the cocktails.06/08 Addition: If Yelp Elites could give a 6th star out to their top 10, Nopa would get one from me.
This place is very nice and it's certainly a nice thing to have a non greasy spoon option for after 10pm, but for such a boring menu (that never changes), the price could be a bit lower. And people seem to agree with me, since every time I go, I see a whole lot of people eating burgers.In any case, I think NOPA is best for a cocktail and dessert, both of which are excellent. The famous donut holes have now turned into "sopapillas" but I'm not complaining.
hmmm...overratedthe food wasn't spectacular or memorable. i dont get the hype.
I normally am cautious about going to restaurants that highlight chicken and pork chops. I figure that I can cook them at home. I must say though...the pork chops at NOPA were amazing. I am in love with them. I would recommend that everyone should eat at NOPA and get the pork chops. The appetizers were good as well, but trust me. I had the best plate at the table.
Great restaurant! The downside is make reservations or wait 30-45 minutes. The word is out and like anything good people want a piece of it. Don't pass up the opportunity to sit at the Chefs table facing the kitchen. It's the best seat in the house and you get a chance to see the chefs work their magic. Wet got an opportunity to meet the owners while sitting in the back. This place is filled with "Love" and "Passion" for good food, good service all at a fair price. The drinks were great and I recommend the Pork Chop, Fish and all the appetizers.  Make sure to try their drinks and deserts!
Ahhhhhh, finally a place to eat solid food at midnight. Pork chop, hamburger, flat bread...can't go wrong with these 3 items.
I've been to NOPA several times now and have tried a good portion of their menu. I love the space--it brings in a lot of really nice natural light, especially in the warmer months. But being that it has high ceilings--this place does get loud.The fries are awesome.. sooo good! I really like the pork chip and the baked pasta. Not a huge fan of the vegetable tagine-- the flavors just didn't mesh with me. I'll have to try the burger next time--looks pretty good, though!
So after five years of wanting to go to NOPA and for some reason not going, we finally went. And it was very good. But not as excellent as I hoped. Perhaps if I had not recently gone to Wayfare Tavern, I would've thought differently, but overall I thought Wayfare Tavern was superior in pretty much every way (atmosphere, food, service - TYLER FLORENCE SIGHTING :)). But we had fun and enjoyed our experience and we appreciated the little tangalo/salt treat they gave us when we sat down. It did take quite awhile to get our first drinks ordered/delivered though. i don't mind waiting and having long European style meals - i just like to do it with a drink in hand :)Noise: we were seated right in the middle of the downstairs - it was noisy, hard to hear each otherFood: Appetizers:Asparagus & egg - yumFlatbread - good and plentiful compared to the other appsGoat Cheese and Beats - excellent, needed more bread pieces for the amt of goat cheeseOlives - plentiful (tasty as any olives are tasty, nothing special)Entrees:Pork Chop - delicious as stated in other reviewsMoroccan Tagine - my personal favoriteHalf chicken - good - but nowhere near as good as the fried chicken from wayfare tavernCanelloni - good, but not greatCocktails:Choke hold - I enjoyed thisthe Apple Cider one - my husband had this. NOT GOOD, tasted like watery apple juiceDessert:three people got dessert wine (2 ports and a brandy - all tasty)my friend and i split the pecan tart. awesome.
The wine alone makes this place pretty stand out. The way I see it, wine is marked up everywhere, but quality varies dramatically. It's hard to get a table on busy nights, but I thought the food was pretty good-- a kind of Western Addition Beretta.
Had dinner here last week, and can't shut up about it. it was delicious and a great dining experience. Food was excellent, and our server was charming, well-informed and a cutie. I don't even know how to begin with the interior, but loved the marriage of the grand-scale sexiness, somehow coupled with rustic and cozy. Is there such a thing?Food - it was all good. We started with sardines & microgreens, and the flatbread with bacon, raddichio & carmelized onions (which is a meal unto itself). I had the pork chop, while my dinner companion had the burger and fries. The pork chop was the biggest chop I've ever tackled, and could've fed two. The kitchen has this dish down pat because it was the juiciest pork chop I've ever had, with the right balance of seasoning and fat. I did not try the burger, but I will say the fries were crispy & light. I enjoyed the meal with some wine, and capped off with an espresso to close my door. I wish we had room for dessert, but we were stuffed to the gills. I'll save that for the next visit.Despite the full dining room and din of conversation, I must say we felt cozy and unaffected by the tables just a few feet away. Perhaps I am deaf and too self-absorbed to be bothered. We sat on the 2nd floor, which offered a great view. This place is a hot spot, so I highly suggest making reservations. Opens till 1am, for the night owls, and spill-off from The Independent and the Madrone crowd. Don't forget to enjoy the awesome mural by Brian Barneclo, too. Next time, cocktails at the bar and small plates!
Not another NOPA review....yes indeed...I've joined the bandwagon. We all know everyone loves this place blah blah blah and yes, it was quite good. Last night I had dinner at NOPA. A party of six, got greeted by nice host, got drinks from nice bartenders. Was gently pushed out of the way of a server who was going to do something nice for someone eating...everyone was so nice! That's good. Great service that felt like you were at a friends home...nice and personable. But that's how my girls and I hang. People like us because we're nice and people respond to nice.Great ambiance and bar area. It's a large space that doesn't feel too big. Colors and decor manage to create a cozy and warm feeling despite the high ceilings. I like the bathroom area with the male/female shared sink area. Drinks were all fabulous. The special cocktails they had were unique and tasty. I had some sort of mojita re-worked with fresh mint. Nice and refreshing. Starters rocked and we even got a muse before our main entree. The muse consisted of crackers with some nice cheese and these crazy special beets mixed with greens. Layer over layer...a flavor explosion in one bite. Very good. Other starters were flat bread with prosciutto, and salmon carpaccio with black salt...this was ridiculous in a very good way. The salmon was not cured which allowed the flavor of the salt to work into the fish. Melt in your mouth good. That black salt rocks.Entrees around the table were fish stew which was impressive because it didn't have the regular clams and mussels but instead the most tender calamari, and white fish. Red sauce in the fish stew was very good and in the middle was a big crouton that had an amazing olive oil soaked through. I soaked up all my sauce with the crouton. Halibut was good, roasted chicken looked awesome, and the vegetable tagine had raves from two people. I thought entree portions were just right, like european portions. You eat, enjoy, and feel good, not full.We pulled a Lazy Sunday and noshed into our own cupcakes for dessert. We did order coffee which they brought in a mini french press. Nice touch! We had champagne, and a lovely Sancerre. Wine list is reasonable and has some very interesting picks. Not boring at all.The whole meal was reasonable and for the quality of food and service we were very impressed. I will definitely return.Only drawback is the noise but we were being boisterous (6 drunk happy women) so that was probably a good thing. Some people don't like the short list of entrees but the quality of ingredients is high. You don't need a long list because everything is going to be good. Go to the suburbs and eat at TGIF's if you want a lot of choices...ya know? I was apprehensive about this place because everyone loves it so much. Sort of how I don't want to see Brokeback Mountain because I'm so sick of hearing about the damn movie that I think I'll be disappointed...NOPA was not disappointing at all. It was a great dining experience.UPDATE: How rude of me...forgot to mention the Sommelier was great!
An update. This time I ordered the pork chop and let me tell you, heaven!!! I was a lot more adventurous mixing up the cocktails,and made a discovery: they are ALL good!!!
We got there at about 5:30pm, which was a really good time because: A) we found parking in a SNAP, B) we had no problems getting seated at 6pm when they start serving food, and C) we got to watch the kitchen staff get ready for the evening. Why C? I like it when restaurants are prepared to make sure you have a great restaurant experience. I'm an asian woman and yes, I like my sweet white wines. So, I ordered the Muscat Blanc from Navarro, which was a mistake. I should have ordered a glass of the Gerwertztraminer, which was much sweeter. Main Squeeze ordered the chicken as an entree, and it was tasty and, most importantly, NOT dry. We also had the fries with the red-pepper feta dip. Yum! And the fries...geez, what can I say? They taste like In-n-Out fries (which I think are the best). Next time, I'll pass on the fries though because it's taking up so much room in my tummy, and I'm literally sick because I'm so full. Yes, I'm blaming the fries. T'as un probleme?I had the vegetable tagine, which was surprisingly good. I wasn't expecting much, but I'm really glad I ordered it. I'll definitely order it again. And finally for dessert I ordered the warm doughnut holes with the rum caramel. Oh bijizus. I give it 3 rolling eyes (in a good way) and 2 pounds. I would up the review, but the doughnut holes were not as good as the ones at London's Asia de Cuba, which I give 4 ecstatic moans and 4 restrained high-fives (can't be the obnoxious American!).Ahhl-be-bahhk
Other than Oola, I didn't know of another restaurant that you could go to for a great late night dinner any night of the week, and then I discovered NOPA.We always sit at the Chef's counter and watch them prep the food, which is fun, free entertainment. Their menu has classic favorites & seasonal dishes. Love all the meat here, they marinate and cook it oh so right. They have a nice selection of house cocktails, had the elderflower gimlet, that hits you hard. They do wine by the half bottle, which seems to be just enough for 2 at dinner.Great service, and overall ambiance. I love the exposed uni-sex bathrooms. Great date night! or drinks w/ the gals.
Well, I'm review 235 of this place, so the chances of anyone reading this are, well, 1 out of 235 I guess (umm, I never did take a stats class).That said, I'll throw in my 2 cents (or, rather, 4 stars). Wash House martini and House Manhattan are fantabulous.Boyfriend had the pork chop. He was a very happy omnivore. I had the veggie tagine. At first I was worried it would be boring, but it was really tasty. We could have selected a better appetizer, but that said, it was still delicious -- it just turned out not to be my cup of tea (we had some sardine thing with a yummy eggplant accompaniment). If that's the worst appetizer on the menu, then I look forward to coming back for the better ones.We sat above the kitchen, so I can vouch for the hygiene: eat-off-the-floor kitchen (not that I'd really want to). For dessert, we shared the pot de creme and a pumpkin-ginger cheesecake. The creme was extra fraiche on both. I had regular coffee (server in a french press...the BEST) and the BF had a cappuccino. The space is great. It's a little noisy, but not so bad that you could not hear each other. The entire staff was awesome, from the hostesses, to our server, to the runners, and the bussers. I was really impressed with the whole experience. And it's walking distance from our apartment! I'm looking forward to being a regular.
I love how I can run in to NOPA after work around 11:30pm and still have a seat right away. There's lots of action at nopa; server running around in their hip uniform communicating with the cooks and hostess, bar packed with people of different age, and the long communal bathroom sink that forces you to talk to other people.... My favorite dish is the fish stew! and the burgers& fries are very yummy too with their special dipping sauce. Make sure you don't skip the home made desert and the french press coffee.
This is more of a 3.5 star place, and I think if they can put together a long term consistent track record maybe a move to 4 stars would be warranted. Who should go here:  Anyone looking for a fun/popular place to dine with very good atmosphere and good food. Open late, so if you are a night owl you can dine here up to 1am.1 Star - Lacking/Turn Off2 Stars - Needs Work, But fixable3 Stars - Adequate4 Stars - Near perfect, rough edge here or there5 Stars - Can't get much BetterAtmosphere: 4 stars. NOPA has done a really good job creating a fun and pretty unique dining atmosphere. Whether you are hanging out at the bar, sitting out the chefs counter, the community table or a quiet table upstairs, this place has a great vibe. The bar is a fun scene, and if you want you can order dinner/apps, but be prepared to be bumping elbows because it can get crowded.Service: 3.5 stars. I think the service here is a bit lacking only because the place tends to be very crowded, and the waiters are trying to cover too much. So wait times for ordering or btw dishes can be a little long. On the plus side, the staff tends to be fun and upbeat. They also know their menu extensively, so don't be afraid to ask for some guidance.Food: 3 stars. Everything I have tried had NOPA has be good to very good, but nothing really great. To me the focus so far here has been creating a new and exciting atmosphere and experience, and the food a bit of a after thought. Entree wise I think the Pork Chop is the best, followed by the black cod. As far as apps I would try the wood baked giant white beans (this might have been my favorite part of the meal) or the flatbread (this is really good, but rich and filling so best to share). I definitely think there is potential here, and I expect that the level of food will rise.Wine: 3.5 stars. Mediocre wines by the glass, but the wine list is actually pretty good. Prices are very fair. Very good selections from around the world, however, I almost think that the variety is too much. They should pick more of a focus (region, grape type) that better matches with the food. This would create a much more balanced experience. So they have the number of options right, just more focus to matching with what is on the dinner menu.Overall: 3.5 stars. I think NOPA is definitely a great place for dinner and I highly recommend it. I think overtime this restaurant will continue to improve, it has the foundation, now needs just a little refinement around the edges. One to watch!
Yum and slurp divine.I fell in love with the Elderberry Gimlet first and enjoyed everything afterward through the happy glow of my second elderberry gimlet. The appetizer was delicious and I enjoyed the pork chop entree, but there was a lot of fat on it. I tired of the bland mass of beans quickly and wished it had been served with potatoes instead. That is the reason for not giving it 5 stars. The pecan pie with salted ice cream sounds odd but was heaven, was big enough to share and a wonderful way to finish.  Good wine list too. I will return.
Good food. Like sitting at the bar or communal table. Loved the halibut ceviche and cocktails
Was there a neighborhood here before there was NOPA? Yes, of course. But this "North of Panhandle" spot has set the anchor and I think the mooring'll stick. I imagine we'll begin to see some complimentary places pop up nearby to cash in on the vibe.Its the big picture at NOPA more than any of its individual parts that move me. Its a comfortable environ that serves good food and slick drinks until late. Top that off with a wine list thats inventive and priced reasonably (on purpose) and food that's local whenever possible and I'll call it a winner whenever it delivers.When we ended up near Haight on a Tuesday with friends who'd arrived late from NYC, it was an epiphany. I had never been before, but where else was there? Kezaar in Cole Valley? Best of Thai Noodle? Magnolia? Not with friends who live across from NYC's Red Cat.Its an attractive option to be able to sit down at 12:30AM to what Ky W. called the "fattiest pork chop of his life" - fatty is good, especially when its finely marbled through a rib chop substantial enough that it could be thrown through a windshield.The food was a hit for me, especially for grazing with friends. We didn't come in to sort through a course by course meal. We came late, sort of hungry, to graze. The menu doesnt do a lot in the way of categorizing, and neither did we as diners. We ordered what sounded appetizing and the server consciously brought it out in three waves classified by what could fit on the table.Dishes werent particular inventive, but they didnt try to be. It was more important to me that the fries were crisp, the meats properly prepared and the flavors balanced. Even at 1:00AM, "Mission Accomplished."Pan fried Delicata squash was a surprise hit - ultra sweet, clear in intention, crispy and neatly skirting greasiness. The vegetable tagine was bright and flavorful, correctly seasoned and balanced nicely with a thin yogurt sauce. A Sardine dish worked for me also, cutting the rich fish flavor with a lemony mash of eggplant.It was fun to see neighboring tables plowing through bottles of wine and equally full tables of food late on a tuesday. The service was attentive and professional, although the clearing was aggresive to the point where we had to physically save a couple of dishes from early exists. Everyone was courteous and made a point of welcoming diners and thanking them personally on their way out - a touch that my midwest sensibilites resound with.When its obvious that a space is owner operated, it always redoubles my enthusiasm. I think the excitement these guys are feeling about their own place will keep the community humming around this communal table.
A group of us dined at nopa this evening -- Friday -- and everything was truly amazing from start to finish: rum side cars and Manhattens, a fabulously great Chilean syrah cab, flatbread, calimari, a juicy smoky roast chicken with delicious bread salad and veggies, lamb shank with risotto, pork chop with roasted beets and kumquats, and halibut with fingerling potatoes. Then a chatreuse cake, a farro cardamom rice pudding, a meyer lemon cake, and pressed pots of blue bottle coffee.Yummmmmm and the prices seemed quite reasonable -- particularly for such great food.
this quintissential late night dining spot is hard to get to due to the limited parking in the area. popular even till 1 AM, and came around 11 PM -- packed, so make a reservation. fun to sit upstairs overlooking the downstairs. nice drink menuso the amuse bouche is a string bean with melted blue cheese to dip in sea salt -- um, probably the worst uninspired amuse i've had. ok great start.ordered*warm goat cheese, cherries, plum, frisee, crostini -- classic combination of flavors and textures done well, particularly a mitigated goat cheese flavor with the seasoning, crunchy crostini*flatbread of spicy fennel sausage, zucchini, basil (pesto sauce), and crescenza cheese -- very green and very californian, tasty*infamous country pork chop prepared this time with summer beans, corn, and basil butter -- usually i kinda avoid pork chop because the result at an american place is dry and overseasonedbut here was pretty amazing. medium cooked, juiciness very much retained, served to you like a steak. the salt amount was perfectly savory. impressive late night eatery, one of a kind for sf.still the trendy placecame back for another stab at the pork chop. still juicy but the best is slicing small pieces off the side (pepper/mustard seed crust) cuz otherwise a bit too thicknice amuse and flat bread was good with bacon, caramelized onions, escarole, and something else.
Pork chop! Eat it.
oh NOPA. by far one of my favorite restaurants, it is comfortable, unassuming, cozy. the food and drink always deliver - without breaking the bank, you can get an excellent gourmet meal that will leave you going home satisfied and full. for whatever reason, it's rare to find this combination of inventive and tasty food for such a reasonable price.pork chops, rotisserie chicken, crostini, flatbread, and the hamburger. why can't i find those pickled onions anywhere else?ps. i always wondered why people continue to pile on review after review, even after amassing hundreds of reviews (1,500 reviews in this case!). so i don't really know what i'm contributing to this set of reviews other than to say that i like this place, very much.
N - No parking, no sitting, no bar space, no standing room even! Therefore, no food, no service and barely one drink. If it wasn't for fellow Yelper Julie M., I wouldn' t have been able to have a tasty bite of crispy flatbread and olives. Thank you Yelper Julie M! and hubby.O - Open floorplan, Open spaces, open arid area, making for loud area. Unfortunately, this openness doesn't flow to the sitting, standing room situation. This place was literally overflowing which I credit to the fact that as little a one year ago there wasn't a decent place in a few miles to go out to a bar and eat in the Divis/Alamo Square district. I used to go with the BF to the area and there just wasn't anything. Naturally, NOPA's getting all the attention . . . and I mean ALL the attention! We had to drive into town to get some food at The House.P - Pawing, disgusting, Partners, couples and just generally gross PDA going on! Since when is it okay for googling, lovey dovey couples to hog high rent space bar seats all night long in bustling, busy bars with crowds? Honestly! Go get a room!A - Average looking crowd. Somewhere between slumming Mission and Silicon Marina, I didn't fit in. Not a cutey in the house, Ms. Ali needed to find some other bar action fast! Overall, no food, no service, no sitting, no standing service, probably some great food, but only got it from a fellow Yelper (who rocks!), missable with an okay, average only looking crowd!
NOPA gets 5 stars for its supremely excellent service, elderflower cocktail, and the BEST donuts in the world! The donuts with rum caramel are even better than Krispy Kreme donuts (and I did put deep thought into this comparison, although they might be offended) -- not too sweet, nice and warm, perfect aeration. I was skeptical of the elderflower cocktail tasting flowery but the manager recommended it and it was excellent, very very subtle.I like how they are open late til 1am.
This is becoming my "pre-Independent show" dinner spot - everything is fresh and hearty, and though I'm not crazy about their seafood preparations, the veggie and meat dishes have been fantastic. It's LOUD though so don't bring your shy, retiring types here or you'll never know what the hell they're talking about. This place also just has a good feel to it; everyone who works here seems experienced and relaxed, especially the bartenders. I did get the wrong doggy bag once though. Nothing like expecting London Broil and getting a mostly gnawed pork chop. That was a downer. But the cat dug it. We really need 1/2 stars!
If you're docking this place stars because they're not absolutely perfect, then you have NO IDEA what it takes to open a restaurant in this town. When I was a board member in the local neighborhood association, I watched this space sit empty as one after another proposal for a nightclub, restaurant, gallery, etc. were abandoned by their sponsors because of the arduous process they faced getting the space permitted and open for business. Sometime during my ill-conceived hiatus from the '117, somehow the space transformed into a chic yet rustic full-service restaurant with a type 47 or some shit (I had hard liquor, okay? Do you know how difficult that is?) This former bank building used to be a laundromat. That means they didn't have a kitchen, and they sho' did not have any license to sell booze. This restaurant, from the looks of it (and it is SEXY) had well over a hundred grand in renovations, not including the cost of the liquor license itself (market price about $50K) and money lost waiting for the permitting process to get the license and the kitchen permitted for the premises by the World's Most Awesome Bureaucracy (encompassing the California ABC, the SF Board of Supervisors, SF Planning Dept., and SF Building Dept.) Oh, then they had to BUILD a kitchen, mezzanine and do some light renovation. How they made it happen in less than two years is beyond me (and for such a fabulous adaptive re-use, no less!) I worked at City Hall, and I congratulate you people.All that aside, I think the restaurant is pretty great. Server Jennifer is a doll, and by doll I mean extremely professional and competent and has beautiful skin. All the food I've had is decent to delectable, including two kinds of fish carpaccio (yes, it's like sushi, but beaten a bit and with olive oil and some sprigs of arugula) that were both fabulously light and yet rich in Omega-3s. The entrees often include a veggie tagine which I find to be delicious, and it's a great place to stop in for dessert because they often have some riff on fresh donut holes with like, orange spicy honey. YUM.Nopa also has a burly wine list. And some superlative cocktails including a decent Sazerac, which is not as good as the Alembic's but a pleasure to find on the menu anyway. Anyway, I dig it.
I come to NOPA about once a month. If I am lucky, I have a reservation, but I usually end up waiting for a seat. This is time consuming, so be warned.The service at NOPA sets the standard for similar restaurants in the city. Their cocktails are top notch. Their wine selection and the amount of knowledge they have about the wines they serve is excellent. I usually order the pork chop and a few sides. I am never disappointed when dining at NOPA and I doubt you will be either.
Everything was yum...The decibel level is high. We had to scream at each other to have a conversation. Really enjoyed the chicken,riblets and flatbread. Warning...It's mega hot up in the balcony section........also an interesting view looking down.
I've yet to actually have dinner there, as I go there mainly for the cocktails/apps. Don't buy the bullshit about it being trendy or whatnot - I live in the neighborhood, and compared to Fly/Madrone it's a solid, fairly-priced alternative place to sit with a friend and talk without shouting. The goat cheese is yummy, as are the bread/bacon thingamajigs. The lamb riblets I wasn't so impressed with, but I plan on definitely trying the rotisserie chicken next time I'm in there - it looks BOMB.No idea why, but this is probably the only bar in the city I consistently drink booze at. It's prolly 'cause they've got a great selections of ports (Don PX = *yum*) and gins (Sarticious martini/straight up/2 olives = *double yum*). Definately good digs if you're looking for a mellow Friday night after working all week.
Oh yes, it's the home of the YP's! You know who you are you young professionals, you! Always crowded around your elegant long table by the window gettin' your MEdItErRaNeAn AoLi MicRoGrEEn CaLi FuSiOn on. My grifter boyz and I have been suckered into getting a burger here at around 1AM a couple of times and it was pretty tasty, albeit expensive. But come on dudes, throw me some ketchup for those fries, that dip doesn't cut it!
went here for a birthday dinner with friends, sat upstairs and was blown away! Kyle was our server and he was GREAT. While I've been a fan if the roast chicken at Zuni for many years, I think it has finally met it's match! Great drinks, great food, great crowd mix. Loved it.
Not a lot of places are crowded on a tuesday night...NOPA is. And there is good reason. Food is great.Our party of 4 was just the perfect...if you go as a couple, you don't get as many chances to sample all the food.At first we weren't going to order any appetizers until we saw these awesome looking giant beans at the table next to us. Apparently everyone is into beans...I don't blame them, the wood baked giant white beans with feta and oregano was perfect. I am really...giant beans!! who can complain. We also got the warm goat cheese with crostini and beats. YUM!For the entrees we ordered the grilled pork chop, cooked medium rare. The meat just melted in your mouth. The moroccan vegetable tagine had lots of flavor. The pan seared halibut was also perfectly cooked. And then I got the baked pasta with braised duck.So here's a funny story. We all got our entrees and started to dig in. I was eating my pasta and was like where is the duck??? I thought i was going crazy. So I asked my friends if they could see it. They pointed out a piece which was actually a turnip. So I thought maybe i ordered it wrong...was there another dish that was only baked pasta. I asked the server what the duck was supposed to look like and she said shredded. So here we are....5 people looking for duck in the pasta. No such luck. They ended up giving me a new baked pasta with duck on the house.Gotta love that.OK onto dessert. We ordered 4 different ones and shared them all."the first four on the menu please, thanks!"Apricot torte and honey ice cream- YUMM, torte was perfect...not stale tasting as some tortes can beWarm donut holes and rum caramel- YUMM, donut holes just melted in your mouthChocolate-Almond Terrine and Tayberries- YUMM, the terrine thingy is like a flourless chocolate cake. the Tayberries...which looked like raspberries to me were sooooo perfectly fresh and not to sweet.And finally the Blueberry upside down cake and lemon ice cream-YUMM, all the flavors complimented each other perfectly.All in all the food was great. Only downside was that I couldnt hear a word. Everyone was yelling. I think the acoustics were a little off but oh well...food...good.
Yes, I gave it five stars. Yes, it's true and I'll tell you why...I had a five star experience here last night. Walked in around 8:30 pm, they took our name and said they would have a table in about 15 minutes....sat at the bar and had totally dreamy bartender make me a super scrummy El Diablo. Then, we were seated....exactly 15 minutes after we had arrived....I bid adieu to the hot bartender and we were lead to our seats upstairs. Had great view of the entire bustling restaurant and great food. We had the baked Goat Cheese app, and both had the Pork Chop entree....meooooowww, those grilled peaches were the BOMB with that big ass chop. It was so good I cleaned my plate! Wine list was fairly impressive and we slurped down not one but two half bottles of excellent pinot noir...soo good that our well-intentioned work night sobriety was gone with the wind while we were still mowing the appetizer.....All in all a fatastico belated bday dinner with an old friend from law school. The only part of my meal that was slighty off was the cobbler dessert, although it did come with a candle and the drunken, whispered rendition of happy bday made up for the boring cobbler crust.....
After hearing lots about this place I finally had to try it. My friends work in the restaurant biz and this place was open late enough to seat us at 11. A great time was had. We had a reservation and was seated when we arrived (despite not having the full party). The service was great. The food was delish. My friend and I split a burger. Because we all split a few appies. The calamari - YUMM. But the winner was the desert. Break Pudding. SUPER YUMM. The only down fall of the night was the annoying table next to us and that one of my friends plate was brought out early by mistake.
A few unique gems on the menu and all of them enjoyable. I recommend the giant white beans and pork chop. The cheese and crustini were delicious, but I think the crustini were deep fried in butter - lol. Definitely a big plus that they serve dinner so late.The staff were really nice, but they took (tried to take) our food away too early twice in one evening - not so fun. I am not a full on glutten, but if you are enjoying something and taking your time at least ask if your customers are done. This makes you feel like they are just trying to get as many people through the doors as possible vs. being truly concerned everyone is having a good time.3.5 stars would be perfect, but had to go on the lower side for now. All in all i think my expectations were higher than the experience delivered. I will go back eventually though.
Sadly, the last experience was not as stratospheric as previous ones. While the burger and the duck were good, everyone else's dishes fell far short of the high standard NOPA had set. And while I'm loathe to blame the slow, forgetful service on our overwrought waitress, it seems there could have been more support for her when dealing with a party of eight as well as several other tables. I will not hesitate to go back to NOPA, but I always seem to have the best time when I drop into the bar for a drink and a snack. I think I'll just stick with that and leave the dining room to others.
There's no denying that NOPA has an impressive space, filled with pretty people there to see and be seen. Unfortunately, the food does not match the trappings. The small menu lacked options and felt limited and the kitchen prepared our order with indifference. On a recent visit on a packed Tuesday night (parking in the neighborhood was a nightmare!), my friend and I found space at the communal table adjacent to the bar and were taken care of by several attentive servers. I wanted to enjoy my dinner, I really did, but the kitchen just didn't deliver. My duck prosciutto lacked flavor and had an unpleasant texture, and my Mediterranean seafood stew was bland. Great attention was paid to keeping the seafood overcooked but the potatoes (of which there were a lot in ratio to the fish) had not finished cooking. My dining companion had a roast chicken that was just fine was a bit overpriced at $19.Go for a drink, maybe have a snack, but save your dining dollars for some better food!
Easily one of the best new restaurants of this year, it's already being held up there in my book with the likes of Absinthe and The Globe as a destination for superior late-night dining.It can get super busy Wed-Sat, but it's worth the wait. My advice, cozy up to the boisterous bar and have one of their expert bartenders pour you something special. Indeed, one of my favorite ways to enjoy NOPA is just eating right at the bar, their burger kills it!
I'd lived in the neighborhood and when I got promoted (because my budget is more Bean Bag across the street - which I heart), was excited to celebrate with a dinner out at a place I'd heard so much about. Sadly, NOPA neatly sums up everything I can't stand about the San Francisco dining "scene."1. More scene than food. Huge hype, and the food felt more like it was supposed to make a statement than taste good. So much style over substance you'd think you were in LA, if you ignored the unmistakably SF sustainable/organic stamp.2. Pretentious, unhelpful wait service. This not being a locale my salary allows me to frequent often, I had a question about the menu. The attitude I got in return stopped me from asking another, and as a result I ended up spending my "celebration" guiltily picking at food I didn't like. And I'm not picky. At all.3. In such a food-obsessed city as SF, you can drop this kind of cash for an infinitely better meal in a surrounding whose "hip" factor matches, but doesn't outshine, the food it's supposedly there to serve, e.g. Slanted Door or Delfina. And if it's mixology you're after, hit Bourbon & Branch, where I'll happily pay $11 for a cocktail.Definitely not worth the spend. It's a shame, because I hear Nopalito is great and I've been craving good Mexican - but if it's anything like the original, I'll pass.
I'm really impressed with this restaurant. Also encouraged and anxious that this may be the beginning of something important in this area. For looooong long long, some residents - not all, but some - have been waiting for something to come into the Alamo Square/Divisadero neighborhood to anchor a transition from semi-seedy strip to higher end shopping and dining district; to gentrify, to use a potentially explosive, totally un-pc term. This may be the boost needed to kick-start this process.This high-profile location was once upon a time a bank and then, you'll remember, it was a laundromat of all useless things for such an important corner. Upon walking in, we were immediately impressed with what they've done with the space. A classy ambiance, tastefully appointed and decorated, finished with a high open ceiling showing off rusticated wood cross-beams, probably the original framing, they've masterfully accentuated and highlighted the character of the old building's interior. There's a mezzanine level above that is soon to be completed. Temperature is well-controlled and ceiling fans circulate the air nicely. Even though the space was crowded, the noise was dispersed and absorbed well enough that you could hold a comfortable conversation at normal pitch. This is an important asset in a city who's hundreds of trendy new restaurants are generally deafeningly loud.The food is quite good. The menu is not expansive, concentrating heavily on cocktails and a very extensive wine collection. They do seem to pride themselves on regional, seasonal cuisine prepared from local goods and produce. So we started with warm goat cheese served with mini-crostini: excellent. Moved into the butter lettuce salad which had delicate orange slices and a really nice tarragon dressing. I'm a burger fan, so I had to try it, especially since our server, Kegan, proclaimed it their most popular item thus far. The thick patty was extremely rich (not particularly lean) and juicy, served with melty vermont white cheddar on a lightly grilled eggy bun, accented with some kind of mildly spicy aioli. Even the fries were pretty memorable, served hot and crispy, with coarse salt. Finished with the homemade donut holes which were served with a hot orange maple syrup...superb.Service was excellent, but there were a few extended moments of attention-lapse that I'm sure are just growing pains and will be remedied as the kinks get worked out. After all, this place has only been open five weeks just yesterday.One note on drinks: Please stay away from the negrano cocktail, which I don't believe was on the menu, but came highly recommended by our server. Honestly, it tasted like distilled, fermented, filtered dishwater and was the only real flaw in the experience.
Thank you Kitty! Thanks for your patience and wonderful cocktails.
I can't really tell if it was the venue or the fact that we had the pleasure of being served by the infamous Neyah White, but our experience at Nopa was wonderful. The space itself is really well done - large space - minimalist and industrial, yet warm. They serve dinner until 1am, which if you know me, is KEY. I am so excited to have another place to eat late night. The food was amazing...particularly the burger and some dish with "runners" (a type of bean) that Neyah brought over. And, of course, my server experience was amazing. Recommended!**Note - my dining and drinking experiences generally fall on a Sunday-Thursday, so I never experience the madness of a weekend. My recommendation is to go during the week - for all places!
Will this place ever not be packed? Stopped in with some friends for dinner around 9pm last night. We decided to gather around the communal table, which was really fun, since we met some interesting people as well.The bar is quite a scene, very social, in a good way.The fries are my favorite, but the ribs are fatty and quite delish! Oh, the burger is to die for, so is the flatbread. You can order a few small items like this and make a meal out of it, but they also have some intriguing entrees.Final thoughts: Add NOPA to your hipster cool late night eating list, which should already include Oola and The Globe!
I'd been wanting to try out NOPA for months but was reluctant to drag my friends there based on the negative reviews I read and the prices. Then a gift certificate came my way, and we were in business, so off we went.My friends got there first and had trouble getting the hostess to give them a table even after they explained that I'd be there in 3 minutes and they wanted to order drinks. Bad start, but they got a table thanks to a sensible waitress.I got there and we proceeded to eat and drink with abandon, the way you do when you don't have to pay for it. At each course we laughed at ourselves for our splurge: three appetizers, three entrees, three desserts - for three people. The verdict? It was not horrible, but we're never going back. In a place like SF where you can get all kinds of outstanding food and much of it dirt cheap, we would never pay the money to eat what turned out to be very mediocre fare at NOPA. The mixed drinks were small and weak. Of all the dishes we ordered, two qualified as good - the duck appetizer and a warm pudding dessert. The rest was just not worth it. The hype is a wonder to me, but I suppose there is room for mediocre food everywhere, even in SF.
It is about the reservations. Really now. It has happened to me twice. Attempt after attempt to discover the undisclosed secret of making a reservation. You would think that this would be a simple process or maybe they really don't want to take reservations. Just be honest then but the frustration that results does not encourage one to patronize this establishment. It is then so aggravating to go there, see the near empty restaurant to be told that if you don't have a reservation you are SOL. Maybe the new economy will bring about a change here but for now, don't bother. When I did get seated, the food wasn't that amazing.
I find myself coming here for bday parties often as the place is big and great for large groups. There are alot of dates and couples in Nopa, but I think the noise level makes it better for crowds. Nopa's strongest selling point is their location which is the epicenter of that area for me. But what keeps the crowds coming is the food and ambience. The pork chops are what they are known for the most, but the beans, burgers. flatbread are also really good. While the place is a little bit dressier for the 'hood, if I'm in the area I'll most likely pop into Fly Bar before and kick it for awhile.
Modern decor with a cool loft space,Get the RABBIT, its delicious,Great ambiance which doesn't get too noisy nor stay too quiet,The RABBIT is more tender than you'd think,Service was always on key,I'm diggin the RABBIT they serve,Classy touch to the trendy neighborhood,RABBIT, RABBIT, RABBIT...mmmMMMM
Nopa rocks. Great food, nice staff, and a bar that was clearly stocked by a connoiseur. Outstanding.
It is about time! We needed a great restaurant in this neighborhood. The decor of the the place has a simplistic ease due to the loft space and color palette. Which helps to balance out the crowds of people, and overall loud volume of the place. This is a restaurant that I would recommend sharing everything. The flat bread was fantastic! While I'm not one to normally order Chicken when I dine, the Rotisserie was the best I've ever had. The Pinot by the glass was delicious.
It gives Popeye's chicken more than a run for its money!Simply ...Excellent service (and I mean the sincerity was seamlessly programmed in if it's a show) with food to match!Want more ...A little noisy as usual with this kind of place so don't bring folks with hearing problems unless you ask for a table upstairs - it's a little quieter up above. Nice view below.The rotisserie chicken was fantastic as everyone said and would make Colonel Sanders roll. Okay, after a night of drinking, Popeye's popcorn type chicken seems like the best food in town!The halibut and burger are my runner up favorites. Excellent fresh and organic veggie sides come with the fish. The chef is continually working on a sauce as a substitute for ketchup - and he does very, very well. The fries are a must and I would pass on the mashed potatoes - not as special as others said.The desserts are worth keeping space for as we all found the baked Alaska to win the award of best dessert to please a table of 7! Plus they have a few ports I was happy to see. Try the Smith Woodhouse 86 Colheita for a lovely brown sugar taste!And, the prices are reasonable. For 7 people with cocktails, 2 bottles of wine, almost all the appetizers, entrees, 2 desserts, coffee and port was about $400 (including tax).Making reservations is difficult for same night reservations, but either way, call at 2pm and be patient. Or, stop by and make them in person.Enjoy - I did!
Would have given this place 3 stars but the dessert was THAT GOOD it earned Nopa a full extra star.We came on a Sunday night after a long weekend of boozing, craving some comfort and great service, which Nopa seems to be known for. We were seated right away at 7:30pm but had to wait some time for anyone to acknowledge our presence. I'm all for a paced out dining experience, and our waitress was great at that and really nice, but I hate having to ask for something more than twice. I really wanted bread to snack on before our appetizers came because the bottle of $40 dollar wine we ordered (probably the cheapest on the menu) was eating away at my empty stomach tissue, but i had to ask for it 4 times before it finally came after our appetizer arrived. ugh.However, I was impressed that upon our arrival we were greeted with a complimentary amuse bush (sp?) that definitely opened my tastebuds to crave more. It was some sort of eggplant pesto on a crostini. Not bad.For a starter we ordered the goat cheese crostini. I was underwhelmed...it came with beets and some lettuce sprigs, which I soon discovered if combined with the cheese and crostini is actually quite tasty. The cheese and bread alone were standard, but added the compliments and it was pretty good.I ordered the grass fed burger and my friend got the rabbit. The burger was cooked perfectly medium which was shocking to me b/c I never get my meat perfect to my liking (unless its a late nightt kilbasa he he jk). The bread was soft, overall the meat was fresh, you could tell it was the best of quality possible. The fries are freshly cut and some even come in different shapes and sizes (which I love). It needed ketchup and salt. Oh yeah salt is not left on the table you have to ask for it. But they have amazing sea salt that comes in huge chunks. I'm a salto though so don't take my word for it. The rabbit came in a lemon white wine sauce with risotto, not bad it was moist and flavorful. I'm not much of a white wine sauce person but it was better than any chicken piccata sauce I've ever had (Which I HATE). Bet lets be honest, rabbit is a lot like chicken. The portions were large perfect size...I couldn't even finish my meal but I really wanted left overs to have a late night snack after spending times with "trees".So I was incredibly full after a bottle of wine and all that food, not hungry whatsoever but needed dessert. A glutton at her finest hour. The corn ice cream with honey bread and bacon brittle sounded too interesting to pass up. And I was right, it was the best tasting combo i've ever had!!!! I can't believe the genius of who ever thought to combine bacon into a brittle the perfect sweet/salty taste and the cold ice cream and soft bread. This dessert is a must try!! Please try it if you go to Nopa. Or just go for the dessert.
this was the second time i came here....the previous time was a long time ago, before they started taking reservations. hallelujah on that one.it's got a cool vibe and i got rock star parking, but neither are a guarantee when you go there, i'd assume! here's a tip though....on that rare occassion (e.g., one of the 6 days of the year) that it is hot in SF, DON'T sit upstairs...it was crazy hot! and i don't mean HAWT...i mean HOT!!! it ain't a pretty sight when you get up and there are two prominent wet spots behind your knees. yikes!oh, the food...that was good. and so was the service. the flatbread was excellent. fries were really good. the wabbit was pretty decent. the halibut was on the verge of being overdone, but they saved it in the nick of time. the crostini with goat cheez was okay, aside from the fact that i had to build it myself. i guess that's good though...you can make it how you like it....although i guess you could do that at home too. whatevs...still a decent place to grab a bite if you have time for the wait (even with a res)....
I think the ~1200 reviewers before me have covered everything except for a few things (but maybe they have covered these too since I haven't read all 1200 reviews). If you are seated upstairs (especially in the corner) get ready to leave smelling of smoked bacon. I don't go to hot pot and korean bbq places where you cook your own food for this very reason. That being said, I loved all the dishes with the smoked bacon including the mussels app and the honey bread dessert with bacon brittle. My sea bass was tasty, though a bit overdone. The artichoke hearts and romesco sauce that came with the bass were very tasty. Everything I tried was definitely a notch above the typical pricey place but I will deduct a star because of the "smell on the clothes" factor.
only went once--had a lovely time. and a lovely drink infused with earl grey. v. exciting menu, beautiful beamed ceilings.you should definitely make a reservation.
NOPA occupies a large room with a bar and tables closely arranged. We were six for dinner on a Sunday night. The place was full and noisy.The menu is not too long and the wine list is good.We shared appetizers: the little fried fish (sardines on that evening) were crispy, the calamari were good, the baked goat cheese with beets and crostini was OK and the flat bread was mainly hard dough.The duck legs were very good, the hamburger looked nice on the brioche roll and was good. The fish stew was mainly potatoes and onion with two pieces of white fish and six clam shells, two of which were empty.The sopaipillas were excellent.The service was good and efficient,
Update: Bumping up to four stars. NOPA has entered heavy rotation for me because it's a great mixture of approachable and complicated. Like a good book. I still find the wine list a little hard to work with, though.Skipped the reservation hassle and visited NOPA on a quiet Saturday at 5:30. Sampled some snacks at the bar (manchego with date jam, olive oil, and almonds was the standout) and we were seated within 45 minutes.The dinner menu presents some difficult decisions - the starters moreso than the entrees. We opted for the baked giant white beans and the flatbread to start. Both were simple flavors well executed.For dinner we shared the baked pasta and the duck. I'm glad that I resisted my temptation to boycott the latter based on the inclusion of beets (the proliferation of beets in California cuisine these days is maddening). As with the starters, both entrees were well balanced ingredients, perfectly executed.Overall a great experience, but as with many other reviewers I didn't have a revelatory moment with any bite. I'll certainly be returning and I'd recommend NOPA to others, but the key - as with many other lauded restaurants in The City - is in resetting your expectations.
Thank god we had a reservation, otherwise the wait would have been terrible. Our waiter was great - attentive and patient when answering questions about the menu. The decor is amazing. It was hard to believe that I used to do my laundry in this same space.After we ordered our waiter brought us two little squares of bread. On top of the bread there was tasteless green paste. Luckily, he also brought us some salt to sprinkle on it so that it wasn't entirely unpalatable. I'm not sure what the point of it was. I suppose it was to make the actual entrees seem better. The food was just okay. Nothing to rave about and certainly not memorable. The prices are absolutely ridiculous for what we got. I hate to say this because I really do like to give my business to my neighborhood restaurants, but I won't be going back. It's just not worth it.
YUUUUUUMMMMM! Great food and drinks!! Its my top 3 favorite restaurants in town. It is sometimes a long wait but its WORTH IT once you get a seat at the bar or a a table! You have to go there at least once if you live in SF. Once you go, your hooked.
Yum-o!! excellent all the way
Nopa's food was fantastic, flavorful, inventive and fresh without being contrived.This place is always crowded on a weekend and can be difficult to get a reservation. We circled like vultures and secured a spot at the bar to eat dinner. Not bad since it was just the two of us.I was starving, and thus had to start with the french fries. Definitely not my usual MO. They were light, delicious, but definitely still fries. The whole "salt on a side plate" thing isn't going to change that. It took a while for our vegetarian tagines to come out from the kitchen, so while glad to have a snack, I over stuffed myself with the grease. The tagine was delightful. Unexpected, full-flavored, delightful. Because I overindulged on fries, I enjoyed the rest of my meal the next day as left overs.I am trying not to be a star slut and just give that 5th star away for free. I mean 5 stars has got to mean something, right?
I just went here for the first time for a friend's birthday, and will definitely make it back again!I had the halibut (which was fantastic!) as well as most of a side of mashed potatoes...I ordered it thinking the other people at the table would help out with it, but ended up eating most of it myself. The sad thing is that I couldn't stop eating it because it was all whipped and buttery goodness...Before our meal we had the flatbread and lamb riblets and both of these were also tasty, as was the old cuban (which tasted like a carbonated mojito...no Castro jokes please) that I drank with the appetizers.The atmosphere was interesting (although it was a bit loud and warm in the upstairs area where we sat) and the staff was very friendly and attentive. As I mentioned above, I'll definitely make it back to NOPA in the future...
Just had dinner at the "long table" It was good, and the server was excellent. The bartender was excellent too. Had a burger. Very good burger, served with nice, tender fries and pickled onions. They say it comes with lettuce but I found the two baby gem leaves of lettuce on my plate that were comically small. I asked for more and received it quickly. But no tomato. "they aren't in season" was the reason I got. ???? I guess at NOPA, hothouse tomatoes aren't good enough. In any case, I still enjoyed my burger and will be back for more dinner someday.
Really good food really good service . Would go back again for sure
One star for...I guess for trying. horrible service ok food. next time I can eat overpriced food somewhere else where waitress fills up my water and clean up table.
Perfect. My idea of a flawless restaurant is the same as a great glass of wine: it has something interesting going for it. Show me something different! Something comfortable and friendly but high quality as well! NOPA has got it down. Huge vaulted ceiling and a mural on one wall, a semi-open kitchen so that sitting upstairs, I could look down and decide what I wanted based on what was being prepared. The staff wear their street clothes and act like you came over to their house for dinner. They don't take reservations yet, but we were seated within the time it takes to sit at the bar and order a drink (on a Wednesday night, tho). I ran into a yoga student and recognized other neighborhood faces, making me feel like a regular even on my first visit. The "something different" things that I loved: The tables are covered in butcher paper, the napkins are your standard kitchen towels, and you get chopsticks with your silverware. I was boring and stuck with wine all night, but their cocktails look ultra creative and fun--I'll be back to check those out. I loved the halibut carpaccio appetizer, served with sea salt and nice olive oil and arugula. I also had the pan-seared fish with asparagus and peas and artichoke hearts--light and perfect. Dessert was a cow's milk cheese with honey and warm rasinbread crisps, which tatsted great with the old zin port. Great date place, but it would be a fun night out with friends as well--try the communal table facing the window. The only thing average about the place was price--apps, dinner, dessert, and drinks for two under $100. All within a mile of my house--sweet!
Deelish. pork chop outstanding. brisket so good. sturgeon just ok. staff really nice. crowd there to have fun. I say go.
I have now been to Nopa twice now and I must say it has been a wonderful experience both times. The service is top notch. Everyone is extremely friendly; and when I say everyone, I mean everyone. We must have been served by at least four different people. Even before they brought us the appetizers, they offered us a free dish of something they were experimenting with: apple slices with pine nuts, sea salt, and other additives. All of their appetizers are amazing. I have had two entrees thus far: the roasted chicken and the country pork chop (by the way, this place may be a little on the pricey side, however they do not skimp on the portions on bit; I couldn't finish the chicken and the pork chop was the biggest I have ever eaten). They were both so tender and so delicious. Then comes the dessert, where we got the gelato. It comes with a scoop of pear, strawberry, and quince, as well as two ginger snaps. Some of the best gelato I have ever had, and I have been to Italy. The best part about this place is that it is a one minute walk from my apartment. So I will definitely be back.
the Pork chops.....D-E-L-I-C-I-O-U-S.
Only time I've ever enjoyed a pork chop in a restaurant.
Folks, I've had two great experiences here. It helps that I knew about the whole reservation dealio ahead of time. Didn't bother trying--met up with some friends, put our names down, went down the street the the Madrone Lounge to relax and have a few drinks. Second trip was even better, same Madrone Loung strategy, turned out to be a wonderfully intimate dinner and the menu, having been largely changed since the last visit, was even better.Big hits:- little fried fish appetizer (but not on the menu for the 2nd visit)- salmon carpaccio (ohmygawdyummy)- goat cheese appetizer (loved it both times)- london broil (not on the menu the 2nd visit)- pork chops (solid, good, will have again)- the wine selection. Different, interesting, lots of good options. Server steered us towards an alternate selection at the same price range and it was great.
This place was very noisy and very crowded. The food was, by and large, very good.The Good:The warm goat cheese and beet salad. The cheese was fantastic and it was free since we had to wait so long for our table.The Pork ChopThe FriesThe home made ice creams and creme bruleeThe Bad:We were seated 25 minutes after our reservation time (they were waiting for our table to get up.)The roast chicken, which smelled and looked good, was dry. Had it been properly prepared the flavor would have been good.The Almond Butter cake was tasty but dry.Drinks weren't filled regularlyNo water was offered (or asked for to be fair...)Bread was on request (it's SF - it should be automatic)All in all this place is very good, but not great. The food is very good, but not great. The service is good, but not great. It's not expensive in the grand scheme of things, but given a choice, I would go to Bistro Aix over NOPA any day.
Formerly a bank, NOPA's interior has been completely re-styled with modern surfaces, high, exposed truss ceilings, stunning windows and an exhibition kitchen with a rotisserie and a wood-fired oven front and center. The vault remains, though. It is now their wine cellar.There were six of us, so we were able to sample a good portion of the menu. We started with salmon carpaccio, wood-baked runner beans and the very tasty little fried fish (above). All are recommended.For entrees we ordered the London broil (great mashed potatoes), the rotisserie chicken (they brine it first and it is amazingly juicy), the Mediterranean fish stew (wonderful flavors), and a pan-seared halibut that had superb texture and was accompanied by the most delicious corn and tomatoes. As good as each of those was, the star was the large double-cut pork chop. It was cooked perfectly and it was plated with incredible grilled peaches.Service at NOPA is efficient, prices are quite reasonable (entrees are in the high teens) and the wine list has unusual offerings at very low markups. We selected the Lpez de Heredia 1998 Tondonia Rioja Riserva: $55 at NOPA, $39 at K&L. It was gentle and medium bodied with no rough edges, exemplifying the traditional style of Rioja Alta produced with organic techniques and bottled unfiltered.NOPA has received strong reviews from Michael Bauer and yelp readers, and after dinner my companions and I concur. NOPA is casual, fun and tasty. One important tip for your visit: NOPA does not take advance reservations, but you can call for a table same-day starting at 2pm. Call at 2pm and keep dialing until you get through.
After living in "NOPA" for seven years (this is back when we still called it the Western Addition) I finally move out and what happens? Great bars and restaurants start opening up all along the Divisadero corridor - I wont take it personally. The shiniest of these new stars has to be NOPA. We had dinner with some friends there last weekend - which after being annoyed about having to call about 3 dozen times to get a reservationists on the phone - that minor inconvenience was quickly over shadowed by their excellent services, great atmosphere, and inspired menu. We had planned on going out after dinner but we ended up bagging the idea and camped out at our table at NOPA for the entire night instead...super yummy - little perplex by the radish, butter and salt amuse-bouche - but what the hell do I know anyways...I just know I loved it.Has anyone else that has been there notice an odd steam/foggy that comes up out of the bathroom sink? Perhaps I just had too much wine ;)
I don't know who started the hype machine for this place, but they are definitely giving the anti Bush and global warming freaks in this city a run for their money. It seems like everyone was talking about this place a few months ago so naturally I had to check it out for myself. The high point of this place is that they have a 4 star menu and serve up until 1am. The low point is that the food is only 3 star quality.Its probably one of the best places in the city that serve after midnight, but otherwise just mediocre. The food isn't bad, but it didn't live up to the hype at all.
4.75 starsI just realized I'd never written a review for NOPA. Shame on me! I've been here twice. The food has been fantastic both times. Most recently, we started out with the red wine stewed calamari over warm bread. Nothing like what I expected but soooo good. For an entree, I had the baked pasta with braised lamb and feta cheese. Warm tasty delicious comforting food! It's got a littl ecrunch to it - they add bread crumbs. I was so impressed.The best part had to be dessert - sticky toffee pudding cake (like bread pudding) with whipped cream. It was covered in a toffee-honey sauce.  It was incredible! The service was great except for one point where our entrees seemed slightly M.I.A., but I sinquired with our waiter and he got them to us in no time after that.I'm looking forward to returning again soon.
Great food spot if you are with someone or in a group. They are VERY inconsiderate towards the single/business traveler. They will tell you we might be able to accomodate a single after 10:30PM or just try the community table. Being a fan of the community table, I decided to go for it. Having experienced the community table atomsphere in several other cities I was excited but found the crowd that night to be less than delighful. I ended up standing while eating and not ONE group/person at the table was engaging. There was a hair in my appetizer too. (They graciously served another one and took it off my bill but...) The only bright spot was the server actually apologized for all the rude people and was genuine in his apology. So, I would recommend going but NOT by yourself.
Went to Nopa last night on the strength of reviews on Yelp. It was great!  My honey and I sat at the bar, which I highly recommend. We talked to so many different people, and plus you get to watch the kitchen and bartenders work a bit. We had the wood fired sardines with aioli and frisee. Two perfect filets of sardine goodness -- not overly salty at all. Maybe a touch too much aioli plopped down on top of them, but otherwise a nice little starter. We also had the grass fed burger with gruyere.  Just your standard burger, nothing fancy, but the bun was so delicious and crunchy. I think they make them there.Oh, but the fries! Thick cut, and so hot and crisp. That red pepper and feta dipping sauce is so simple, but is really a stunner.Most impressed with the bar. The bartenders are so professional and very knowledgable. I never felt like anyone was annoyed with questions about different drinks or when I professed my lack of knowledge about a certain ingredient. We had Foret Organic Saison Ale with our burgers and it was exactly how they described it -- light and crisp, with hints of coriander. We also had Scotch for dessert and they let us try one out.Beautiful space too.
As far as food, it's decent. We tried the flatbread with sausage that everyone raves about and it was OK. I must say, the goat cheese was DELICIOUS! We ordered the pork chop, herbed chicken, and the alaskan cod. The best was the pork chop- it was very tender. The alaskan cod seemed a bit mushy but the sauce was delicious. The herbed chicken didn't seem that special to me- it tasted like a rotisserie chicken from costco. As far as service, it's very crowded so they are very very busy. We had a reservation but did not seat us until 15 minutes after we arrived. Then the server Michelle was very blah. She wasn't very nice or friendly. She never smiled and didn't stop by very much to check on us.
My chorus buddy and I had finished rehearsal and had some important things to dicuss - plus a need for some great drinks. The magic of NOPA presents itself... one of the only places near me still open after rehearsal. AND it's not just pizza or junk food.The waitress was charming and funny and friendly. She brought us a tasty appetizer too but honestly I don't think I can spell tzezeke or whatever... but it was perfect.I had a delicious seafood stew - usually a sketchy choice. But the fish was buttery and not just covered up by the warm spiciness of the dish.I also had two tasty drinks. The Old Cuban was my favorite. Yum. They don't have a full bar so you can't get anything you want.The first time I tried to go here was a weekend and there was over a 2 hour wait. So I learned to go late on a weekday!
Nice atmosphere to have a glass of wine or appetizers- a great change of venue from your neighborhood dive if you just want a drink. Crowd is tame, servers are nice, and good people-watching. I give it 4-stars and since I'm tipsy, I'm not even gonna take away a star for the condescending way one of the bartenders talked to the patron. Lighten up, it's just wine. I love me some wine though!!!! :)Do make reservations because the wait can be long.
Hey this place is only a few blocks away from our place, so I took my boyfriend and I here last week for dinner at about 6 or 7--it wasn't busy then, but it was when we left. I really enjoyed the decor and the open space of the dining area. We asked to sit upstairs and were obliged. It was nice to be able to drink, eat, and just sit back and observe the bar and cooking area from above.I had the Elderflower Gimlet--which was awesome (but on the very limey side, just to say). Unfortunately, my sweetie didn't like his drink, so our waiter, Jeff, recommended another. Even then he didn't like it so much, so I just switched my drink with his.We split a few smaller dishes and sides instead of getting one or two large plates. I'm glad we did that because he wasn't too familar with some of the items, so I choose to pick out some things I though he'd like. We got the wood baked giant beans with feta--SO TASTY, creamy mashed potatoes (excellent--very airy), vegetable tagine (meh... I didn't realize there was eggplant in it, I think... I hate eggplant), and the flatbread with bacon, gruyere, and greens (very good, and a large serving, also).I'd recommend it if you are familar with or like New American food, but not necessarily if you don't like to try new food. My sweetie was slightly off-put by not knowing what was what and such, but overall, it was a good dining experience.
OMG! The food was fantastic. My partner and I started with drinks, and the waitress was very knowledgeable about what to order, thank god. I had this rum, drink that was out of this world. Then came the order of warm olives. Delicious. Next came our order of flat bread. I had heard about this, but man, it was so good.For our entree, I ordered the amazing, delicious, lick your plate clean, pork chop. Wow! Unfortunately, my partner ordered the fish stew and didn't like it so much, it was a bit too tomatoey based, and a little bland.Now for the bad. You can't have a conversation, you basically end up screaming at each other to hear anything. But for being in my neighborhood, the service being kick ass, and the food (at least the appetizers and my entree) was delicious, I give it four stars!
Oh yeah, absolutely a must visit restaurant. Parking's a pain, but worth it :) Don't have reservations? Wait at the bar! ~Worth it~!
Just a WARNING:The 4 bar stools at the far end of the bar, facing into the kitchen, ARE NOT CONSIDERED BAR SEATING. They are part of the reserved table seating.I was visiting from Chicago and had been looking forward to eating here. I arrived at around 8 on a Friday night. The hostess said that there was an hour wait and I'd probably be able to eat sooner if I waited for a seat at the bar or the community table. I scanned the busy table and bar area and settled in behind 2 couples who were just finishing their main courses. While waiting, one of the owners was nice enough to serve me an excellent cocktail. Also, as I was near the kitchen I was able to watch the parade of amazing looking dishes that the heavily tattooed waitstaff carried past. I was really looking forward to my dinner...literally salivating.When the couple in front of me finally finished dessert and coffee and paid-up, I had been hovering behind them for just over an hour. As I moved in and set my drink down on the bar, a hostess proceeded to scold me and declare that these were reserved seats and that there were other diners who had been waiting a long time for them. I was stunned and embarrassed. At that point, there was no way I'd have time to line-up behind another bar seat and wait, or to put in for a reserved table. I needed to be working in another 45 minutes. I suppose there's that Popeye's across the street.Everything looked amazing. I know I would have enjoyed my meal. But I was obviously very disappointed that the hostess didn't explain that these 4 bar stool seats were not considered bar seats. It is not obvious.
Delicious. Simple menu. They get it right every time. Don't order the foccacia pizza thing. It fills you up. I love the cookies and milk, burger, and a nice cocktail. Sit upstairs so you can enjoy the view - best seat in the house overlooks the open air kitchen!
My score of 4 is really an average. The food, which is decent enough, but not particularly exciting or memorable, gets a 3. But the drinks at the bar get a 5.Any establishment that uses brandied instead of maraschino cherries in their manhattans gets high marks in my book. The only fault with the drinks are the small glass sizes, which encourage rapid consumption and reordering. Actually, each of the three times I've been to NOPA I ended up doing something utterly regrettable later that evening. I think the combination of the bliss from being served so late, and the almost faultless drinks are more than my poor head can cope with. Bonus points.Postscript: Clientele is varied and friendly. Service has been accommodating. My companion ordered the anchovies and god knows what he was expecting, but he was horrified at the reality of the dish. Our server (bartender actually) took it right back, uncharged, even though my friend was the one who should have known better.
It was amazing! I had the best experience I have had in a long time. The textures were incredible! I hope I get a chance to come back sometime soon. The food was beyond amazing. I send many complements to the chef. I highly recommend other people to eat here it is one of SF jewels!
i absolutely LOVE this restaurant:-shabby/chic-delicious food-fun atmosphere/crowd-awesome wait stafftheir porkchop is to DIE for, i always love coming hear and having a full course meal and spending $35-40 dollars for it because it's totally worth it. I also love their broccoli side dish, their tea, and their desserts (pot de creme!)LOVE LOVE LOVE this place. This may be my first 5-star restaurant on Yelp that i've experienced.-but very BUSY crowds...so beware or make reservations EARLYYY
Food was good, but my wife & I thought it was grossly overpriced for what you get. We realize you have to pay the lease on the beautiful space, but we didn't sign the contract so why do we have to pay for it? Server was nice enough, interesting cocktail list, but for the price I'd expect a bit more bang for the buck as far as atmosphere, taste & portions.
NOPA stands for Northern Panhandle.But in my book, NOPA stands for NO Prior Assessment of what the heck you're ordering!Other people in our party just called it NOPE, actually.Given that they had all of five entrees, somehow we ended up surprised with what we were served.The menu is voluminous with respect to alcohol, however, which I *like*.... and I LIKE VERY MUCH...But since there were only 5 entrees on the menu the first week, you'd think we wouldn't have been blindsided about what we were eating. It is a spartan menu when it comes to descriptions, and the mishap was that the petrale sole arrived completely on the bone which frankly, freaked me and one of our dining partners completely. We were like "Uhh... What to do? What to do?"But that's okay, the overall atmosphere draws people in from the street... or rather, from across the street where I was lurking at Popeye's Chicken. It's the only space of its kind in this area on Divisadero... so I can only imagine that it will continue to do fabulously well as it was doing the night that we arrived.The bar is vast and really quite nice to dine at. But onto the food... the pizza was phenomenal. Impossibly thin and crisp with an adequately tart sauce. I would definitely go back to eat at the bar and have the pizza!Calamari appetizer was more radicchio than calamari. Baking the calamari also made the texture less than desirable. Note: Until further notice, don't bother with the calamari appetizer.I was torn between a burger and the petrale sole, and in an attempt to be "healthy" i went with the sole.  Send it back? No we can't possibly... but I do wish sometimes that I had gone for the burger! As for our little misunderstanding, this appears to be a common style of serving fish recently... since I was faced wtih the same problem at Jack Falstaff last week where they were serving a Dorade sans head. Literally, that was how the server described it. At least we were given advance warning on the menu that it was a whole fish. Unfortunately Nopa's menu is just brief at the moment, so next time I'll know to ask if the fish is simply beheaded or filleted!
The food was, ehThe space was, eh...like being in an ovenThe service was, eh eh...the waitress was very rudeNot cost justified at all.
What a delicious brunch we had at Nopa! I was sad to be a little under the weather, and thus not wanting to order a cool cocktail, but I did enjoy my grapefruit-cardamom non-alcoholic spritzer. We started with grilled bread and butter and yuzu marmelade - honestly, I am still dreaming about this seemingly unassuming item. The slight smoke from the grill, the richness of the butter, and the tang of the citrusy yuzu all worked together perfectly. I ordered the sausage with poached eggs and sauteed kale, and it was hearty and fabulous, and the eggs were perfectly cooked (MUCH appreciated, as I am a poached egg fanatic). The roasted potatoes with garlic confit were totally decadent. The only MINOR quibble I had was that the french toast was a little underdone for my taste - but that is a personal preference, and everyone else at the table LOVED it. The space is lovely, the service was good, and I felt that the prices were fair for the quality we received. We will definitely return on our next trip to San Francisco!
Keith took me here for my birthday. The service was so great. It was such a cool mix of unpretentious yet knowledgeable and attentive service. I felt like all the servers reminded me of my friends. You know the way that you feel when a foodie friend invites you over for a dinner party and they tell you the backstory on the wine they're serving or the ingredients in the food - knowledgeable yet cool and friendly and comfortable. The food was very good. Sold 4plus stars, however, I kinda had high expectations so it didn't quite live up to what I had hoped for. The starters were great but we had a pork main course that just was not my thing. Too bad because the only reason we ordered it was because everyone from the host to the waitress to other diners kept raving about it. Apart from that it was a stellar evening and I was so tickled that they had printed Happy Birthday Kelly on the menu and that the host and the waitress and everyone made it a point to wish me a happy birthday. For the service alone I will be back.
I finally got in here at about midnight after seeing a show.The food was pretty good, but I really only had a snack :)I will write a better review after I actually have dinner here.
Really I'd give it 3.5 stars, but it seems that I must stick to 3. The menu is actually 4 stars, but this place is always packed, noisy, cramped, and it takes a while for the servers to get to you. So the curse of good food is that people flock to the location. The halibut I had there was among the top five halibut dishes I've ever had. Their menu is creative, fresh, and well executed. You will however, have to shout at one another in order to have a conversation.
this is prob my fourth time here. always enjoyable. always crowded. i'd say it's worth the wait. this past time was a sunday nite. ~45 min wait which wasn't bad because i wasn't too hungry and the bartender was very nice.. had a couple of blue bottle martinis (which apparently chaya has starbucks version of and whose bartender insinuated that nopa "borrowed" the recipe from chaya- they're both good is my verdict)split: the grass fed burger (added gruyere) and fries //burger was tasty, enjoyed the super crisp fries and i liked the brioche bun... country porkchop, sweet potatoes, brussel sprouts and mustard seed vianagrette..//the vinagrette was a little strong for me, but maybe bc i don't typically like mustard, the porkchop was tender though//service was great as usual. love that they have stranahan's colorado whiskey (2 types of it!)
the wait was SO long, parking was a bit difficult but food, presentation, and drinks were awesome!!! Quite noisy. The owner/manager was very proactive with making the experience a positive one. the communal table was a nice touch for those who were into that.
If only we could give half stars! Nopa deserves an additional 1/2 a star just for serving great food till late at night. Thanks Nopa!!! As you can tell my friend and I were just looking for good food at 10pm because that's how we roll. On a late night bay area guide nopa came up and I dutifully checked out the reviews on yelp.... don't you hate when you go somewhere and don't order what they're known for... I hate when that happens. So as recommended We shared the flat bread, for entrees I ordered the Porkchop (singular and served med/rare... isn't pork known for parasites?) and my friend ordered the Moroccan Veggie thing (not its real name) Being very content with ourselves we were surprised when a guy dropped off a small dish with teeny tiny crustinis (the sized of 1/2 a cracker)... we were nervous that it was the "flatbread" and it was going to be a big joke on us... but luckily it was just to wet our appetites whew!The flatbread was good: sweet(corn) salty (sausage) and bitter (arugula). All in all good but I wouldn't have made a special trip here just for it... I think keep the expectation low and you'll enjoy it. If something on the menu catches your eye have it... I'm just say'n. The pork chop although singular and served a bit more pink than I'm comfortable with was a biggie! Me likey biggie!!! It was so flavorful, thick and juicy! Just YUMMY. Did it come w/ a side...? I can't remember but I do remember that I cleaned my plate! My friend (Giselle since I know you're all wondering) who ordered the baked veggie dish... that I of course tasted... was really good (since I'm not too familiar with Moroccan food I hope I don't insult anyone when i say that) it had many similar tastes to Indian food. Really tasty good for the vegetarians among us. We made the mistake of ordering fries (before any of our food arrived) because we were starving... and they were good (not oily!) ... but made it so that there was no room for dessert... and the desserts sounded gooooood... we'll just have to make our way back for a redo!A recap: Good, close to great, A definite come try especially if its late.
I have mixed feelings about this place. Service was excellent. They were friendly, attentive, and respectful of my space. Food was another thing. I took my friend here after hearing about it from Check Please Bay Area. I ordered the pork chops. It was huge, but probably 80% of it was fat and uncooked. It was served in a huge plate with 2 pieces of vegetables. Their bread pudding though, I've gotta say, was the best bread pudding I've ever had. Everything else was just okay for me otherwise.
Two words: high ceiling! Yes, you heard it right: a high ceiling!Two more words: hot chefs! It is true, it is a bit of an industry crowd gathering place, but let's talk about drinks: damn good. Three words: Blue Bottle martinis! And I don't even like sweet drinks. Now, food:Two words: small fish. Of course, where I come from, they serve this stuff in newspaper, but it is still damn good at NoPa. The food is very decent, but the fourth star is really for the magnicifent space. If you want to feel like you actually live in a big city, 'tis the place to go. Have fun. P.S. I saw Rodrigo y Gabriela dining there after their show at the Independent. That was cool.
I'm going to make it short and sweet: This place hits a serious soft spot for me. Great food, great service, great drinks. The goat cheese appetizer with cherry tomatoes is fantastic (I think they've since swapped the cherry tomatoes for braised beets), and I would definitely recommend the flat bread. They season everything perfectly, and always balance the flavors and textures nicely. It's a great place, albeit a bit too loud. The food draws a rather large crowd, and with loud crowds come loud voices. Regardless, you will thoroughly enjoy your time here. YUM!
Phenomenal food, great service, awesome cocktails, lovely space. What more is there to say? Only bad thing is that ieveryone loves it so it is hard to get a reservation.
Everything I thought it would be and then some...food coma.
i finally went to nopa!! (does a little bootie shake dance) and ooooh it was gooooood.great space, super high ceilings, LOUD, the place was packed on a wednesday night around 730....totally packed.had a super friendly server - wasn't in our way at all but was extremely helpful and the sommelier was awesome as well! split the white bean (gigantes) appetizer....yummers.....apparently the chef here used to work at kokkari - hence the greek-inspired gigantes dish which was excellent.we also got a little taste of the cheese/asparagus spread -- i wasn't too impressed and thought that it was under seasoned. salt please!I had the pork chop --- i dont know what it is but ever since the porkchop i had in napa last fall, i've really been into them. yum. it was perfectly cooked, tender, juicy, mustardy and fabulous. I also had some bites of the UNREAL lamb lasagna. the pasta. oh the perfectly cooked, thin but thick enough, not gooey but a little chewy pasta sheets....just great. no sauce, which i would have preferred but man was it good.i'm a sucker for dessert and ordered one of my all time faves - a pot de creme. AAAAHHHH i am dying inside i want it NOW. bits of orange peel are flecked throughout the super gooeytastic pot de creme (i just typed "dreme" instead of creme and contemplated leaving it, for obv reasons) and topped with fresh whipped cream.
I had my parents & grandparents coming in to town & was going crazy trying to think of where to go. You see, my parents are Mr. & Mrs. Steak & Potatoes, "no weird spicy food", they say! NOPA turned out to be the perfect place for everyone!Our waitress was fabulous & displayed the patience of a saint as my family rubbernecked & asked what everyone in the restaurant was eating. There wasn't much for my non-meat eating self, but the Tagine I had was wonderful. The family also consumed Rotisserie Chicken, London Broil, & the Sturgeon, there wasn't a complaint in the house! The french fries are the PERFECT amount of crispy as well.Take your picky, under-cultured, bridge & tunnel family here, they'll love it!
I feel great potential for NOPA, which I feared was going to disappoint me because of my high expecations. I went last night with a group of girlfriends who, like me, love to pig out. We were sat upstairs, right above the kitchen which was great because we were somewhat sheltered from the noise and crowd downstairs and had a view of the inner-workings of the kitchen. Loved our server- down to earth, attentive, and helpful was he. We shared everything and ended up with:1) flat bread with bacon, brocoli di cecco, garlic & parmesan- yum! The portion was very generous, so we all got two pieces of flatbread that was super thin and crispy and smothered in the aforementioned toppings. 2) polenta with bolognese- also very good. Highly recommended3) salmon carpaccio- I love salmon carpaccio and this didn't disappoint, but I also felt that it was so delicate that it got lost amidst the other appetizers that we were eating. So maybe order it first and alone to truly appreciate it. 4) pork chop- seemed over-brined and slightly mushy to me5) halibut- overcooked. We should have sent it back.6) vegetable tagine- very flavorful, but the portion seemed skimpy to me considering it was a main course. 7) brownie with cherry ice cream- okay8) apricot torte with honey ice cream- okay9) donut holes with caramel rum sauce- really good, and I hate donuts. Overall, I loved the space and the energy of this place and I would go back to try it again, but for the price and style of food, I would probably go to Range first as it's a sure thing and NOPA has a few kinks to work out. I'm optimistic though...UPDATE: Went back to nopa last night. Still not really impressed. A few dishes stood out- the olive oil poached albacore tuna salad and flatbread were delicious. Drinks were yummy, especially the amarita- a tequila, grapefruit bitters and aperol treat. Service is fine, too- but really, this place overflows with mediocrity- not to be negative, I mean mediocre in the most neutral way. It's a great neighborhood restaurant but since it's not my neighborhood, I'm in no hurry to return.
The best pork chop maybe anywhere. The rabbit was very, very good. Service is excellent. The hostess is a little smug. Overall, it's a great time.
Despite having my foot stomped on by a waiter -- I'm still giving NOPA 5 stars. (He comped an appetizer to assuage the pain)I went to dinner with my friends and we had such a FUN time -- something I haven't experience dining out in a while. I was impressed far beyond my expectations (maybe it's because the photos on the website are kind of sedate and the menu descriptions are a bit concise and not lively). However, the food was inventive, the flavors were amazing, and you could tell that NOPA is extremely proud of the inventive dishes they're putting together.  The polenta was totall underwhelming -- but everything else was so phenom that it made up for it (asparagus, flatbread with butternut squash, rotisserie chicken, icebox lemon cake).Our waitress -- brown hair, tattoos, didn't catch her name -- was A-MAZ-ING. We were swooning like schoolgirls as we talked about how spot-on her recommendations were and how much she totally improved our dining experience.
When to Nopa friday night and it was packed, I was afraid that we wouldnt get at table and asked the host how long the wait was, She said it would be 45 mins and we headed over to the bar for a drink. Just as we were about to order our drinks she runs over and tells us that someone had cancelled and the table was ready for us...SCORE!!!! We ordered the flat beard which was great, charzio which was pretty good and the little fried fish for appz. For our entrees, we had the pork chop, which was perfectly cook and seasoned and the roast chicken, which was moist and delicious. To finish up the meal , we had the chococlate brownie with ice crean , fruit tart and something similiar to beignets. It was a great meal and i will be back.
new years eve. people with silver hats. people are drunk. I am too, which explains why i start spilling water all over the place. We sat on the second floor by the railing....prime people watching spot and great view of the kitchen and rotating roasted chickens. Definitely a charming atmosphere and an eclectic mix of people. Including nice people who offer to take a picture for you. Thank you strangers.Food babble: The burger with gruyere, cooked medium, was the most amazing thing ever! I am in love and that fluffy bun...so delightful! Fries? yes please! Notes on the cod: it was delicious. the marriage of flavors was subtle and perfect. I am happy. the cocktails also made me happy. manhattan=old school greatness. panhandle=herby, not sweet (yes!), tasty.OKAY, you must order the bread pudding with cinnamon ice cream! i had it and almost died. my drunk self was extremely satisfied. I couldn't sit in my seat anymore, so happy to be fed and full and champagne on the house to toast the new year! I would say it's a good start.
NOPA is amazing! I can't believe I've passed by it so many times without ever going in! I went here for my friends birthday dinner and had an amazing time. The food was SO GOOD! I'd have to say the goat cheese was the highlight of my meal, although I had the pork chops and they were just as good! I loved the atmosphere of the restaurant, although one downside is that the waitress wasn't that helpful or quick. I'd love to come back and sit downstairs where the atmosphere looked a lot more lively.
Holy cow...over 500 yelp reviews?! wow...Any-who, I love to sit at the bar and thats what I did last night. The bartender, Kitty, is fantastic. Very fun, good gabber and made some great suggestions for drinks and food. Had their Vodka gimlet....yum.Calamari dish was great but honestly you really didn't taste the calamari? Salmon carpaccio dish had good flavor but the fish was a little mushy. Our least favorite, the warm goat cheese. I thought for sure I would love it but it was bland. Guess I am more of a fan of the bar and the drinks huh?
Yay! I am definitely a fan! A friend introduced me to Nopa when I asked for a surprise. The venue is very chill and relaxed. Once you walk in, you can tell right away that everyone is enjoying their meal and having a good laugh. My friend and I ordered the rotisserie chicken and pork chop. I was literally blown away by the pork chop. When I think of pork chop, I think of an over cooked, dry, awful texture in my mind that only an extra gulp of liquid can rinse down my throat. But Nopa's pork chop is nothing near DRY or awful! However, I do wonder if it is 100% cooked because my pork chop came slightly pink on the inside. Anyway, the pork chop is delicious, flavorful, savory and JUICY. I would also like to comment on the waiter that was serving my table. He was so fun and awesome! I wished I remembered his name.
Second dinner at NOPA and it really didn't wow me like the first time. Great drink menu though, the rum ginger beer lime combo worked. Flavors were flat, the lamb riblets were off the menu....still the green salad with a cheese I can't remember was great but the poached tuna looked a bit like cat food and was thrown across the dish and the giant beans just didn't have much flavor under a dried out pesto. Side of brocoli was out of the steamer dull and Mitchell's pasta with rabbit was odd. And just one question when did sideburns come back with such a vengence, haven't seen that look since the Allman Brothers. It seems to be everywhere.
Let's not get carried away with 5 stars people. Nopa is a Great date place, she loved it. Eric our waiter, excellent. HOWEVER, although the duck breast (sliced) could not have been better, the Hangar steak actually sucked - it arrived almost cool and quickly became cold, was underdone and tough as hell. We shared, but left over half the steak entree, electing not to complain but instead ordered dessert which, I admit, rocked. On the positive side, they manage their reservationless system well, made us feel comfortable and got us seated quickly. Also, great drinks, fun atmosphere and better than the food, the service. Well done, but based on one bad entree and merciless pricing, I give it 3 stars.
Since moving to NOPA two months ago I have dined here twice - and I'm very grateful for that. NOPA has the perfect ambiance, with elegant lighting and wonderful decor that makes the food taste that much better. I couldn't be happier to live right down the street, it's great to have the perfect date spot in my backyard.For my first, highly-anticipated visit to NOPA we called two weeks in advance to secure a reservation. Even still the only times they had available were 6:15 and 9:30, so I recommend booking early. The wine list is excellent and the food was delicious. I won't go into recommending specific dishes as I don't think you could really go wrong with anything they've got. I did knock them by one star because the menu is a little limited and hasn't changed much the past two times I've gone.
Well, what can I say except that NOPA is another new San Francisco restaurant with a small, limited menu and large wine list as Lulu P. pointed out in a prior review. Overall, the food was decent, but not mindblowing as other people have been raving about. If I were to compare it to another restaurant in terms of both atmosphere and food, I would say it was a more hip Town Hall. My lady and I started with the potato wedges which were bountiful and came with a semi-bland redish aoli and then moved on to a green salad with an "almost" too sweet honey dressing. We then were served the Salmon Carpaccio topped with some arugula which was REALLY good and then hit up the halibut over a corn something or other and the seafood stew. Again, nothing mind blowing, but far from bad. All in all, I may wait a couple of months before I go back. Food was all organic which is a plus, server was busy and it took a long time to get through dinner, but what the heck, the restaurant is still buzzing and I sat at the communal table. Definitely a top restaurant in the neigborhood, but don't bother making a jaunt into the city for NOPA alone . . . .make sure someone good is at the Independent and head there after dinnner to make the whole evening worthwhile.
A very impressive restaurant. High ceiling with big long windows allowing the sun stream through. I was really impressed with the restrooms. They say if a restaurant has clean bathroom = Clean kitchens= clean food!______For Starters: flat-bread with bell peppers & lamb sausages & corn. topped with Italian parsley **** It was BEYOND delicious!!! Main course: I had the Rotisserie Chicken, Herbs and Mixed green beans covered in some yogurt sauce.My date had the pork chops with figs and greens **** Juicy and Packed with lots of flavor.What i was even more impressed was with the smooth service. They all had such a good flow and the waiters were proactive rather than reactive. I sometimes get annoyed when your server asks you way too many questions about "hows the food" "more water" yap yap yap. I enjoyed a great dinner with my bf.Then we walked over to the Independent for a concert. It was a perfect night!
Well, honestly...I'm holding out to do a full review until i'm taken out for dinner here. In the meantime, I absolutely loved sitting at the long bar table, drinking, snacking, and people watching on Divis. We chatted it up with one of my favorite local artists (and NOPA muralist, Brain Barneclo). Being in the presence of artistic brilliance + fizzy rasberry liquor drinks & french fries is almost an ideal night.
One word for this restaurant: Delicious.This establishment has a friendly, inviting, somewhat industrial feeling atmosphere with it's open kitchen; and it's always nice to see your food being prepared. Very easy to socialize here, and they seem to accomodate large groups easily. I really liked the decor; the paintings on the wall were created by a local artist, I found out that night.Highly recommend for:Dinner- had the Rotisserie Herb Chicken, plentiful and juicy. Had to take the remainder home with me as it was too big to finish with the appetizer's we shared. I don't eat beef, however, 3 of the 5 of my party ordered the Grass Fed Hamburger, and they all said it was delicious. Would recommend off the 'umm's and aww's' from their mouths as they indulged in their meal.Appetizers- DEFINITELY order the French Fries and Red Pepper-Feta Dip. YUM!!! Can not speak highly enough of this if you are a fry connoisseur, such as I. The flatbread was surprisingly tatsy, as I didn't originally order it, but went back for seconds. Little Gems are cute small palm sized mini-salads so to speak. Crunchy with a nice creamy dressing. I snuck one off my eating companion's plate... would definitely order from the menu for myself the next time I go back.Dessert- Anything. It all was good. Can't go wrong with NOPA's desserts.Drinks were moderately priced for an established SF restaurant. The only downfall I see here has nothing to do with the actual restaurant itself. Parking was incredibly hard to find, as we drove around for a good 20 minutes. I would like to have given 4.5 stars, rather than 4. If it weren't for the parking issue, I would have given it 5 stars.Overall, highly recommend NOPA. And I will be back again.
It looks like I'm about three years behind some of my friends on visiting some of SF's nicer establishments. I'll chalk that up to being in DC for the past two and a half. Even on a Wednesday night, NOPA was packed. I think I got the trout. It was pretty good. Really most of the dinner was spent drinking some nice cab franc and catching up with great friends we hadn't seen in too long. We were seated at the end of the upper level, so that kept a lot of the crowd away from us, and surprisingly, we never had to flag down any of the waitstaff. I was surprised by the variation in dress style here though. Maybe I've spent too much time in DC, but at this restaurant, you'll see nice suits sitting next to v-neck tatted up hipsters, so don't worry about impressing the restaurant. Also, stay on your toes near the WC, it gets a little hectic with a narrow corridor and sharing space with the servers.
Are you kidding me with the 5 stars? I have never been so underwhelmed with a San Francisco restaurant. Everyone said: It's so New York! It's so London! It's so fun! So, I booked a table for six of my out of town friends and told them that San Francisco has the best food in America and NOPA is the best new restaurant in town. Never ever again shall I make this claim before actually eating in a restaurant. Because so many things went wrong, I'll write a numbered list:1. I was so excited about the dish towels as napkins when I saw them. I thought, how cute, how unique, how French. NO. How linty all over my black dress!!!!!!! And stuck in the boys' stubble. If you go here on a date (please don't) watch out for lint all over.2. My husbands halibut arrived 30 minutes (yes, exactly 30 minutes) after everybody else's main course. When we told the waitress about it (4 times) she said, "Oh, well, you ordered last" then, "Oh, it's coming any minute" then, "Oh, it's coming any minute" then, "Where's your halibut?" When we finally got it, it tasted like Lean Cuisine cooked in soap. 3. My "Little Fried Fish" were little fresh anchovies with head, tails and eyes still intact drowning in stale batter.4. If I were to close my eyes and take a bite of the lamb riblets, I would have thought someone served me road kill dipped in A1.5. I have no idea how someone can mess up a martini. Truly. I am terrible at making cocktails, but a martini is vodka in a glass. I asked for it straight up, so it wasn't even a vermouth issue. It tasted like dish water. Literally, water that someone did their dishes in. Not like vodka, not even like olives.6. When my HOT Chocolate came it was cold. No, not warm. Not lukewarm. Not room temperature. COLD. Like Cold Nesquik with whipped cream on top. When I told my waitress, she said, "Well, the whipped cream cools it down a bit." I said, "No, it's cold. Freezing cold. Just plain cold." She said, "Let me feel." Then took the mug as if she didn't believe me and put it on her face to gauge the temperature. Then returned with a warm mug of cocoa ten minutes later.7. When they realized the myriad of mistakes they made at our table, they brough us donut holes. Donut holes. Let me say that again, donut holes. That cost them about 15 cents. And we didn't have napkins to wipe up the honey from the donut holes. Which is probably best so I didn't get lint all over my black dress!!!!So, as I sit back and remember my visit to NOPA, it wasn't THAT bad. The waitress was actually very sweet and apologetic in the end, they comp'd the halibut and hot chocolate. The donut holes were cute, if not wholly (get it, holes) worthwhile. But, there are 400,000 better restaurants in SF. It is not so New York or so London. The music they have is that same compilation CD they play at Ambiance. It's loud, dark, tall and has no tuna tartare. Maybe that's why everyone is so excited about it.
Super great "Italian" food. Great but slow-paced service. Great local, fresh ingredients
Been here a few times and this place is consistent. Flat bread is great and so are the pork chops. Better make reservations though especially for groups of 4 or more
I am cynical. I tried so hard to hate on Nopa, but they really are doing an excellent job. I have had expansive (but not as expensive as one would think) meals here, and I've had a burger for $13 here. Whether you sit at a private table, or the communal table, service is excellent and the food is top notch and consistent. It's amazing to see a place turn out the kind of volume they do and retain such high quality. The wine list and cocktails are also awesome.
nopa = nopeFrankly, the food just didn't taste good to me.
Living one block away, my boyfriend and I figured it was time to visit NOPA, since it's been open about a year now. Pleasantly surprised. Looks super snooty, which it is a little, but the food and friendly service make up for it. Everything we ate was DELICIOUS. Great wine list. Do NOT leave without the warm donut dessert!!!
this is a respectable establishment, a good place for dinner if you could just walk in, which is hard to do except for the bar. it could almost be a destination for the evening but that would be an evening waiting for more.
This might be the boldest statement I've ever made on a review, but a medium-rare NOPA Grass-Fed Burger with gruyere cheese is the best in town. Must be ordered medium-rare to enjoy the full quality of the meat. Accompanied with Fries, Pickled Onions and a Genovese Basil Aioli.
Yesss!!! I finallyyyyyy got in!Talked amongst our friends numerous times. Prior attempts to get in: at least 2... but finally a small group of us decided to wait it out Fri. night and actually only had to wait an hour without a reservation!This was all fine since there was still room at the bar to chill and grab a drink (the dark and stormy is pretty much my new drink now.. Ginger beer and rum? yes please!)I esp. really enjoy the service of this place; the hostesses were incredibly nice as was one of our bartenders. I guess I'm a sucker for smiles though; it just really seemed like a positive atmosphere where they really enjoyed being there. And that to me, makes it a better a experience than your average restaurant.For starters, we had the flatbread and goat cheese. The flatbread was pretty average, sounds amazing with its ingredients but in the end it was nothing extraordinary. The goat cheese, however, is A-M-A-Z-I-N-G. Warm goat cheese with crostini- a concept so simple yet I believe is one of their best dishes. Highly recommended.For entrees we shared the lamb shank, hamburger, and baked pasta. It was all very very good. The pasta was interesting with its ingredients and the variety of consistencies threw me off a bit but I applaud them on the uniqueness of it.  The lamb shank was very tendor and easily sliced off with a knife. And the burger, grass-fed was delicious with the onions with a really well made red-pepper dip. For a meal for 3, throw another bottle of wine in there, and yes, we pretty much ate like kings.
This place didn't leave me with any reason to come back soon. I had the pork chop which was good, the flavor was definitely satisfying, however, maybe it's just a bit overpriced. all that to say, i loved the atmosphere. it was really nice for a group birthday dinner.
For what it is and what it is trying to be, I love it. I have been weekly since they opened, having been deprived of anything resembling a real restaurant in my neighborhood, this is the real deal. People that are serious about food and ingredient sourcing. Service that is almost always top notch. They are consistently raising the bar for themselves and getting better and better each week. Flat bread was weak until recently and then finally as if by some sort of magical divine intervention they got it right. Crispy and seasoned well, just as it should be. The burger features house ground Marin Sun Farms grass fed beef, and is served with wild foraged watercress and some nice pickled onions. The first few weeks they had this chicken soup with farro and dill that was perfect. Bring it back Laurence, bring it back. I love the usual items that seem to remain ever so slightly changed from week to week, and the newer seasonal changes are great options as well. I highly recommend sharing 3-4 starter items and one entree per 2 people. Almost Tapas style is the best way to get the most variety and bang for your buck. Desserts are fab too, and I liked the radish with sea salt and butter...but then I like food. Hey Nopa, thanks for bringing real restaurant cred to a neighborhood of cheap knock off wannabes. Blue Jay, Little Star....you know who you are. Why is it that just because people who know how to run a legitimate business show up in the neighborhood and attract all kinds of folks to see what the buzz is all about we then have to roll our eyes and proclaim the neighborhood gentrified? As a long, long, long time resident of this neighborhood I have seen it change right along with the rest of the city. This neighborhood deserves decently run businesses like NOPA.
BRUNCH!!!! Reservations recommended. French toast can be so blah but NOPA has figured it out. Holy french toast tastiness. Goat cheese bread pudding for breakfast, get out! Yum! Blue bottle french press and we've gone to heaven. Excellent service, amazing staff, delicious!
This place is wonderful. The place was packed at 5:55pm on a Saturday, good thing I had a reservation. We were seated promptly and given a menu. They have a large selection of cocktails and the interior of the restaurant was quite nicely decorated.  High beamed ceiling with a large open kitchen. We ordered the Hamburger and it was fantastic. The meat was perfectly cooked and the French Fries was crunchy and delicious. I just had to tried the Pork Chop after our neighbor ordered it. It was a bone in cut and it looked great. It also tasted very very good. It tasted like it was soaked in brine prior to grilling and had the taste of the almond wood used to grill it. Definitely recommend it and everything else about this place.
Another restaurant added to the illustrious birthday dinners exclusive club.Good vibes, nice staff, complimentary bites!Pork ChopChicken and Mashed PotatoesOur waitress was veeery excited about mashed potatoes, saying something about how they never do mashed potatoes so the whole staff was excited it was on the menu. She sold me on the chicken + mashed potatoes dish and man, she wasn't kidding. some of the best mashed potatoes of my life. The chicken was juicy and tasty as well. Looks like they stuffed all these herbs under the skin before roasting it.I feel you can judge a place by the way their chicken is cooked. All too often the dark meat is great but the white meat is dry dry dry. Not the case here at NOPA. Also the pork chop tasted like an amazing steak.Balcony seating was very nice and the bartenders even shake their cocktails with style.
yummmmmmyy
Just had dinner at NOPA based on so many glowing reviews from people that have been there. Certainly falls in as one of the really good restaurants in the city but not the upper tier and perhaps a little overated. That's not meant as slander as I enjoyed the place. It's just that there are so many really good restaurants in SF but only a few stand outs IMO.Cocktails were good, but above average in terms of price. Flatbread was the stand out of the night. French fries were good but nothing special. The Rotissiere chicken was good as was the steak. Skipped out on dessert, too full. :( I felt the service was excellent on the night that we went. Our waiter was very attentive and polite. A very professional environment. Bartender and another employee were very friendly. In addition, we had to send our steak back to the oven as it was a little undercooked but that was handled wonderfully by the staff.
I need to try this for a regular dinner, and then perhaps I will update my review. For now I will say this. Someone brought me a hamburger from this place and it practically made my heart flutter (like an in-love flutter, not a clogged artery flutter, just to be clear) It had so much flavor and substance and was perfectly seasoned and prepared.I have been here once before, and I love the big table near the bar - it would be perfect for a large group at brunch - also I thought the food was great, even if I could imagine from what variety I had that the flavors are somewhat limited. Luckily I like the flavors that fall within those limits. Good olives, carmelized onions, prosciutto, warm comfort food dishes...
We got dressed up for this place and while we fit in fine, it really is very casual. The place is very wide open and noisy, but not so much that you have to yell at each other. The Bar is long and it looks like a great place to sit and have a drink. The weird part is that they do not except reservations until after 2pm on the same day! So you need to call early and call often to get through.We had some of their specialty drinks and I recommend the Old Cuban or The Washout for $7. We started off with Warm Olives for $5, which I got two more serving out of latter in the weekend. Spicy Lamb Riblets for $8, which were tasty, but dangerous as we got a lot of bones in our mouths! The Baked Goat Cheese for $9 was fantastic, a must have! Wild Salmon Carpaccio for $9 was pretty good and the Little Gems salad for $8 was very tasty.For Entrees we got the London Broil for $19, which was average. The Fish Stew for $18 which was very good. However their signature dish for us, and what you have to gets the Pork Chop for $18. They cook it with Peaches, Olives and Mustard Seed Vinaigrette and it is so original, so large and so very tasty! Don't even think of getting anything else on your first visit.For dessert we got Doughnut Holes for $7 which were good. Sorbet for $7 which was also tasty. The dessert of choice however was the Chocolate Ice Cream, Hazelnut Toffee and Coffee Sauce. for $7.We had a couple of bottles of wine and the whole dinner with tip was a little over $300 for four people. I highly recommend this place!
So full, so good, will write more soon. (It tells you something about a restaurant if you're still in a food coma the next morning).The Something: Like Eric W, my bf and I experienced the same parking conundrum on Tuesday night. We must have circled around for 20 minutes looking for parking space and eventually managed to squeeze in a tight spot a few blocks away.We had a 8:30pm reservation and were a little late due to the aforementioned problems with parking. The hostess wasn't too friendly with us and waved us away, curtly telling us that we should "wait somewhere," almost as an after thought.So wait by the bar we did. I ordered the El Diablo (tequila, creme de casis, and i'm not sure) and my bf ordered the rum sidecar. Both were delicious! And got us sufficiently buzzed and whetted out appetites for what glorious delights ahead.First course: Paper-thin, airy slices of beef carpacio with fresh arugula and some kind of ranch-y sauce. (Would have preferred if they had gone a little lighter on the sauce but was still heavenly.) Second course: Baked creamy goodness of goat cheese with crispy crostini, a side of rainbow (well at least of roy of roygbv) beets. Yum and yummiers.   Main Meal: I had the lamb chops with roasted apples & cabbage. Fatty but delicious. It was good but not mind blowing sex good. My boyfriend's london broil, now, that THAT was mind blowingly orgasmic.  I couldn't keep my fork off his plate. It was like the great battle between Yoda and Palpatine.  Three bites of London Broil, I stole.  Delicious, they were. Steal again, I would. Yum.Dessert: Donut holes and rum caramel. T'was good, but I wish instead of caramel they served the holes with...chocolate. The caramel, though tasty, just didn't do it for it. I think dark gooey chocolate would have been a far superior compliment. Minus one star for the curt hostess and the waitress who didn't serve/offer us any water until the middle of our meal, when the boy & I had been doused on stiff drinks and our beaujolais (which also was not bought out until we were finished with our appetizers).
4.5 stars. juiciest pork chop i ever did have. it helped that i was buzzed, but regardless, the food was BOMBASS. i don't remember too much about the rest of the dinner, but the pork chop definitely stood out.
I been here a few times and I love it. Its a great place to grab a drink if you don't mind standing while you wait for a seat at the bar which is always packed. The cocktails are unique and well worth the price. An added bonus is the bartenders take a copy of your credit card so if you have a few too many theres no chance of leaving it behind. The food is amazing. The service is great. My only complaint is Nopa isnt on open table.
The food and service were excellent. The atmosphere is quite charming. Excited, fun, not too loud. Also, the menu isn't terribly pretentious: you can get a burger if you seek one, and the more sophisticated people at your table can get warm goat cheese crostini...Definitely check it out. and, yes, try the flatbread.
Overrated in my opinion. Food was great but not all that it's hyped up to be. The restaurant works in this neighborhood because it's one of the few nicer restaurants for the people around the area instead of having to commute somewhere else. So extra star for convenience.
Loved the basil thyme cocktail.Delicious bacon goat cheese flat bread.Roast chicken my friend had was dry, but the tomato salad that came with it looked really good.My burger was mmmmmmm delicious. The fries also were really good. Like thicker cut in-n-out fries...which is a good thing. I really liked thier mustard. It was like dim sum mustard.We were seated in the balcony which had a great people watching and kitchen views...but we both smelled like cooking afterwards.Really enjoyed the food and the space. Will definitely go back.We were called adorable by an older man leaving with his carrying case of wine. Strange descriptor since I only use it on puppies and stuffed animals.
This place is amazing!!! Get the pork chop and the bacon ice cream/cornbread dessert. You will not be sorry. Everything I've had from here is great. The bartenders are top notch... hopefully you get the big cheese bartender who is in charge and is affiliated with Bourbon & Branch (another favorite). He is the best :).
I'm a big fan! I want to come back here for the porkchops. It was so tender and juicy. Champagne recommendation was great and the corn ice cream was surprisngly delicious. Make reservations because this is a poppin' spot!
Come on, people! Give a place a chance! They've been open for, what, 3 months? And allready being lambasted on Yelp. Not nice. Even the dreaded Michael Bauer gives restaurants six months to get their stuff together before tearing them apart.I've been about four times now, and I must say it has improved each time. Where a few items were bland the first visit, things were markedly improoved over the weeks (yes, weeks!) that they've been open. I think that no restaurant should truly be judged until they've been open a year. YOU try opening a place that is as anticipated as this one has been (the first real California cuisine place in the Divisidero corridor), being slammed every night, and getting it all perfect from the start.  I'd love to see it. In the meantime, I will continue to support NoPa by giving them constructive criticism and recomend that my friends try them out...in about six months!UPDATE:OK, it's official, they are broken in now... and spectacular. That pork chop is my new god. Seriously. Eat the pork chop. You'll never go back. The only (and I mean, ONLY) thing I ever don't gush over at NOPA these days are the desserts, which are fine, but not as great as the savory dishes. Maybe I'm just in sensory overload by the time I reach dessert. Make sure you ask the server's advice on the wine list... the list is a little obscure, but in a good way, and they know what you should have, so just trust them. Give up a little control. You'll need it to keep from pulling a Meg Ryan when your pork chop arrives.
Finally a nice late-night dining choice in my neighborhood! On a Friday night, around 10 pm, Nopa was packed. We were directed to the bar where we ordered two, very well-made drinks. They have a number of specialty cocktails that looked fabulous as well. Despite the crowd it was only about 25 minutes before we were seated. The menu was very alcohol heavy, and looked to have some fabulous wine choices. Most of the food options are apps, so we ended up ordering a few of those and no entree (though they did sound good). The riblets sauce was delicious, but the meat was a bit fatty. The sardine dish was good, and my boyfriend ate some even though he normally thinks sardines are gross. The bread that came with the goat cheese dish was too crispy for me to eat comfortably, but the super melty goat cheese ended up making a great dipping sauce for our fries (which I loved). Is it my new favorite restaurant? No, definitely not. But as a later night drinking/food joint it is a great new option.
It was seriously one of the best desserts I've ever had...some malted milk, brownie, chocolate ice cream thing. Dang, it was good. I was a bit put off by the hostess, but the waitstaff completely made up for it. They were timely, attentive, yet not overly attentive. The atmosphere is a bit noisy, so you need to be in the mood to speak loudy. It was a fun place which hosted an amazing cross-section of San Francisco.
Menu was a little limited for my taste. The only red meat entree choice was 'grass fed hamburger' -- kind of disappointing. But the food was pretty good - nothing crazy. Both wines our server pointed us to were tasty! The ambiance was unpretentious/casual but hopping. I did find the cityscapes painted on the walls to be a little annoying... I don't feel compelled to go back any time soon.
I am only reviewing the grassfed burger. 5 STARS. Best burger I have ever ever had. Delicious! Oh, and the mural in the restaurant is really cool.
I had occasion to go to a similar but much "more established" restaurant in SF the night before going to NOPA. This unnamed restaurant is famous for its wood fired ovens and down to earth ingredients. NOPA's pork chop was much better. The bar was better, the service was good (not better), and the overall experience was fun. We had to wait at the bar for a few minutes, which meant, you guessed it, drinking some drinks. I had a beer, and my wife and her friend had some fluffy thing that took the poor bartender like 5 minutes to make. Whatever that drink was, it was very, very tasty. Overall, I can say that this place was great. The crowd was younger, and the bar was hopping considering it is in the middle of a restaurant. I'll be back.At no time during my visit did I have any desire to go to Popeye's. Not even to use the can.
So we've been boycotting this place ever since it opened a few years ago. I thought it was yuppy and snobby and didn't like the crowd it brought into our neighborhood.Boy was I missing out! We had a really fancy dinner here for my husband's graduation and it was excellent! We had six people and I kept being really obx and calling and changing my reservation at least 4 times and they were always gracious and very helpful.Yes, it is pricey but it felt very worth it for a splurge night out. We tried a bunch of the appetizers, had an excellent bottle of wine (picked by our super nice server) and I had the roast chicken which was great and I ate every bite. My husband had the pork chop and he loved it as well.It was funny, because I was worried about the yuppies but the place was full of hipsters. I guess it fits right into the neighborhood after all.I would definitely recommend it to a friend and I am planning on going again, but probably only for special occasions...also my sister brought her baby and I didn't know how it would go but no one seemed to mind. We also had our table for 2 hours and I never felt pressure to hurry up because they needed our table even though it was a very busy night. Overall a great time!
Second time around and I am ready to review! Pork chop was off the heezy. I mean, it really was amazing. The warm goat cheese, white bean, and spring salad appetizers were very tasty as well. Finish it off with the cherry cheesecake and be a happy camper. Oh and not to mention the hot guy in the kitchen was checking me out all night so I felt really cool and hip.
2/7/07 Update: Had to bumpt this down to 4 stars. Been back here 2-3 times since my review and I have to say I still like this place but the quality of food and service has gone down a bit. The waiters/bartenders have been a little less friendly and my food has been a little more hit and miss. My riblets last time came out kind of cold. Such a shame...not sure what happened??------------------Last night at NOPA was by far the best dining experience I've had at a San Francisco restaurant during the brief year and half I've lived in the city. I was able to call in for same day reservations and we were seated within 15 minutes of arriving at the restaurant.  During our short wait, we were approached by one of the bar waitstaff who talked very knowledgeably with our group about our wine selections (great wine selection by the way) and some of the NOPA specialty cocktails for a good five minutes (which is like an eternity at a bar), and he didn't make us feel rushed at any point. Our waitress was just as helpful and one of my party members was vegan and our waitress knew exactly which dishes were vegan friendly and overall she was just friendly and pleasant during our entire meal. Onto the food...excellent all the way around. The lamb riblets were savory and falling off the bone tender and they gave us a hearty portion for an appetizer (about 6 or 7). The wedge fries portion was huge and they were non-greasy and salted just right (we ordered two of these). The mixed green salad was good but pretty standard. The pork chop with peaches and a mustard vinaigrette was divine...full of flavor and oh-so-tender. The summer vegetable stew was really good (and vegan friendly), the mashed potatoes were heavenly (please get them, they're better than the mashed potatoes at Street Restaurant), and I was also told the london broil was tasty. We tried both the chocolate ice cream and warm doughnut holes with caramel sauce for dessert and they were both very good although I think the doughnut dough could have been a bit sweeter. I spent a lot of money last night but it was worth every dollar. The restaurant was packed but there wasn't any point in the night where I had to strain to hear my group's conversation.  Also, our appetizers and dinner came out promptly. Great ambience (loved the tall windows and high ceilings), great service, great food, plus they close at 1am...highly recommended.
Thank you for being the people you are
NOPA. You've got to love a restaurant that's open until 1 a.m. It's the law. You have to. A warm, inviting crew and cool space pretty much seals the deal. We usually walk right in and sit down at the bar for faster service and always find the bartenders attentive and down to earth. Don't know what you want to order in terms of cocktails? Just tell one of these guys what you have in mind, and they'll shake up something special. That's fabulous. The other night, we ordered the broccoli as an appetizer, and wow. It was simple and amazing: oven roasted and still crisp with olive oil, sea salt, cracked pepper and lemon. My friend had the chicken and raved about it. I had the pasta with pork ragu which was terrifically tender and yummy. Another bonus? One of the waiters always brings over a complimentary mini-appetizer as greeting and way to get those taste buds singing, which is a really nice touch indeed. Need a late night spot to grab dinner when every other place is closed? NOPA? YESA!
Comments made at the table from a dining companion included: "Is this all the food they have?, and, "Can I get a fork?" In utter seriousness. The tiny plate of tasty bits, delivered with a refrain of "this is a gift from the kitchen" or something like that made me feel special for 2.5 seconds until someone pointed out that, um, everyone gets those. Oh. So, like chips at a taqueria. Or bread sticks at olive garden. Got it. Super special. Thanks, yo.As for the napkins, I totally have those dish towels at home. Wow. Hella classy. Cute idea, but at least slightly amiss.Other reviewers have remarked with glee on NOPA as a signal of gentrification of the neighbhorhood (my neighbhorhood, I might add). While I agree on the gentrification part, I usually reserve a special tone of disdain for said phrase. As in totally not glee. Despite my kvetching good points include something about a good cocktail list and even bigger wine selection, both of which are fantastic for a drink after work. There's also that open late thing which is good stuff. Still, I need mo' betta' food to justify walking out slightly broke.
My roommate and I were *so* excited to see NOPA blossoming on the corner of hayes and divis these past few days but, sadly, our meal did not live up to our expectations. Was I the only one who was a little weirded out by the complementary radishes? The dishes are uninspired and I had the fattiest pork chop of my life last night.
yum!!! went to nopa tonight by myself. just wanted to sit at the bar and get a drink and an app. got the end stool closest to the kitchen and it was a great seat!! having not ever been there before, i got to see all the food coming out and it made it very hard to decide what to order. in the end i got the warm chicory salad with walnuts, bacon, and a poached egg. it was delicious and filling enough i didn't need anything else.bar staff was great and very helpful. kent explained all the menu items and was very friendly!i know a lot of people have commented on the prices, but for two beers, the salad, and an averna, i only spent $35. i think that was pretty reasonable.will definitely go back. gave it 4 instead of 5 stars because it was sooooo loud. won't keep me from going back, but just something i noticed.
Nopa, I miss your stewed calamari on grilled bread and your Mediteranean fish stew....but your refreshing cocktails and reliable goodness make up for your too seasonal fare.But hey, remember when you said you would try to reserve tables for the locals? It seems that the more upscale pop's of neighboring hoods tend to take over, but they are entitled to good food as well, I suppose.I especially like that your staff seem very happy on the job, and I've often seen the daily tastings they are provided before the kitchen opens to learn about the food and wine. Very good to keep and maintain an informed staff...Cheers to goodness!
NOPA rocks. Great food / service. Incredible bartenders. Open late. Perfect.
Nopa has definitely taken over as my favorite restaurant in the city. ATMOSPHERE: Funky yet comfortable. It's great to go for a cozy get together at the bar or upstairs with a friend or to take over the large, square table in the front with a larger crowd. And who doesn't love Barneclo's art? It's definitely a perfect sized restaurant San Francisco needs more of.SERVICE: Everyone there, the hostesses, bartenders, servers and sommelier are super chill but very attentiveFOOD: Must try the porkchops!!! I've also never be disappointed with their fish dishes either.DRINKS: Love their selection of beers and Martinis. I've never been disappointed with their wine suggestions either.For such a great atmosphere and decently priced, wonderful, food, this is definitely one of those places I don't mind going back again and again.
Let's be honest. If I'm going to drop mad cash somewhere (even if I'm not, actually...) I want to Eat. Yes, with a capital E. I don't care how free-range or organic or farmer's marketed your food is, if I'm leaving hungry, you haven't done your job. It may sound harsh, but if I am serious about anything, it is matters of the stomach. Luckily, NOPA delivered our three-course meal and drinks with excellence in both quality and quantity, and with great service at that. I was actually not the one to have paid for my meal, courtesy of my lovely date, but even if I was, I certainly would have done so gladly. I'm not usually a fancypants restaurant kind of lady (as evident by the fact that I consider NOPA a fancypants restaurant, I suppose), but this one is worth it.
so finally, after the symphony, my friends and i came here for a late dinner...our reservations was for 11pm, we got there 10 minutes early and were told to wait at the bar. we watched the table being cleaned and readied so at 11pm sharp, we were seated.we weren't in a hurry when we sat down, however the service was super slow. granted it was a friday night, but it took about 15minutes before we were able to order, the appertizers came in expected time, but it was another 30 minutes before we got our entrees. Here's what i remembered:flatbread of bacon, garlic confit, gruyere and red mustardlittle fried fish, lemon, and sauce romescocountry pork chop, cranberry beans, lacinato kale and fried sage- the flatbread was like a thin crust italian pizza - the bacon, garlic and mustard blended together perfectly! - the litle fried fish is good, but nothing spectacular.- the country pork chop is TO DIE FOR!!!!!!!!!!! i don't generally CRAVE pork chops, but this chop totally turned me around...imagine a thick slab of meaty smokey bacon-chop.... ! the waitress' recommendation was to have this medium rare - i've never been asked how i liked my pork chop cooked before... but medium rare was perfect... the pork chop was a big, chunky, smokey, tasty slice of bacon heaven!!!!!ok, so the food here is 5 stars - at least the pork chop DEFINITELY is. i hear this is the latest 'place to be' but honestly my party and i walked 10 blocks in the rain uphill to get to NOPAs for the pork chop (did it show we live in San Jose and were totally unprepared for SF's fickle weather?!)i have to give the service 3 stars, because they took forever to get our entree, and we tried really hard for over 10 minutes just to flag down our waitress for the bill. we were trying to get back to the parking garage before the 1am Cinderella Curfew to retrieve our cars.5 stars +++ for the PORK CHOP.3 stars for the service.averaging out to 4 stars for NOPA. who knows, i might drop by again to fulfill my pork chop fantasies, and give their service another chance to impress me.
Still love this place. It's great for a weekly or bi-weekly regular spot if you can afford that. It's not that expensive, but not cheap either. I get fantastic, personable service, the food is solid and consistent and the drinks are wonderful (although I always order the same thing). I like bourbon drinks and small plates, and they have a very nice selection of both.
Great for all occcasions, except street parking so cab it. Great place to meet friends for a drink and a bit at the bar, to have a full on sit down dinner or grab a late bite if you're in the neighborhood. Food is solid and all the meats are delicious. Wine is very reasonable and never lets down.
Good news for all you celebrities out there. No need to queue up for an hour and a half with all the other schmucks because the NOPA management will escort you right to a table. Yes, just this past weekend, our illustrious former mayor, Willie Brown and his entourage showed up at NOPA and were promptly given a table ahead of everyone else in line.My review below still stands as the food is quite good but please know, if you want to get a seat right away and you happen to be a "celebrity" NOPA is the place for you!--------------Say Yepa to NOPAIt's a bank...no it's a dry cleaner...no...it's... its NOPA. I understand the same guy that opened Chow decided to go a little upscale in both atmosphere and price and open this beautiful laundry inspired restaurant on Divisadero. Make sure you order the wedge fries and end with the doughnut holes which you can dip in this tasty caramel rum sauce. In between I had the grilled pork chop and my wife had the halibut --- both were quite tasty!
Although it doesn't top my favorite restaurants in SF, such as Delfina, A16, Canteen, and Myth, I would go back to NOPA again. The place was packed on a Wednesday night, we barely squeezed by to get cocktails. However, the hostess was still able to seat us promptly at 8:30, which was when we made our reservation. Bonus points for that.The food was also very good. We ordered the squash and ricotta flatbread and little fried fish, all of which were devoured in no time. As for main entrees, I really enjoyed the lamb shank and the potatos and veggies that came with it, but the fish stew was rather disappointing, especially due to the rave reviews about it on sfgate. We also ordered a side of grilled broccoli, which is probably the best broccoli I have ever had --- a nice grilled and citrusy flavor. For dessert, we share the donut holes, peach/rhubarb pie, and the strawberry creme fraiche panna cotta. All were good, but nothing was amazing. The service was a bit spotty - it took a while for them to give us some water, but it was attentive otherwise.  Good solid food, fun atmosphere, and good wine list - 4 stars.
I ate here at 1230 am recently, which was the best LATE NIGHT meal i've had.The atmosphere is the best part about NOPA. It was still packed and alive. We ordered the olive oil poached albacore and the grass fed burger.Both were great but the burger was a little dry, but it had really good picked onion on it and great bread.Excellent service, waiter knew everything about the food and gave us a lot of detail about what we were ordering
An energetic atmosphere with a better than average offering.The space is airy, well lit with high ceilings. The buildings acoustics was designed to create a lively, festive space. I think its one of those places where you take a date to impress them when your knowledge of food is limited. The food, well, it was OK. It's new American cuisine so there's basically more meat than carbs with your entree. My suburbanite friend insisted that we join him for dinner here. Being suburbanite he tends to judge city restaurants by its cover. We waited at the bar for about 40 minutes before being seated even though there were a lot of open tables. The bar was nice with a good selection of cocktails, and a wine list. The bar is the money maker so of course the customers should wait there - duh. Anyways, I guess the service was what stood out. The staff was courteous and responsive to our needs. The food was good, though nothing was outstanding. We ordered the pork chop, lamb leg, chicken, broccoli, and fries. The fries came out warm and crispy out of the fryer. The pork chop was a good size portion, nice and tender. The rotisserie chicken was good, juicy, but the skin wasn't crispy enough. The lamb was tender and moist, cooked to perfection. The broccoli was just that, broccoli. The food was tasty but it had no complexity. The food didn't come out all at once though the prep time for those entrees shouldn't take much. No outstanding attribute that would make me want to come back.Think Chow with higher prices and a less cozy atmosphere.I'd probably go back just for the bar or If I'm looking for a scene or if someone made me.
NOPA is a phenomenal restaurant, that's only four blocks from my house, in the wonderful neighberhood of NOPA. I should minus one star for being four blocks from my house, and making me want to eat here every single night. five stars for excellent drinks, a fantastic space with great ambiance, fantastic and knowlegable servers, and a sweet, down home california contemporary dining experience with food utilziing sustainable, organic ingredients of the utmost quality, whilst also maintaining excellent consistencty and low prices.Case in point: I took my Mom here last night, as she lives in the Philadelphia area and was visiting me this past week. I knew she would love this place as much as I did, and she totally did. We rolled in at 7pm last night, and were told it would be a 45 minute wait. We were cool with that so we headed to the bar for drinks. Before I even bellied up to the packed bar, the bartender was already handing us drink menus, and asking us what we wanted to drink tonight...great service. My mom got a great glass of Zin from South Africa, and I got my standard Elderflower Gimlet. The drinks, as always, were top notch. Just as we took our first sips, the server was over by us with two seats in front of the kitchen. We sat down, and were presented with their chive cream crostini, amuse bouche, with the sea salt, that I always like, and than we proceeded to talk with one of the Chef's about the menu, and order our food. Quickly our appetizers came. My mom had the baby organic lettuces, and I had the crispy little whole fried fish (a favorite). Excellent as always. For the main course, my Mom went with the chicken, which was HUGE, and I had my favorite pork chop in the city (only Range competes as far as I am concerned). The pork was rare, food orgasm inducing bliss, and we couldn't even finish all of the food so we had leftovers. We were stuffed so opted to not partake of one of their fantastic desserts last night, however I did end the night with a fantastic french press of blue bottle three afrikans coffee, which is probably one of the best coffee tipples in the entire city by the bay.4 drinks, 2 apps, 2 mains, Coffee, and 22% tip was exactly $100. This makes NOPA hands down my favorite mid-range ($100 or under for 2) dining spot in the entire city. You can come here once a month, try something new each time, and not go into debt for your hedonistic food loving ways (this is not true of Gary Danko, Minna, Cyrus, The Laundry, etc)After dinner, I put my Mom into a cab back to my hotel in Sausalito and proceeded back to my apartment, where much Bourbon was being consumed, and some mac and cheese, and salad was out and about. My roommate and our three friends, drank bourbon, smoked, cigarettes, and than drank a bunch of OE and Steel Reserve whilst plowing through salad, mac, and cheese, and my glorious NOPA pork and chicken leftovers. This all culminated in a three person MAN wrestling match, with chair throwing and ultimate warrior type elbow slams. I think we finally stopped fighting when my friend said he could no longer reproduce, and my other friend was bleeding under his eye. However, I do not seem to have sustained any serious injuries, so I will declare myself the winner of that imprompu wrestling match. The thing is, shit like this always happens post a dinner at NOPA. Seriously, for that alone this place is like one of the best restaurants in the city. Orgasm inducing pork chops, and mixed drinks that help you amp up your pregame for 40's and wrestling matches after dinner. Seriously...this place is the fucking balls.
NOPA is a solid 5 stars and never disappoints. We've been here for both brunch and dinner. I slightly prefer brunch, though the pork chop on the dinner menu is the best I've ever had. The service and ambiance are always good, though be warned that it is extremely loud. For brunch, we got the custard french toast and the pork shoulder (and two small plates that were good, but I am forgetting) - all was delicious. Try NOPA after a show at the Independent or for brunch on the weekends. We were able to get a reservation on a Sunday morning for just a few hours later.
We took a chance on Valentines Day to have dinner here. The hostess was extremely nice and helped us get a seat at the bar or community table within 20 minutes of arriving w/out a reservation (it was a 1.5 hr wait for a table). Drinks were nice and strong and the waitress was very nice at the community table. The food is nothing to rave about - pretty much regular food you can get at plenty of restaurants in SF. Vegetable Tagine was disappointing (carrots and potatoes mostly).  Mussels, fried little fish were pretty tasty. Roast chicken, their french fries and the flatbread were okay. Not sure we would rush back here for dinner, but would come back for drinks and appetizers with a group of friends.
Excellent cocktails, nicely presented food, but the service is a bit slow.
UPDATE 1/27/08I've upgraded Nopa to 4 stars! Went there last night for a group birthday dinner. The menu has changed and the quality of the food was much, much better than my first experience there soon after they opened.What I really loved was a large selection of small plates and sides, so there was an alternative to the too-big-and-fatty entree scene. I had a tomato and garbanzo soup that was really flavorful, and a side of fire-grilled broccoli. My friends were ecstatic with their choices, too.Good job, Nopa. Looks like you've grown up into a world-class restaurant.********************Nice space, but yes, very loud.Personally, I was not impressed with my food. The fish stew actually also had calamari in it, which I don't like. I had to pick through it to find the few pieces of fish. The menu called it "fish stew", though, not "seafood stew". Not much going on in the flavor department other than copious amounts of salt. My friend said her pork chop was salty too.I will say they had very interesting wine choices, and the service was very fast... almost too fast. Felt a little rushed.
Just a block from my old apartment in SF, this trendy spot was a shady laundromat not that long ago. NOPA had been highly touted by friends when I tried it for myself for the first time. The food is excellent. Appetizers are good for sharing and include some creative, shifting options. If you find the yellow-eyed bean appetizer on the menu, try it! My entree was a simple, but well-seasoned baked pasta, with nicely cooked squash and zucchini. The atmosphere is a touch busy / loud. I wouldn't go there seeking intimacy. But if you're just looking for a great meal, recommended.
Went there on a Monday evening with a friend expecting to easily get a table (considering the economy and the day of the week), but lo and behold, we still had to wait about 30 minutes...It's a very popular spot indeed and after ordering our food, I could see why. The hamburger and the fries were fantastic, as was the pork chop which was near perfect in my opinion. Only disappointment was the rotisserie chicken which was recommended by the waiter...it was a bit on the dry side. Service was terrific and the atmosphere is great too.
awesome lamb sausage flatbreadgreat pork chopvery noisyfriendly service
ropa means underwear in spanish btw but for those hot shots sipping on wine you knew that didn't you.
A great restaurant, with AMAZING FOOD! Make sure you get several appetizers, you really will want to sample a number of them. They make the best Old Cubans I have ever had. The atmosphere was nice, a bit noisy, but very fun and trendy. Dress: Business trendy. Impeccable service. Make sure you get a reservation, or it is going to be a VERY long wait.
Ambiance: Nice decor, darkly lit, open kitchen view where you can see all the chefs cooking your meal especially since we sat on the 2nd floor!Service: Our waitress was great even though we were seated on the 2nd floor.Food: 1st time here ordered the Burger, was good but nothing to go crazy over. The fries are a MUST order, 2 people can share an order and they are delicious! Then ordered the pork chop the 2nd time we came and it was the best pork chop I ever had, not dry like pork chop usually is..juicy and tender! YUM! Since the pork chop was soo before the 3rd time I came I ordered it again but wasn't as juicy and flavorful as last time, but still good for a Pork Chop (which I am not usually a fan of btw)Overall: I would recommend this place for a nice dinner date. I Definitely will come back here
Had the burger - it was a really nicely done medium rare. The red pepper feta dip wasn't as good as I expected. But the drinks were really good.
This is a great restaurant and hopefully will attract more of its kind to the area. It is very loud in the dining room and the tables are a bit close together. The couple next to us most have hated us for being loud and immature during their romantic dinner.I really enjoyed my dinner here although it seems not every dish was a hit. The ingredients are fresh and even simple dishes were flavorful. The flatbread was pretty good. The pork chop was tender and flavorful (although a little fatty), the rotisserie chicken was the best I've had - melt in your mouth skin and tender meat. The portions were also pretty generous. Unfortunately my friend's sea bass was a little bland and dry. I was excited about dessert from the online menu but they didn't have it available so we tried the baked alaska. Though well made, it didn't really appeal to me.The service was very enthusiastic and friendly. It's a pain to get reservations but hopefully it will be easier when the restaurant is less new. Oh and the prices are really reasonable - I shared dessert/appetizers and had an entree for just over $30 after tip.
What a utter disappointment. Great overall space in the up and coming north of panhandle / very lower divisidero heights 'hood. Food was mediocre at best (only five choices for entrees---with nothing standing out). I asked the waitress which dish she recommends and she suggested the burger---not a good sign + the burger was not so good). The service was painfully slow (took over 1 hour to get our food, perhaps because they were new). We were comped 2 free glasses of wine to make up for the poor service.This place has the potential to be the new hot spot, but unfortunately it is far from that. boo.
love this place! really amazing meals and cocktails and a great place to dress up and see and be seen. really good for a night out whether ona date or with a group of friends
Finally went there last week. Staff is very friendly, we were seated immediately although we were a bit late. Service is good, food is amazing. Only remark I have it that it's a bit noisy. No wifi but the waiter told me I could get free wifi from the neighbors which did work indeed. Good experience!
Lawrence, Alejandro, Chris and team do an amazing job!!!! Easily one of the best spots in bay area. Do yourself a favor, sit at the chefs counter, incredible dinner and a show! The flatbread is killer, pork chop insane, chicken one of the best and Chris always selects great wine and the bar and floor staff very attentive. Good crowd, hip vibe and delicious food! Only problem is getting a table, and door staff can be a bit frazzled.
This was our after-Opera destination; great because it is open late for such purposes.I was not impressed by the food or wine selection here. Not that it was bad, it was mediocre. I was expecting more wood-fired specialties on the menu since that is the draw.I had the London broil and she had the pork chop. We preferred my entree to her's although the pork chop was quite tender. The generous side of french fries w/spicy aioli was our favorite.
I love NOPA. Yes, it is busy and you can't just walk in and get a table w/o waiting, but the restaurant has a great atmosphere so having a glass of wine and catching up with friends before your table is ready is fun. I love the flatbread pizza w/ arugula for an appetizer and the roasted chicken is to die for. It is worth noting that I never order chicken in a restaurant, b/c how boring is that?? But, at NOPA, it is delicious!
Worth the wait.... I have always been a fan of NOPA however when my foodie fam came into town from Southern California I knew exactly where we needed to go. I always order the goat cheese crostinis which usually come paired with pickled beets they must have run out since it came with thinly sliced apricots which where just as delightful in fact I may be ordering it like that in the future. We ordered the avocado salad, which was simply amazing the chickpeas were roasted and had a crunch to them so it wasn't all just avocado consistency. The grass fed burger is a must have (so I've heard) if you eat meat and if you are a pescatarian like myself the Moroccan vegetable tagline is to die forrrrrr I would order it with a little more yogurt next time. DINNER was great the food is always consistent wish I could say the same for dessert. We ordered a few desserts they were not as great as the entrees I wasn't very impressed with any however it's hard when earlier in the day we scarfed down half the menu at Tartine Bakery. The chocolate souffl came with an un-edible smoked lavender mousse thank goodness it was on the side.
im really at a 4.5 stars. my parents have been fans since the opening, so by association i've been on a few occassions. i remember really liking the food & the atmosphere, but nothing tops my most recent trip for brunch. YUMMY, DELICIOUS & DELIGHTFUL. Homemade english muffin that was amazing, scrambled eggs and asparagus and I believe a little side salad. Amazing, not to heavy, just perfect. Oh & my mom's homemade scone was ridiculously yummy!
We popped for the famous Blue bottle coffee martini, which was great! Plus I had a cuban rum drink that was pretty strong... and I like my rum good. The pecan tart came with smokey ice cream that was dam good. I hope to try more of their menu really soon!
Great atmosphere! This is a beautiful space for the neighborhood. I like the communal table for cocktails and snacks. Parking can be a bit of a nightmare, but there are great bars within walking distance for cocktails after dinner.
Best. Fucking. Pork Chop. Ever.Other food (from a limited menu) ranges from good to passable.
woo hoo--I'm review #778!  NOPA was a welcome sight with the warm glow of lamps beckoning us on in on a cold and rainy January evening. I started off with a glass of the 06 Garnatxa Blanca which lent a lovely edge to my gem lettuce salad with a creamy vinagrette and slightly salty grated serena cheese.  My favorite dish turned out to be the white beans, tomatoes and bread crumbs- hearty and crispy.  I actually liked it better than the veggie tagine.   Skipped dessert cause I was so full from the two appetizers--will have to come back.
Nopa is one of those places I tried to love during my first visit there, but ultimately couldn't. I ordered the lamb flatbread (tasty, but the potatoes added nothing and it lacked a clear bright note.) Also the rabbit loin, a row of nicely presented, overly salty white meat medallions served with slightly bland soft polenta, strips of excellent delica squash, and an oily pile of kale. The waiter recommended a perfect glass of light red wine, which I sipped to cut the salt on each rabbit bite. Maybe I ordered the wrong dish, but I left Nopa wishing I had just eaten at Chez Papa Resto instead.
I really enjoyed the ambiance here. It's noisy and sceney, and there's a bit of a wait for a table without reservations, but we sat at the communal table which was super nice. You have a great view of the place and you can eavesdrop on your fellow diners. The decor is great, it's very open and airy, and the waitstaff was super nice and very attentive.We had the goat cheese appetizer, which was fine but nothing to write home about (not sure why everyone on here has been so excited about it). I had the pork chop w/ cranberry beans and greens. The pork itself was incredible, but the beans and greens are flavorless; I think they need to sub in some alternate sides. We finished with coffee and dessert. The chocolate ice cream with caramel and (almonds?) was amazing, super creamy and dark, like a truffle. Highly recommended. Overall, I really enjoyed my meal and I'd definitely go back. Check with appetizer, entrees, drinks and dessert was under $100 which I thought was really reasonable. Recommended.
Fantastic Brunch! Be sure to make a reservation because it gets a good crowd, even on a rainy day. Besides the entrees being imaginative and filling, the pastries were delicious and the sorbets were unique.
Wow what a super cool restaurant that my brother and his girlfriend Gina took me to. They had a pizza but not just only pepperoni like my favorite but with different stuff on top.  I love pizza and they made some good kinds. But only one different kind with bacon and lettuce and tomatoes. Also there are chickens and hamburgers with cheese on top if you really want to eat that here. I said I saw the guy who is spiderman in the movies but my brother said it wasn't. The waitress always was bringing me Cokes because she was nice to me and cool.
I love Nopa, perhaps too much. I find everything about it satisfying. It's the type of place that you can go and spend 2 hours on a huge meal with friends, or pop in for a late-night snack and cocktail. The high ceilings and exposed brick are a rare design-style for SF, which is nice and the service has always been pleasant and unpretentious. Love the soups and burger. And save room for dessert!
Ok - finally made it to NOPA tonite with 4 great friends. The restaurant made the mistake of putting the 5 of us in the front of the restaurant. We TOTALLY enjoyed the evening and the FOOD was FANTASTIC.Flat Bread - greatWarm Olives - tastyGoat cheese and crustini -- Pork Chop - OFF the hookHalibut - sighPasta w/Sausage - comfortDuck - tastyIce cream s/wich w/milk - Damn life should always be this goodpepper and olive oil ice cream - mmmmmmm delishthe strawberry on the creme brulee (all that I was allowed to try) I lost it!Now I am leaving the french fries for last because I have to say -- THE BEST DAMN FRENCH FRIES IN SF!!!! I had to have them taken away...One of the best evenings that I have had in SF in a long time.Make reservations, Know someone that works there, meet friends there but go relax and enjoy!!!
Great food and great atmosphere. We sat on the top level and were able to see down in the kitchen. It was pretty great to see how calm the chefs were and how at ease they were with cooking. We had WONDERFUL service. I wish I could remember our servers name but he was a tall rocker looking dude.... he was great, water was always full and our table was never dirty. We don't live in the city so this was a little treat for my husband and I. He just loved the burger... I sat there just wishing I had the burger too. I wanted everything! I got the chicken. Which was also really good..the burger just look really amazing though. We also tried the fried pickle beets... sounds weird...but so darn good! Overall, great place to at least try once when you are in the city! Make sure to make reservations though!
The whipped goat cheese is to die for. The tomato salad was out of this world. The flatbread was good. The pork chop was unbelievably delicious....except...why was it bright red near the bone?  Couldn't finish my chop for that reason. Be prepared to wait for a looong time before you're seated....which means you can down a few drinks at the bar. Parking sucks in this area so I highly recommend cabbing it.
We found this spot randomly on our Iphones after the LONGEST flight/travel day ever. It was late and we were starving for real food - not diner or fast food and this place popped up! We called in and made RSVP with the manager - who by the way was awesome! When we arrived after an ordeal with finding parking...ugh SF parking sucks! We were welcomed to a spot which reminded us all of NY! Loved the decor, the genuine love and how the wait staff really cared (except for one person who I will mention later) and the vibe!...it was totally happening and packed! We were promptly seated and welcomed by an awesome server (who we found out later was not our server) and the manger who we spoke to on the phone came over and introduced himself to us. It was fab! We were excited to try the food and energized from the amazing vibe of the place. The 3 of us had read online about the amazing pork chops...so after much debate...we ordered the wood grilled calamari to start, pork chops, the moroccan veggi tagine and the and the rotisseri herbed chicken. The calamari came out first and was beautiful! It was delicious and a great start...now this is where Nopa...or rather our wait person failed us a little and I have to say the reason why I did not give them 5 stars. We finished our appetizer and started to chat amongst ourselves...and it appeared to be like 20-25 mins passed and we decided to check in with our server regarding our food...it was getting late...11:45 and we were starving and tired and wanted to check into the hotel. We were not mad upset or rude...but nicely asked our server when she came over to wipe down our table (she was a shorter, older woman with brown hair...who was not nice at all to us by the way-she was all smiles and jokes to the table next to us?!?) she told us very curtly that our food was probably another 5 minutes-probably, but that all orders are placed in groupings. And that they put our order with another groups order in the section...but she didn't say it nicely. She totally seemed annoyed with us that we didn't know this...and that we were asking!!! (that's fine...but how the hell were we supposed to know?!) And after she delivered the message to us she asked us if we wanted bread or anything in the meantime - but in a tone that was totally not necessary. We all felt a little surprised by her reaction, but let it slide because we were talking amongst ourselves and everything else about the place was great. We got our food and all was fine. It was all delicious and we didn't think much of it...but as we were eating she comes by and asks us..."Is there anything else that I can help you guys with?" Like seriously?? What's up with the tone lady?! Totally not nice or warm. Anyways, we still loved our experience...and the food was great. And we'd totally go back, but hopefully we don't have that server!...but the reason why I'm not giving 5 stars is because our server had such a witchy attitude with us!
Oh, my GOD! It was so delicious. A friend suggest that we go and I just assumed it was a little cafe on the corner that I had been passing by every other day. It is a bustling, busy, and crowded enterprise with exceptional food. I ordered a hamburger, I am not much into razz-matazz dining. But this was the absolute best hamburger I have had in my entire life. Although the portion was small, it was just right. It was seasoned extremely well and so moist. The juice was almost dripping down my arm (not greasy juice, but just really moist). They served this particular meal with fries and a pepper sauce for dipping or spreading on the burger. All I can say is that I can never order another hamburger again - it's just not the same.
I love the date stamp on the menu I got, it let me know it was an ever changing menu that I would come back to and get to try some new creation next time. We had a table upstairs and could overlook the tables and delicious food and joy in people's eyes and tummies as they ate. I could also see the kitchen and bar from my vantage point so I knew everything going on. The presentation, the service, the food, the ambiance was fantastic. I walked right in with no reservation on a Saturday night and got a table for two. No wait, which is something I was expecting. The restaurant was crowded so the noise level was busy but expected. We could still talk without feeling like we were screaming at each other. Every bite was savory and delicious. They were super great about accommodating my food allergies as well. The only negative is that parking was a HUGE issue. My date that night spent 20 minutes finding a spot. Oh well, it was worth every second... I will go back when I visit SF again.
So I'm finally writing a review of this restaurant that I ate at several months ago. Soooo........I am puzzled at why everyone thinks the food at this restaurant is so good.  The decor and atmosphere at this restaurant is fantastic along with the layout however the food is less than desirable. The waiter we had was very nice and courteous. My dinning partners had a chicken and a steak dish and they found it to be okay nothing to be WOWed or to write home about. I had the risotto and it was half cooked and not tasty at all. The waiter asked us how things were and I mentioned how I felt the risotto was not fully cooked and he responed with a tone that didn't show that he cared much. Overall I think they could improve on the quality of meats and produce that they used.I don't know if I'll make a special trip to this restaurant again unless things change.
Everybody raves...and with good reason! This place has it all - atmosphere, great bar and awesome food. Seriously what more do you want. As fot the reservation system, I have had NO problems. I have been there four times with various size groups and we have been always been seated promptly. We showed up one night with two extra guests and were accomodated with a quickly and with a minimum of fuss. Food is excellent, bar is wonderful...if I had to ask for one thing it would be chocolate cake!
The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is because it's always so hard to get in here! The bar and the community table are hella crowded and unless you call like a month in advance, it's pretty much impossible to get a reservation on a Saturday night! The asparagus salad and giant white beans are my favorite. I also like the duck and the burger. Service is great. Make a reservation or go at 9PM on a random Monday if you want to get in.
Oh busy busy nopa, always so busy, but worth it!Everything I have eaten here is awesome and amazing drinks to go with! The servers are very nice and warm. I love the Hot Toddys they make!
Cool atmosphere. Food - not sure what all the fuss is about. It's good, but nothing over the top.
I went there again last night...every time I go I want one of everything...I love the tagine, the fish is always good...the appetizers are always fantastic! But, I am on a budget right now so I got the little gem lettuce and the wood baked yellow eye beans, tomato, feta, oregano and breadcrumbs...perfect amount of food not too pricey...only thing is they brought them both at the same time as an entree course and it was crowded so it took a really long time so by the time they got there I was starving...but the cocktails are amazing and i was getting pretty tipsy and hungrier...and even the amuse bouche did not fill me up until the food got there...but the food is great...the service is always friendly...and a friend of mine swears the hamburger is the best in the city.
i'm a little torn over the 4 stars i'm giving NOPA. the food is good, i had a truly outstanding burger and the fries were delicious. but at the same time, i took one quick glance at the menu and knew for sure i wasn't really interested in anything else. somewhat of a turnoff. yet i've heard some really good things about about other things on the menu.but i feel like the desire for a burger i had at the time played some role in my selection. i was also on a total man date with a good friend and getting something fancy-schmancy just wasn't going to happen. so in all honesty i'm definitely interested in going back and checking out other dishes.getting a table without a reservation will take some waiting (either for a real table or a spot at the bar or their crazy ass big table where anyone can sit with anyone).one other weird thing about NOPA is that i swear it had the whitest crowd of ppl i've ever seen in a restaurant in the City. just odd. and i'll be honest, aside from being white it definitely seems like a foodie & wine enthusiast type crowd (who often are white i guess). but at the end of the day, i'm not going to let the others eating in a place stop me from getting a nice meal. and the grass-fed burger tastes amazing. while it looks small at first, it possesses a thickness and richness to it that is more than satisfying. so, surround me with whomever, i'm getting my grub on.Additional thoughts:The burger is actually simply amazing at this place. One of the best burgers I've ever had [and this is true for both of the times I've been there]. Seriously...I crave that grass-fed burger often...too bad I live in LA...but wow it's a good burger.
A place that mostly lives up to its hype. Enjoyed a really great brunch one Sunday morning. Had it not been for the painfully slow service, I would've given them 5 stars. Stonefruit salad with almonds was so delicious that I'm still thinking about it (and when's the last time you really longed for a salad?). Scones were buttery and flaky - one of the best I've ever had.
A friend and I went here for dinner. We were going to sit at the community table but decided to sit at the bar instead. NOPA has tasty and unique cocktails to chose from. For dinner I had the grilled chicken which was excellent. Parking in the area isn't bad either.
Right off the bat I received a free drink as the bartender forgot my order. Not a bad start. The atmosphere is great, huge open room with high ceilings, exposed kitchen, and an interesting large wooden community table in the front. We sat upstairs which has a nice view of the entire restaurant and a cool mural on the wall. Started out with the Beans which were good, and the Lamb riblets which were even better. I really should have gotten two orders of the riblets instead of the London Broil. It was decent, but a little bit too much fat for my taste. The sturgeon was good too, but again I prefer the riblets. MMM, the riblets...
Revisited NOPA 8/15/08, and it was a very different experience. I loved the cocktail list, especially the prevalence of absinthe-utilizing concoctions. Our appetizer, which I can't remember (did I mention the absinthe?) was fantastic. The veggie tagine main was not thrilling, but was still pretty tasty. The dessert, which involved goat cheese ice cream, left me very happy indeed.
Phenomenal food, great amosphere, I've been here 5x in the past couple months and never left disapointed. The halibut is amazaing. It does get loud.
After being introduced to Nopa a few months ago, I was more than inclined to come back (and will definitely continue to do so). It is one of the few great places in the city that's open late on a weeknight. The food, service, and ambiance were all above par. Housed in a former bank, the exposed brick and wooden trusses are a nod to the past that give the place a rugged yet chic effect. Our waitress was quite amiable, and there isn't much to criticize aside from her having trouble and taking her time uncorking our wine.I started off with the Cucumber Salad, proceeded with the Pork Chop, and finished with the Granita. I liked the fact that the components of the salad were left large enough to distinguish themselves instead of being excessively chopped up to the point where they get lost in the dish. My friend's Calamari appetizer was great albeit a bit too soupy. The Pork Chop was incredibly moist and tender, and was definitely the highlight of the meal. My friend's Chicken entree was also quite moist, yet a bit on the bland side. My other friend's Backed Pasta dish was mediocre at best. As for dessert, the Melon Granita was a subtle yet refreshing conclusion to the meal. I just wish that the ice cream it was paired with was a bit more distinctive. Next time I go I will probably get the Sopaipillas, which were a lot more indulgent and memorable. All in all, this is a great place to eat if you get the right dishes.
do you really want to spend $25 on 4 ounces of halibut + a few vegetables, and (if you are still eating red meat, chorizo...--FYI red meat is bad for you). ok wine list at $8-$15 each. so you get half-filled on dinner, and you've already spent $50 each!NOPA is OVER. maybe 3 years ago, but we must save money and this place just drains you. DRAIN = NOPA.(also please lower the lights!)
brunch is even bettter!!!!bloody marry: perfectly spicyall of the breakfast starters are greatbut the French Toast..... wow!! Syrup only took away from its flavor (orange +cinna.) also the full stack is a HUGE portion, bravo if you can finish.Expensive but you definitely get your moneys worth.
It's just the best. It's worth the wait. It's worth the attitude. It's worth every penny. The broccoli. The burger. The pappardelle. Everything. I love the common table, too. Oh yeah, serving food til 1 am? Unbelievable.
I don't know why I'm writing a review given how many there already are, but here's my $.02:I went to Nopa tonight with my mother. Our drinks were interesting and delicious; the grilled artichokes were perfect; the duck legs and vegetable tagine we had were wonderful. The food was fabulous.I took off one star for two reasons. First, the duck was difficult to wrangle with the knives they gave. Not that it was tough or anything, just that to cut the delicious, crispy skin was more difficult than it would have been with steak knives. Second, I was left with the impression that our waiter was annoyed with us, and that was a little off-putting.
Amazing service! I have been realy impressed with the staff. I have been there less than ten times and many times staff members have come up to me to say hi and chat because they recognize me. It makes you feel good when you are treated this way.I always, except one time, sit at the bar. Sometimes the service is a little slow but I don't mind. The staff is so attentive and knowedgable. It doesn't matter how busy they are but they will talk to you as if you are the only one there.This place can get pretty pricy so I don't go too often. When I go it is because of how well I am treated and how creative the food is. I always feel very comfortable here and I have never seen an employee be rude...which is rare!
Nopa's a great restaurant that incorporates all that you would think a california restaurant would have good fresh inventive food, a cool space and a sleek crowd. This is where the service people hang after work because it serves delicious food til 1am which is a bonus when you travel across time zones, too. Pizza was good but the fig with goat cheese bruschetta was the standout. They had a good eggplant homemade pasta. if i were to go back I would want to try their signature pork chop which also looked good from afar. Btw, as expected, their wines by the glass were great and they have great cocktails
Porkchops!!!
The restaurant is very aesthetically pleasing with good service, nice wine list, and good ambiance. The appetizers were ok. We ordered the riblets as well as the runner beans which were both average. For my entree I ordered the pork chop which was pretty tasty. My roomates ordered the lamb which had much to be desired and my bro ordered the veggie tagine dish which was satisfactory. My bro's girlfriend ordered the fish stew which again was satisfactory. The biggest downfall of the restaurant was the menu was a little pricey. You'd expect the food to be better for the price. If you're looking for a nice dining experience with a fresh and trendy ambiance go here. If you're like me where the quality of the food and service is the primary reason to go somewhere then don't go here. Sorry to all you Nopa lovers!!
This is actually a 3.5 stars review.  Great ambience. I love the layout of the place- very lively and love the huge windows. Servers were nice. Overall I think the food needs a bit more work and it'll be 4 stars.olives - good to munch ongoat cheese crostini w/apricot was really good.pork chop- tastes good but something was missing.white bass- a bit on the dry side and too salty which covered up the delicate taste of the fish...makes me wonder if the fish was fresh to begin with?donut holes with rum caramel- DIVINE. OMG soooo good. just have this and go run 5 miles in the morning...it's worth it.dinner took awhile. 6:45 reservations and we didn't leave until 9, but i was catching up with a girlfriend of mine so it was fine. love the fact they open late.btw NOPA...stands for NoPa-rking...take a cab there or you can circle for awhile.
It's close to midnight, and time for a little sommin' sommin' that's hot, sexy and oh sooo good. Hopping in a cab, my heart skips a little with anticipation, NOPA, there, ready and open like a secret hot booty call. It's a habit I refuse to give up.
NOPA rocks. Everything about NOPA rocks. It is a brilliant little restaurant. Eating here is like eating with a big, good-humored extended family that you actually like and are happy to be around (not like your real-life dysfunctional, alcoholic family).It was a dreary fall evening last night, and to cheer ourselves a bit, we decided to try out this little gem of a restaurant in our neighborhood. I picked up my little girl from preschool and off we went to meet the mister there. We were greeted by two friendly young women at the door, who showed us to our table promptly at 6. The bar was completely lined with jovial patrons. No one batted an eye when my daughter used a cloth napkin to swaddle her baby doll.I ordered an elderberry gimlet, a fancy limed up martini-like confection. The mister ordered a diet coke. Our waiter had a mischievous charm about him, and was supremely knowledgeable. He was very attentive, and always there when we looked for him, and yet, he was not hovering. With our drinks, crayons and a page out of a Curious George coloring book appeared. Hurrah!!I had a nicoise salad of sorts - a perfectly poached pile of tuna in the middle of the plate surrounded by other perfect amuses bouches - a quarter of a hard-boiled egg, about five delicious salty olives, a dab of aioli, a couple of potatoes, some frisee with a vinagrette over it, and I can't remember what else. Delicious, every bit of it just right. It actually made a great entree, and I felt very satisfied with it.The mister got a fish stew with fennel. It was fabulous. When we go back, I'm going to order that and he's going to get the hamburger!They also boiled up some plain pasta for our plain-gourmet daughter. We ordered roasted cauliflower on the side, and even though I'm not much of a cauliflower type girl, it was good and I ate it up. For dessert -- we shared the chocolate pudding cake with lavender caramel sauce and whipped cream. Oh. my. god. We died and went to heaven. I know that lavender caramel might sound gross to you, but it was really really delish. You should try it.Restaurants do not get any better than this, and it's not all that spendy considering the quality.I can't recommend this place highly enough.
Wow, there are some folks out there that sure are jaded. By pretty much any standard, NOPA is damn good. Excellent food that's only getting better, outstanding cocktails from a bar staff that cares about the art of the cocktail, a wait staff that knows and loves food, owners who really care about both the neighborhood and creating a stellar, cultural dining experience (i.e. the architect lives in the neighborhood, as does the artist who did the interior mural). All that, and it serves until 1am 7 days a week in a city where it's hard to get a bad burger after 10pm.Is it perfect? Nope. Popular and trendy right now? Yep. Hard to get in? Yes. Do they need to upgrade their resv policy? Most definitely. But that will surely all get ironed out as time goes by (at a minimum the resv policy, pleeeeze?).And if all you "critics" out there-who live to try and topple those places that are just too popular for your liking-continue to flame NOPA for attempting to be "too good for its own good," we'll all lament the day when NOPA joins the overcrowded ranks of SF restaurants gone belly up, when in reality it has the potential to be as positive an addition to San Francisco as a Zuni or a Delfina.
NOPA means NO PArking. It all makes sense. Parking here is a pain in the fatty ass. I circled around the area for about 30 minutes. This caused me to be 20 minutes late for my reservation and they told us they give away reserved tables after 15 minutes. I almost shat a cow but I kept my cool and proceed to wait another hour. Fortunately a different hostess told us we could be seated since there were 3 or 4 tables available. I wanted to punch the first hostess with my gut. The food here is clean and simple. They really make the quality of their ingredients shine. The pork chop, rotisserie chicken, burger and rabbit were all very good choices. The flat bread pizza for an appetizer was also good but pricey for $15. The desserts were not notable. I would definitely come back here if I either got dropped off, took, a cab, walked, run, or rolled here. Parking is the biggest biatch here. Good luck fatties.
Amazing American cuisine, excellent bar drinks, and great service. I strongly recommend the pork chop - it's the best one I've ever had. The space the restaurant is in is also really interesting - it's an old bank building and the bank vault serves as the wine celler.
Super noisy. I personally don't like places where I can barely hear myself think, let alone having to scream across the table in order to have a conversation. But the place is hip, and it certainly is happening.I had the london broil. All I have to say is: Wow. Given that most london broils I have had are tough as hell, this was a nice surprise. Butter soft.
Love NOPA. Excellent daily flatbread, charming service, great options for drinks, and consistently delicious food. We go on the late side and always leave happy. The atmosphere is fun and loud - definitely not for quiet dining. Love the look and feel of the place - airy and open space. with cool art. I have been several times since they opened and will keep going.
I live around the corner from this place and can't eat there enough. This is one of those places that do it right. Everything is cooked to perfection. Great variety of flavors and attention to detail. I've never had anything at Nopa I didn't like. The bacon flatbread app and the pork chop are always great and usually on the menu. You simply just can't go wrong with this place.
lot of people, bad food, noisy i do not see any interest on going to Nopa.
*** update 2009The best halibut I've ever had - and love the burger, too. It's a second to the Slow Club's... The salmon carpaccio was also divine, and the service always impeccable!*** orginalWell. After all the stellar reviews I'd hoped for love at first bite! But I had to settle for a short-lived crush instead. It's not that there was anything seriously wrong with my experience. It just wasn't everything I'd dreamed of and more. The food was good (london broil), but not to-die-for. The service average, but not spectacular. I might stick to the bar next time. Though since it requires quite a cab ride from my neighborhood, I'm not sure when or if I'll be back.
Good place for a small group as they have excellent small plates. A good variety of specialty cocktails, including one with the ubiquitous and de riguer elderberry flower syrup. (Fair warning, no reservations and they cannot accommodate a group of more than 6. Unless you get luck and snag the 14-seater communal table in the front.)The entrees were tasty - there were 8 of us (yes, at the communal table, for which we arrived at 5 p.m. on a Sunday) - and we all shared bites. Some dishes were a tad on the salty side, but I find that's a common occurrence at restaurants that forgo the salt on the table. Every once in a while you get an overly salted dish. What does get 5 *s is the donut hole dessert. A-maz-ing. I'm so going there after yoga one Friday per month just to have the donut holes and a cup o' joe. We were all disappointed that the only chocolate dessert the night we were there was ice cream, which in all our books was not truly a chocolate dessert.
I went to NOPA a little over a week ago for the first time. I went there with my boss, a former chef, for his birthday and everything about our meal there was excellent, from the specialty cocktails to the food, the fantastic service to the barware. We ordered the goat cheese crostini and grilled sand dab for appetizers, the halibut and lamb for mains, and for dessert a sorbet trio with an almond cookie. Everything was delicious, even my foodie boss loved it. I can't wait to go back.
Updated Review: 4 StarsSo I had the opportunity to actually try the food and, uhh, it wasn't that good. Not terrible revenge of montezuma bad, but bad enough to lose a star. I'm coming here for drinks and snacks only from now on.----------------------------------------------------------------Original Review: 5 Stars (based on the bar only)One of my favorite "its 10 pm and I'd like a drink and some munchies" place. Inventive drink menu, great food and super friendly service. Ben and Kity were behind the bar and they were both dropping the knowledge about the liquor (Ben and I had a 5 minute conversation about elderflower syrup for Christ sake!). We're talking PHD level alcoholism here people. The venue is also very modern and cool looking in a way that makes you just want to hang out. It also has a very long bar and a communal table where you can order food and chat with the bartenders and your neighbors (both of whom are more likely than not to be PDC). Based on some of the mixed reviews below, I'm not sure if I want to try dinner here, but for a high quality late night snack to accompany your elderflower gimlet, it can't be beat.
Phenominal cocktail innovation...creative and ever changing menu both only driven by what fresh, at it's best and in season! Very hard to just pop by for a bite, however worth the wait...open late too!
Once I walked into Nopa, I knew I was in love! It was only 7pm and the place was bustling! The community table and bar was filled with people happily eating and drinking away. The restaurant is like a cool, hip loft with high ceilings and tall windows. The kitchen was open and you could see the rotisserie chickens turning and the flames from the firewood oven cooking all the entrees. We got a "quieter" table upstairs overlooking everyone below. While I was waiting for my friend, I got to see how everyone's food looked! Boy was my mouth watering!Although the menu looked limited, I was torn by what to ordered! It helped since I got a sneak people at out everyone was eating. Finally, we settled with the lamb mint ribs to start. They were yummy~ Tender and so much flavor with the mint. I had the London broil with crispy potato wedges AND arugula salad for dinner. Portions were huge! Everything was delicious, fresh and organic. My friend had the Mediterranean fish stew with fennel, saffron and potatoes. The tomato sauce went perfect with the oven crispy bread. Food was fabulous. We didn't try dessert since my friend wanted to go somewhere else. I wasn't worried, since I'm sure it won't be long till I return~BTW.. prices were great. I think the bill was $75 for the both of us for food and a round of cocktails~
This is an excellent restaurant in a not-so-great neighborhood. The atmosphere is beautiful and the lighting perfect. It is noisy, however, so if you want to be able to carry on a conversation, reserve a table upstairs against the back wall if possible. The food is impeccably prepared and beautifully presented. The service flawless and the waitstaff are extremely friendly. The only complaint I have is there are not enough vegetarian options to choose from so if you don't eat meat, beware. In a word, I would return to dine at Nopa if a few more vegetarian entrees were added to the menu. In the meantime, I would definitely return just to enjoy a cocktail and an appetizer at the bar. No doubt about it.
what else can i say that hasnt been said? my new favorite restaurant.  the staff was so accommodating--came in @ 12:50am after a show and no one rushed us. love this place and cant wait to go back.
GF ordered half chicken... dont remember what i had for entree... but we did get the frites, a squash soup, a calamari stew, and their mac and cheese. Everything was well made and tasty... i loved the fries!!
My mom and I went there last night. I had been hearing how fantastic Nopa is and how amazing the food is. So I decided to treat her while she was in town. For the most part, it lived up to expectations. The food was fantastic and the atmosphere was good. It was extremely loud, but I think that was because of the exposed beamed ceiling (not so great for accoustics). We were early for our reservation, so we each tried one of their signature cocktails while we waited for our table. We then split their fries with aioli as an appetizer. She had the London broil and I tried the blackened cod...both were fantastic. The dessert was a bit too heavy given the large meal we had, but was still pretty tasty. My only real complaint was our location. We were seated upstairs (which was fine) right next to the kitchen. The odors of the food were great, until after we were both really full and then the smells just made us feel sick. A bit pricey for comfort-ish food, but definitely worth the splurge every once in a while.
I love NOPA! I went for the first time last night and had the best service I have experienced since moving here a year ago. NOPA seemed extremely well staffed and our server took lots of time answering questions and giving his opinions. He was also extremely knowledgable about the wine list. The goat cheese/beet appetizer was so yummy and perfect for three people. We also loved the bass, moroccan veggie dish and rotisserie chicken. Since I was with big chocolate lovers, we had to try the double chocolate cookies with almond milk....seriously the best and that is saying a lot because I wasn't too hungry by that point! Hot out of the oven and really gooey! I can't wait to go back to NOPA....
Just went to Nopa an hour ago - on a Tuesday night. Good, solid place. It was jammin at 6:30, but they sat us upstairs at a fun spot.Highlights:Service was good and attentiveI had the cod - delicious with lentils and greensBF had the london broil - delishIt's a cool spot insideSquash fried with sage leaves as a side - yumIf I were to go back I would get a bottle of wine - the wines by the glass were pricey and not very good. Tried the tempranillo, mouvedre, and gamay. The bottle prices are good. I would also order appetizers. Seems like everyone who ordered apps got them right away, while we waited awhile for the main meal. Staff is friendly.
Just updating my original review from August 2006. Since then, I've been to NOPA several more times and have had wonderful experiences each time. From the hostess, to the staff, to the meals, drinks and the atmosphere...they really hit the nail on the head!******************************************************Nopa is an absolutely fabulous newcomer to the SF restaurant scene. Located in the panhandle, its addition is sure to help gentrify the neighborhood. It's set in a great open high-ceilinged space with a long, fully-stocked bar, large community table flanking the bar, ample downstairs seating along with additional upstairs seating. Dinner was a veritable luxurious experience. I started with thin flatbread covered in pesto with cherry tomatoes, bacon, a light cheese and salad greens. I could've had two. My entree was perfectly pan-seared halibut in a light herb sauce with cherry tomatoes, fresh corn kernels and sweet basil. Never have I loved a fish dish more. The addition of basil, one of my favorite ingredients, really made a perfect sweet/savory contrast.My boyfriend's salad greens with grated cheese and an herb vinaigrette was very intriguing given it was just a green salad. It left a lingering taste of fresh tarragon which delighted our tastebuds. He ordered a mediterranean-style lamb steak which was accompanied by a fresh greek salad. He cleaned his plate.We shared freshly fried donut holes for dessert, which were covered in sugar and cinnamon, with a buttery rum caramel dipping sauce which I could've drank by itself for dessert. I plan to be back next week...
elderberry gimlet served by that asian bartender (forgot her name) -sweet & wet!the grass fed burger w/ frites is good stuff too!its a bitch to get in any given night -but try to grab a seat at the bar, or sit at the communal dining table!their open late!
This place really gets three 1/2 stars because it IS an inviting space with art, scene, ambiance, girls with long hair and grey jeans and it does have delicious food, drink and circumstance... MOSTLY.First the good news: The rumors about the excellent wine list are very true. I had a couple glasses of champagne AND a wonderful sparkling Gamay beaujolais which is my new favorite thing, and I'll be searching for it locally to get me through the summer. Both went well with the amuse bouche of mustard greens and shaved cheese on crostini. Also, they have a good variety of wines by the glass including a white from Portugal that had a nose of crsip green apples that complimented the energetic, urban atmosphere. Also, they have excellent bar service, my companion got his beer order inside three minutes just in time to enjoy with his appetizers. The Starters were lovely. We skipped the mussels because you have have those anywhere and went straight for "Little Fried Fish" which this night were delicately battered and fried smelt served with a romesco that was not too tomatoey but had tang, also sharp with just enough heat (some of the best romesco in the city is made here). My wilted spinach salad was a revelation and the first time I voluntarily had a poached egg. The hot yolk added a tasty gooey element to the already flavorful bacon and croutons and greens. My only criticism would be the ratio of spinach leaf to thick cut bacon-- there's too little leaf and too much bacon (can there be too much? Yes!). The salad could use a bit of tweaking for balance to really make the flavors sing. We also had a wood-baked bean dish--yellow eye beans--which resembled a cassoulet in appearance minus the duck fat!!, this was a much lighter bean bake probably catering to vegans.Our entrees: The lambshank was Fred Flintstone sized and accompanying wild mushrooms (even the enoki!) complimented well. This dish was a winner. But, MY HALIBUT HAD PROBLEMS. The presentation of the dish was the first thing that threw me; the fillet was oddly shaped, presented with no depth on the plate and accompanied by very dull looking pea tendrils and carrots-- there was no dressing on either nor had they even been touched with any butter or oil, just dry greens and carrots like a hospital meal salad!! Very surprising. I was willing to overlook this as I don't like overdressed greens anyway, but then I tasted the polenta- Or, to correct myself, when I did NOT taste the polenta since it was TASTLESS POLENTA. It did not appear to have been seasoned with cheese or stock or even salt and pepper for that matter. It's almost as if NOPA was sneaking in a "heart-healthy" low-sodium dish onto their menu (or punishing those of us for having the spinach bacon salad doused in egg yolk!!). The halibut itself was cooked well, but again with very little seasoning and only a conservative crust from pan-searing. I ate those parts first., picked at a tendril or two and ate all four carrot shavings (they were good!).The desserts were also hit and miss. If you like beignets, and the sopaipillas are on the dessert menu, order them. Authentic sopaipillas are made from a light dough I believe, and Nopa's are too bready... ALTHOUGH ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS whatever they're called. The accompanying brown honey butter is the perfect dip or topping and comes in a tiny pitcher for your drizzling pleasure. You can't lose here. However, the "chocolate Semi-freddo" was a disappointment. The rich dark chocolate gave the dish a molasses flavor. AND, strangely, it was more mousse-like than SEMI-FROZEN which is my understanding of semi-freddo. I've had it before in restaurants, and it's always more like a creamy ice cream cake. At Nopa, they interpret it as a mousse... not to my liking. The highlight of our dessserts was the cardamom rice pudding which was a perfect ending to my companions lamb shank. Delicate rice, well-seasoned and sweet flecked with candied dates. What an upscale $8 plate rice pudding should be. Yum.A special note must be made of the after dinner Blue Bottle Martini which is rooted by the distinctly flavored local high-end coffee roastery. the vodka is almost an afterthought but it was local and subtly flavored.I wonder if service during the week is a little more sophisticated and consistent and that the chef's aren't just churning it out for the B&T crowd on the weekend? I wonder because it wasn't amazing... as so many people told me it would be. There were definitely highlights, but I've been to better... Nopa is the Boulevard for the denim-hipster crowd.
Its been said before.. but wow, the best pork chop I've ever had. Simply amazing. Didn't care for the farro, but I'm not much of a farro person to begin with. Just gimme that pork chop!The warm goat cheese was superb and I loved the crostini. Desserts weren't bad; loved the parfait but I thought the sorbet left a little to be desired.Excellent drinks, good service (though a little slow at first), and great ambience. Lively crowd and not something I'd expect to walk into given the area.
Reduced from 3 to 4 stars and here's why: Lawrence (co-owner, exec chef), u can't coast on your rep. Service has gotten sloppy, with drink orders slow or unfulfilled. The multiple layers of help are not communicating at the busiest times, which frustrates the regulars who don't just go there to drink the good, but overpriced drinks. On to the food: the appetizers on 6/6/9 came out a little dried out and not at the same time. The tagine was excessively creamy and lacked zing. The pork chop was wonderful as always, and still the best thing on the menu. The halibut had wonderful accompaniments, but the fish itself was bland. The chicken was excellent. As for the desserts, we only ordered two. However, they were mediocre. The cherry-sweet cheese concoction lacked balance between the two. There weren't enough cherries and the cheese lacked flavor. The sopapillas were of the Texas variety, not Colorado. For sopapilla fans, it's a matter of taste. But the sops--they needed a little more oomph. The caramel sauce was delicious. Lawrence, we love you. But you need to take notice. There are other places we can take our entertainment dollar...especially in this economy.
i went here for an after work dinner with some co-workers. i had the morrocan vegetable tagine and a whiskey cocktail of some sort. i'd never had tagine before, and this stuff was amazing. so fresh, such interesting flavors intertwining. i was pleasantly surprised. the helpings were generous, and i took some home for leftovers. i definitely want to re-visit nopa again soon!
i could write this review in one word: overrated.but, because i feel like that's sort of obnoxious, i'll elaborate: i think the food is spotty at best, the service is pretty atrocious, and it's gotten harder and harder to get into. as far as i'm concerned, in SF, why would you bother?the drinks are good. and you'll thank god for that while you wait forever for your table.
for the 1,814th time...yes, it's damn good!
NOPA is a pretty awesome place to come eat at. It's hard to get a reservation, but you can always hang around the bar and score a spot there. The cocktails are very good, and watching the bartenders make them is pretty fun. The food is always good. Burger is always a good choice. Also this place is open late, so for those of us who work the night shift, this is a great after work dinner spot.
Nopa's one of my favorite spots for dinner in the city, but really only for the ambiance. The food's ok, not the best, but the space more than makes up for it. Also a great place for a drink if you're not looking for dinner. I love the long bar along the side of the restaurant. Great date place, even if parking does suck.
I reluctantly write about NOPA, since my positive review will make it harder to get a table! NOPA is my very favorite place to get a great Manhattan, fantastic service even when crowded. I love the drinks and appetizers, preferring to go the tapas route for variety. Nea, Kitty, Mikey, they all are great!
I've heard about Nopa for a few years and was looking forward to dining at Nopa. The food is ok but not great. We had a few appetizers and the vegetarian tagine and halibut for the main course. Service was extremely slow with over a 30 minute wait between the time we were done with our appetizers until we received our main course. The waiter was no where to be seen. This restaurant was packed but I wouldn't go back for the prices and service.
I happened upon this place Easter Sunday evening when the original places I love to eat in San Francisco were closed. I remember reading mixed reviews here on Yelp, so thought I would give it a try. I have to say they exceeded my expectations. They had a wide selection of tasty appetizers and entrees. My girlfriend is vegetarian so she found mostly appetizers that fit her interest. The entrees are large enough that splitting appetizers and an entree is plenty.The price was on the upper edge of our price range, but for fresh, well prepared food and tasty, thought filled cocktails I felt is was very reasonable. I have paid more for less creative and thoughtful food and drinks many times. NoPa has definitely made it to the top of my restaurants of choice when heading into the city.
This restaurant is a promising epitome of how wonderful local products can be...I'm aware that they regularly change their menu (not sure how often) but NOPA has definitely convinced me that Napa Valley, if not northern California, really does have its own distinct cuisine. It's like the neo-provencal cuisine, except that you don't have to travel to the French Riviera for that. I ordered braised lamb with delicious potatoes aside, along with a bottle of Napa Valley wine..... pretty good.The atmosphere is magnifique. Try to imagine you're inside a flagship Williams-Sonoma cookery. Two thumbs up.
Hadn't been to NOPA in over a year, but popped in with 2 friends for a late dinner Saturday night. Who knew they served until 1 am? Anyway, my meal was pretty killer. Started with an Old Cuban cocktail. Then did a mixed greens, fresh feta and bing cherry salad --great portion and divinely fresh ingredients. My main was the special pork osso bucco, an awesome spin on a traditional dish. And for dessert, we split the warm chocolate cake with pepper caramel and a verbena strawberry parfait. Delicious through and through. And a super hard-working and down to earth waiter.
I went there tonight with high hopes but maybe my expectations were too high.-1. It took forever for us to get our table 25 minutes past our reservation to be exact.-2. The bartender took waaay to long getting our drinks ready. I think she was re-organizing the bar while making the drinks.-3. Our wine choice (which was recommended) was sub-par-4. Goat cheese was good, but I was expecting a baked goat cheese to have the yummy crusty shell that most have.-5. Sturgeon was salty, and my friend said that the Chicken was over-smoked. -6. I hated the nasty wash cloths they used to subsitute table linen.+1 Fun / Noisy environment+2 Old Cuban was Delicious+3 My Fish Saffron Stew was delicious+4 Strawberry Sorbet was DIVINEI personally would not choose to go back. It was average.
so the food isn't necessarily 4 stars, but i love this place because of the design, the service, and the fact that they're serving me food until 1 am every night of the week. major bonus points there. and the food, still pretty damn good. the baked pastas are usually a solid go-to, and i once had an "omg" worthy dessert: mini ice cream sandwiches. vanilla bean and mexican coffee flavored ice cream sandwiched in ginger cookies. So good!
Not worth my effort in having to make a reservation 1 month in advance.The service was good however.We enjoyed the runner beans app. and the gem lettuces.My brined pork chop was pumped-up, but I prefer a bit more sear on my meat.My wife's herbed chicken was undercooked, and should have been sent back. I know you may have an issue with that statement, but I can eat any meat, and prefer under done. I tried to give them the benefit of the doubt, and tried several areas of the bird, but when the skin is still rubbery and it is almost bloody at the bone...maybe it was because it was late, and the kitchen just wanted to get out of that noise factory.They did have a really tasty Combine ale on tap.Too bad.
Okay, so with 200 reviews for this restaurant already, this one is probably superfluous. However, I figure I'm using Yelp partly as a scrapbook of every place I've been in SF since I joined this crazy site, so here goes.Nopa. Liked the burger and fries a lot. Walked right in with a group of four gorgeous, buzzed ladies on a Friday night about 11 pm and we were seated immediately. That was awesome. Prices are reasonable for SF (expensive for anywhere not on the coasts). Menu indistinguishable from 100 other SF restaurants. Didn't really enjoy the cavernous space or the restaurant location. For some reason it all seemed a little pretentious. Anyway good enough that if you're in the neighborhood then definitely check it out.
A few friends of mine and I came here last night because, quite frankly, we took too long getting ready and trying to figure out what we were going to do. By the time we looked at the clock, it was damn near 11 PM and a lot of the restaurants with full bars were closing. I quickly jumped on Yelp to search for late night restaurants with alcohol. The first thing that pops up is Nopa with some killer reviews. I skim through them, make reservations and we were on our way. It was a cool little atmosphere when we got there but the appeal didn't last long. Our waitress was SUPER NICE (and quite frankly, she's a big percentage of the 2 stars). She answered our a million questions and was the sweetest girl. The menu was a little *blank stare* but after trying to figure out what we wanted, we just dove in and ordered some different things to share. The food was mediocre at it's very best. Nothing spectacular that I couldn't make at home, to be honest. The drinks were.. weird. Everything that we asked for, apparently, can't be made because they don't have it in stock. So how are you a full bar? I don't know. In spite of it all, however, there was some great looking eye-candy to look at as we waited for the check. We eventually made our way out and traveled two blocks up to Fly. I don't think I will ever be seeing Nopa again.
Try the pork and olives - tasty! Stick with ordering wine or beer. They take ages to make a cocktail and when you do get it, it's weak and not so great. Maybe they should not have all the fancy cocktail selections if it's going to take them centuries to make it! If you're female looking for a date, eat at the bar. There are loads of men perched around there. Although, mainly older men that are slightly a bit too damn old to be trolling bars. Creepy.
I love how late this place is open and they have an innovative menu but when we went it was tough to find something that we really wanted and our meal was decent but nothing special. It was also tough to talk over the din of drunks below. Friday night at 11:30pm is probably not the best time for a date at this spot.
I was excited to spot Nopa on my walk to work a few weeks ago--thought it would be great to have "someplace nice" in the neighborhood. I went with my boyfriend last friday around 9:30 and though it was crowded, the friendly hostess sat us within half an hour. The decor is pretty impressive--enormous windows, a mural of the neighborhood, fancy bar.The food was a bit mixed, however, and some of it left a bit to be desired in my opinion. The calamari salad hardly had in calamari in it, and what was there was a bit overcooked. The sole entree was full of tiny bones. Living in SF, we've eaten a good bit of sole, and have made it at home, too, and haven't encountered this problem. I wished they'd let me debone it myself if they were going to leave such a mess! The accompanying farotto was a bit bland. For a $19 entree, it seemed like a joke. The salad (good, fresh lettuce and creamy dressing) and halibut carpaccio were both simple but solid.On the plus side, the wine list is fun, the cocktails are creative and affordable, and the people seem pretty nice. I might give it a try for cocktails and snacks at the bar, but will hold off on getting dinner there again for a while.
I have been here twice & won't go back again. Nothing was horrid, but nothing was beyond average either. Lemme take that back! Their cocktails are HORRID! I got The Blur & my friend got Pisco Sour and both tasted the same which meant they both tasted like floor cleaner mixed with alcohol and both resembled floor cleaner. I couldn't even drink mine. Only due to my friend loving "awful tasting things" was he able to finish his. I get that this place is a foodie place & that's the reason for their extreme efforts at utilizing out of the ordinary foods that most of us have never heard of, but it doesn't work. The appetizer was good, but only because it had goat cheese...otherwise the crustini was sub par and the pickled beats TOTALLY unnecessary! Served 0 purpose. Didn't go with the goat cheese in the slightest. I ordered the fettuccine which was average tasting and my friend got the roasted chicken. He said it tasted like many roasted chickens he had had & so was not worth the cost! One our table was cleared we waited 25 minutes just for someone to offer a dessert menu! I was just about to flag someone down who wasn't our waiter when a lady came over & she asked what we needed & I said non-bitchily "we have just been trying to find out waiter so we could order dessert" & she immediately gives attitude and tells us "he is eating dinner & I took over and we are ALL here for you" Well ya wouldn't had known it! We got the Malt Chocolate thing which was good, but not great. I like that the food is natural and what not, but not worth the insane cost & average taste. No reason to ever go back...even a a foodie.
ittle Gems, Grated Fiscalini and Creamy Herb Vinaigrette 8. Nopa's caesar salad with a tangy twist.Flatbread of Herbed Ricotta, Zucchini and Serrano Ham 10. It was good even after I peeled off the serrano ham. I had to add some salt to compensate for the ham.Spit Roasted Leg of Lamb, Lemon Potatoes and Broccoli di Cicco 19. I was told the lamb was to die for, but I enjoyed the broccoli and potatoes just as much.Summer Corn with Chili-Lime Butter 5. I never pass up an opportunity to order corn. The kernels had an amazing texture and came off the cob with exacting ease.Warm Spiced Doughnut Holes and Orange Honey 7. Denser, finer, and yummylicious.Nopa doesn't win the A-grade because it's innovative, but because it prepares staples that I would come back to time and again. Nopa does grown-up comfort food with subtler flavors, generous portions, and well-paced service. They also do a mean mojito perfect on a warm SF day.
Nopa is, hands down, a relaxing place to go eat amazing food and drink the best cocktails in town. We sometimes spend there hours eating and drinking. It does not matter how full it is, or how much you are spending (they have something for every budget in their menu, everything delicious) they never rush us away. Service is impeccable. Almost everything they sell is fresh, local and organic. All their well stocked alcohol is artisanal, and they take big pride on their cocktails. It is worth it, although hard, to save space for dessert, too, and their Blue Bottle Martinis are amazing. It is hard to go somewhere else when we always have such a good time here.
I'll go here when I want to dine with the cast of "Friends" until then Popeye's is just across the street. This place should be called "Hot Dog" because it's full of dicks and assholes.
Honestly, I not sure what all the fuss is about. I have been 3 times and the experiences were frankly ordinary. I am always curious about the complimentary plate of crudites that is served before your main course arrives --- always beautifully presented but never never enough. A total tease for your taste buds; the dishes I sampled were merely la-ti-da.
This place has the best burger in town and a fantastic aioli to go with the fries. Plus they're open til late, and it's a great place to go around midnight. If you're going to go during normal dining hours, you had better make a reservation though.
highly recommended, I enjoyed my time there
I'm usually not a huge fan of going to fancy/trendy and thus expensive restaurants, but NOPA has changed my perception of such places. I've had a few bad experiences at fancy restaurants in which the food was displayed in a beautiful fashion, yet the small quantity left me feeling extremely unsatisfied. NOPA had great food at generous portions and left me feeling full for the rest of the night. It was pricey, but definitely worth it. For about $50 a person, we had a great meal with a few delicious drinks. The staff was very friendly and the atmosphere was classy yet unpretentious. I would highly recommend this place!
Love the setting. Love, love, LOVE the fried anchovies. Fantastic flatbread. The roast chicken is absolutely massive and a bit of work. I'm eager to try the pork chop and the lamb riblets.Update - had the burger last night and it is SOOOO good! The bar staff here are super cool. Definitely an awesome spot to eat at the bar. We had a blast, definitely check this place out if you haven't. The wait seems intimidating but after only about 50 minutes of having cocktails we were seated at the bar, not bad at all. :-)
I really loved going here. On a Friday night around 8 the wait was short to sit at the communal bar/table. The server was really friendly. The appetizers were great and wine selection was lovely.
Hands down the best Pork Chop I've ever had!
Nopa is consistently good, I am constantly amazed at the creativity and quality. I went with my winemaker friend and foodie, we had the oven roasted squash which was devine, the sardines were tasty and the giant beans delish -they have a great wine selection as well. One of the pasta dishes I tried was simply ok, but there are so many great dishes there plus it is always bustling - great spot for late night dining.
My favorite restaurant in SF, great atmosphere and consistently delicious food!
Came here last Saturday and the place was packed at 830 pm. This amazed me for a dinner place but then again its Nopa! Thank God we had dinner reservations at 9 but it was cool hanging ut at the bar! The servers are so very friendly, service is top notch, they will automatically serve you water and the bar tenders have a watchful eye if you are trying to grab a menu or trying to order something. Decent wine selection and cocktails which are freshly made with passion, I love that part. I ordered the Duck breast and my friend ordered the pork chops, both were exquisite! Portions are more on the small size for me so it wont make you really full if you are hungry, but well worth what you pay for! I am coming back with more friends!!!
Really Great. Went with 3 friends. Everyone loved their food. Our server was nice and helped us when we asked dumb questions about the menu. Sat upstaris which was really fun and relaxing. We could all hear each other talk!!!
Do we really need to state the obvious here? It's already impossible to get a table. Pound for pound, the most satisfying, over-delivering, on-point restaurant in San Francisco. Here, life imitates art. Who else makes an amuse-bouche of carrots and coarse salt seem... sensual? Could the wine list be any more interesting? Unabashed. Certain. Classic. Bravo."
this review only applies to their PORK CHOP. other things are decent but not 5-star for me.if you want a legit piece of huge, perfectly grilled, tender pork chop oozing with juice and flavor, go here. don't even bother going elsewhere.
We arrived here at peak dining time - a little before 7 pm and though a tad early for our reservation, we were seated very promptly. This place was brimming with people and as such, I was slightly apprehensive about the quality of the service. I've been to restaurants of this same caliber that sit on their laurels - my critique of these places is that if you're gonna drop a load of money on quality food - the service better be outstanding too. This place did not disappoint! The service was casual, friendly, attentive, and unrushed.The wine list was amazing. They do have quite a number of unique menu selections - I happened to try the Txakolina (a low drama kind of wine - balanced, uncomplicated - will definitely re-purchase) and the Lagrein (a little more acidic, complex, or "full bodied" as they say). They sent out a complimentary appetizer to all the guests. Good. But our actual appetizer was even better. We had the flatbread - which if we had stopped there, I would already have been satisfied with my meal. For our main courses we had the pork chops and the burger. The pork chops were a little too lightly seasoned for my taste - I think pork chops are a little difficult to work with in the first place - but it was okay for me. My friend's burger (done medium rare) though was very good! They must feed those cows bliss! The fries were good, but what was amazing to me was the aioli - they somehow manage to make it so that it doesn't taste like glorified mayo. As for dessert, we had the Mexican Coffee Ice Cream sandwich with the almond milk. The cookie on the sandwich was a little too hard for me. But the winner was surprisingly - the almond milk. I probably won't be sleeping tonight due to my stomach's incapacity to digest milk - but that was worth it!Overall, the quality of the food and the service coupled with the quantity of food that you get at NOPA was well worth the money my friend and I spent this night. But if that wasn't enough, what won me over about NOPA is the details: whether it be the wine crates that held your toilet paper, the kitchen towel napkins, the visibly tattooed wait staff (IMHO, I think that's what I like about this place - completely unpretentious), the waiters that come back to fold your napkin everytime you leave, or the semi-unisex bathroom concept (a nice restaurant should never skimp when it comes to its bathroom). It's all in the surprising details. This restaurant is what I think defines the experience of what dining in San Francisco is all about.
This place is great and no entree exceeds $20.I have read the buzz for the last 6 months but wanted to stay away since it was still relatively new. We decided to try and get in on a Friday night, sans reservation. Since neither I nor my partner had lunch that day we decided on having a few drinks and then dinner. It worked! We got to Nopa about 5:15 pm, put in our name for dinner and sat at the bar where we consumed some great glasses of tempranillo for about an hour. We got to witness the activity of the staff tasting and hearing the menu for the night as well as talking to the chef. This was cool to see up close. Then the hostess came over to let us know our table was ready. We sat down to a great amuse of apple slices and almond butter...we were off to a good start. We ordered the salmon carpaccio appetizer and the fish stew and london broil. All awesome.We will be back.
This restaurant is trying to be classier than it is. The decor is very hip but not what you'd expect of an establishment with a limited menu and higher-end entree prices. The space seems more suited for a pub or supper club. While it has a more than extensive wine list, the menu is rather over-priced and small. I believe there were five (5) choices for entrees with an additional handful of appetizers and sides - none of which sounded sensational. We were told the burger was the thing to order. I was expected to be "knocked-the-f*%ck out" for a burger toting the hefty price of $12 bucks, but alas, I was not. Don't get me wrong, it was decent, but there are far superior burgers in the city for much less.I agree with the comment below about the flatbread. It was good, but lacked ingredients to make it a mouth-watering, return-for-more, kind of a dish. All in all, Nopa is a very cool space with a friendly and attentive staff. The bar drinks are excellent and reasonably priced while the food lacks the sophistication worthy of a limited menu and higher prices. MY advice: go for drinks and appetizers. Eat elsewhere.
nice food, nice atmosphere, nice service!
One of my new favorites. Excellent food, good service, nice ambiance, plus they have a full bar! You typically need to plan ahead to get reservations, but that's what happens when you are doing things right, right? The Pork Chop and Rotisserie Chicken were well proportioned and delicious!
Have eaten here several times and the food has always been solid fare, not amazing, but fresh, local, and simply prepared.. Showed up the other night was told over an hour wait (we had called before going there, 15 minutes before, and had been told "we have tables, come on in"). I found the hostesses to be obnoxious and condescending....restaurants come and go in popularity by building a solid base, not by treating their waiting patrons like dirt. We left after a 20 minute wait and headed across town to Town Hall for an excellent meal with super nice staff.
So I was very excited about going to NOPA, heard great things about it and was slightly dissapointed. We got there at 5:45 got seated at 6:30, which I didn't mind because we had no reservations. Sat upstairs which was fine then waited again. It was ALOT of waiting! The service was not too awsome, very slow, didn't get out of there until 8:00. Now to the food, we got the goatcheese, it was eh. Then got the tomato salad, that was yummy very sweet thanks to the girl farmers who grew it. I got the Rottisere chickena and squash, it was good but not amazing. Desert was the best part, I had some of my friend's malt milkshake, holy cow that was delicious! Overall, ok food, and slooooow service.
Hurray, a place that's open after 10pm!?!! Just for that, it deserves a bow.The food is inventive; they marry flavors, texture, ingredients, sides are not what you'd see on your traditional boring menu. Cauliflower with pine nuts and currants... I like.The waiter wasn't attentive though, described hawk cheese as "stinky cheese, euh, oh but it is really good". Dude, seriously, are you for real? Minus 1 star. Oh wait, I can see cleavage all around! Plus 1 star, back to 5!
Great place for my sister and I to meet for a holiday dinner!Her husband's on his final week of a 3 month stint in LA, the girls are with our parents in Folsom, and for the first time in ages, we have the chance for a one-on-one brother/sister dinner outing.It could not have been more delightful. What's even more delightful is that I used to do my laundry in that same space in the 90s, and then the waiter himself reminded us it had been a B of A bank way back when.Now, this reinvented space is booming big like New York, with second story privacy and large windows that were beautifully adorned with winter green colored reefs.And, the food - scrumptious! I recommend the lamb starter, which has a hint of mint and coriander. YUM! And, we both loved the warming aspect of the hearty seafood stew.Lots of hip and friendly groups and couples adorn the dining room at NOPA. Service - well - we left our waiter a 25% tip!Treat yourself to this reservation required treat in the Western Addition, sure to be a flagship business that will anchor Divisadero Street for years to come and help grow its lively potential to feel like its own little neighborhood.
Everything was great, including the drinks. They made one mistake; I mentioned it was my friends' birthday so I asked them to bring a candle along with the dessert we ordered. They completely forgot. They waiter did mutter 'hey man... happy birthday...' on our way out which was just an instant classic. That's all folks!
I definitely need to head back to this restaurant - the food is amazing (I love the open kitchen feel) and the night I went was busy - even for a Sunday night! I love good finds like this in the city and definitely need to take my friends there!
the menu's hit or miss, but there are BOOTHS. not gross vinyl ones, but nice wooden ones. i come here for the late-night food and high-ceilinged but low-key atmosphere. i really just reviewed this so i could start making my list of places that have booth seating.
Okay...so who HASN'T heard people rave about this place? It really can put the pressure on a place...But Nopa came through for us. Ohhh, I think we sampled just about everything on the appetizer menu. One thing that was a standout was the warm goat cheese with beets. Let me first start by saying that I'm not a beet girl. But this dish made me feel otherwise! The yellow and the light pink ones sitting atop the spreaded goat cheese were simply amazing. (And let it be said that my friend declared she could 'bathe in the goat cheese' - it was that good!). Next up was the tomato salad. My friend wanted this and I wasn't super excited simply because it sounded so 'normal'. But, man, those tomatoes were so d*mn good!!! The flatbread with caramelized onions and bacon? Deee-lish! We also had the quail appetizer that the waiter said he loved. That actually was our least favorite app. But then it might have also been because our table did not consist of lovers of dark meat birds. In the end, that one didn't really do much for any of us. I got the pork chop - and it was massive. The beans were great but I thought the sauteed greens (not sure which ones they actually were since it wasn't listed in the description) were a bit too bitter for my taste when eaten alone. But when I put a combo of pork, apple, beans and greens on my fork, it was quite nicely balanced. I was probably too influenced by my wine consumption before ordering because I didn't realize how heavy the meal was going to be. Nor did I realize how many apps we were going to have. I definitely should have gone for something on the lighter side. Oh well. It was still great. The side of squash we had was incredible - it could make someone believe that they are not missing out on anything by being a vegetarian. The complete sadness came when the dessert menu came. My friend had made a homemade cake the night before for her roommate's bday and was insisting that we go to her house after to have dessert there. That meant I couldn't try the ginger cake with caramelized pears or the pumpkin souffle cake with buttermilk sherbet and caramel. So not fair! But with all of this autumn goodness on the menu, I know that I need to make a beeline for this place again before the season is over!
I must say, Nopa is one of the top 5 restaurants I have ever eaten in San Francisco. It is one of the few places, where I absolutely pig out and lick the plate clean after ever dish. There is a reason this restaurant is packed at all hours of the day, every day of the week. It's one of the few restaurants that offer fine dining food, with out the pain fine dining entails. For one you never have to worry about what your wearing. You can walk in with flip flop and shorts, and you'll blend in with the crowd of hipsters, social workers, and plaid army loyalist who are all here for one thing; the holy grail that is their bryned pork chops. Don't be fooled it's one thing to adventure out to other dishes, but the porkchops will probably be the best tasting porkchops you've ever had in your life. Not to mention that its the size of a foot long sandwich, the portions are generous and filing. I also recommend tasting the delicious flat-bread, voted one of the best appetizers in America. Enjoy and dine well, don't be ashamed if you find yourself licking the plate when your done with your meal. I love Nopa!
Whether it's bad feng shui or just the Popeye's Fried Chicken across the street, something isn't right here. And I used to love Popeye's back in the Alabama days. In fact, my cocktail tasted like something I would have had in Alabama, when I was in high school. VERY sweet. Added sugar it turns out.The food was a mixed bag. I actually liked the radishes. The flat bread was amazing, more like a pizza. But the Halibut was a day or two past its prime and heavily salted to cover the fact up. Very friendly service almost took it back up to three stars. I will definitely go back and give it another shot.
Update 11/2007:How are other people having amazing meals here?? The food gets worse every time I go in! I do adore the bar area, but maybe the chef hates us and gives us the bottom of their barrel?I don't think they understand produce either. We had the flatbread pizza which had raw, bitter radicchio on it -- why not sautee or grill or do something to it to mellow the bitter? We also got the escarole with egg, which was adult escarole with huge white stumps...still intact and on our plate. The leaves were overcooked and tough. The egg on top was basically 1/2 a cup of hardboiled chopped egg white mush drowned in vinegar! WTF?! Who serves that?Meat-wise, we got the pork chop which was the most heinous cut of meat I've ever seen When they put it down, we're like, Um, is the piece of meat upside-down? It was all mishapen and bumpy. We turned it over, and it was worse. We then cut a cross-section and it was honestly frightening -- some parts rare and red, then a triangle shape of fat in the middle, and then one corner well-done, and then some crusty outside. Omg, what part of the pig is that from??? HEINOUS.After that frankenmeal, thank god they have killer cocktails and wine.Food - 2 starsAtmosphere - 5 stars===4 for atmosphere, 1am seatings, and organic ingredients.2+ for food. Bummer, dude. Beautiful huge windows with wooden beams as window frames. Highhh ceilings. Great space with the cool art and big bar there... Wish the upstairs balcony railing was more minimalist, but oh well. Each dish had something good and not so good about it. Cauliflower soup was really a warm bowl of cream with cauliflower essence, but the thyme crunchy bits on top were great. Fried little fish was actually tasty delicately-battered fresh anchovies, but the fennel underneath it was soggy and needed vinegar (or flavor). Broccoli di cicco had a great smoky flavor, but the lemon tang was totally overpowering.Desserts were better. Honey lavender ice cream with butter cookies was like heavennnnnnn.  The sheeps(?) milk ricotta with honey and nutty toast was also deliciousness.
Very nice location, nice bar, but my entree could haved used a little help -- I had the pork chop and it was a bit dry. I also had the french fries and they were excellent. The beer was good too. Hopefully, by the looks of some of the other reviews, it was an off night.
love it!
no.pa n. 1. A Californian cuisine restaurant at the intersection of Hayes and Divisadero"Cafe Zuni is really overrated...I'd go with NOPA"no.pa adj.1. A culinary delight"This spicy fennel sausage flatbread is very NOPA"no.pa v.1. To thoroughly enjoy every aspect of one's meal."Johnny would always NOPA before returning to the classroom"At the core of NOPA really is the heart of San Francisco cuisine. Unassuming, down-to-earth dishes that are thoughtful and charming. If dinner's not your thing, try inventive cocktails at the bar (open till 1am). To top it off, enjoy excellent service in a space that is warm and inviting.*Recommendations*CocktailAmaritaAppetizerFlatbread with spicy fennel sausage, gypsy peppers, and roasted cornEntreeRotisserie Herb Chicken, Summer Beans and sherry-walnut dressingDessertSharlyn Melon Granita, Rose Geranium Ice Cream and Lavender cookies
very surprised to hear that there was an hour and a half wait to be seated in the dining room area on a Wednesday night. Luckily we did a little "hovering" over a couple getting ready to leave and scored some ample seating right up close and personal at the counter. Service was efficient and as soon as we sat down they brought over a taste of the duck pate for us to try. We had the flat bread w/onion, bacon & fancy cheese I can't remember the name of, the duck salad w/walnuts and the black cod over lentils for an entree and shared of bottle of red. Love it!
Can't say enough good things about this place - tried it for the first time last night and immediately fell in love! Great ambiance, excellent service and fantastic food at reasonable prices.Best Burger I've Had In San Francisco (so far), btw.We were seated on time per our reservation in a lofted area overlooking the kitchen (which was lots of fun for a group of foodies), and although it took another hour for our whole group to arrive, they seemed perfectly content serving us drink after drink from a solid selection of beer, wine, scotch and bourbon as we waited. All-in-all, we actually ended up sitting at the table for 3.5 hours!Throughout the night our server was fantastic: she really knew her shit (both the food and spirits) and was very prompt about keeping our table clear of unnecessary items - even making the effort to sweep up the breadcrumbs from the tabletop a few times! She had a great, warm smile that made us feel like she genuinely enjoyed serving our table.The Food:"Bruscetta" - This complimentary appetizer was their own variation - bread topped with a minty fruity chutney sort of thing, served with some shaved rock salt. Dainty but deliciousMarinated olives - Can't go wrong here if you're an olive lover.Baked beans - Baked white beans with some warmed goat cheese and a crusty topping. Sort of a dainty comfort food.Flatbread with sausage - Forgot what else was on it (probably basil), but Yum.Cheddar burger - Deeelicious! They *actually* cook it to spec: I ordered a medium and received it medium. My friends ordered medium-rare and got medium-rare. Sounds pretty straightforward but almost every other "fancy burger" place overcooks it!! (I recently tried a burger at Lark Creek Steak, ordered medium and got well done! grrr...) Anyway the beef was delightfully tender and tasty (it's grass-fed), the bun was buttered and perfectly toasted, and it was served with delicious pickled (in red wine vinegar I think) onions and all the other standard fixins.Fries - They are basically perfect. Good size (about twice as thick as McDonald's fries), crispy but not too oily tasting. In fact the potato flavor was pretty prominent. Served with a garlic aioli which was probably the worst thing they had (it was decent but really heavy on the mayo). Too bad they don't serve Ranch here!Roasted chicken - I've never had Zuni's so I can't compare, but I took a bite of my friend's here and it was pretty delicious. The seasoning went all the way through the meat, it was cooked perfectly, still juicy. The skin was crispy and delicious... What more can I say?Sopaipillas (sp?) - So these are square-shaped pastries that taste like donuts and come at you warm, covered in sugar. The thing about these though, is that they come with a mini pitcher of the most delicious honey I've ever had!! Apparently it's mixed with orange blossom butter and salt to make this perfectly salty / sweet and very floral tasting gooey goodness for you to inject into your sopaipillas. We ended up spreading the honey on other desserts, and then just eating spoonfuls of it till it was gone!Plum ice cream - Great presentation, however not that great. Maybe a bit too sugary. Came with some delicious butter cookies though, which we were quick to slather in that honey.Bluebottle coffee - Came in its own french press, accompanied by a cute little raw sugar pot with a tiny sugar scoop. Delicious but kept me up till 7am on a school night. Whoops!Didn't even get to try any of the famous mixed drinks, will have to come back soon!
BOTTOM LINE (3 sentence review): [Great] flatbread and desserts, [good] chicken, innovative cocktails, and very nice space. Service can be spotty because they are super busy, but the staff is friendly and professional. Overall, recommended - 4 stars. ORDER THE FLATBREAD.DETAILS: Took the wife here on a Monday night; couldn't get a reservation on the day of, until 9:15pm. So we just walked in and sat at the "chef's counter", a counter directly in front of the open kitchen. It was really neat to see the entire kitchen preparing the food - in fact, we decided what to order based on what we saw them making. (And based on the other yelp reviews).The flatbread and salad was phenomenal. The chicken was good, don't get me wrong, but I think there are a few places in town (i.e. Il Pollaio in NB) where you can spend half as much on chicken just as good. The dessert, a chocolate orange mudcake (a combination I usually don't like) was to die for. The cocktails are Carribean-themed and innovative. I had a Dark and Stormy, the national drink of Bermuda, with Rum + Ginger Beer, and it ROCKED.The space is great. High ceilings, cool urban-chic decor, neat community table. The service is friendly and professional, although they do get overwhelmed from time to time - the place gets busy.
Nopa was excellent and atmosphere was great. The table was ready at our reservation time (concept!) which surprised the hell out of me since the place was packed and lets face it, who keeps reservations now a days in SF of all places? Incredible wine, dishes, deserts. Great first impression for me. I will definitely be back for more.
Incredible roast chicken, pork chop, hamburgers. Organic, fresh, well seasoned food. Bartenders will not fail to please with cocktails.
I live right next to Nopa, so I'm there every couple weeks and the place is consistently delicious. The hamburger (rare with blue cheese) is the best in the City (in my humble opinion), the pork chop is always a treat, the flat bread never disappoints and the drinks are top drawer. Lovely.
I loved NOPA. The food, service, wine and atmosphere were all really good. I particularly liked the flat bread and the salads. They had a espresso martini for dessert that was amazing. I highly recommend this restaurant.
Pleasantly surprised! Considering it's a fairly new restaurant, I didn't expect great service, food, timing, etc., etc., etc., but they did well on every count.Our waiter was great and was a source of information as well as humor (intended or not...)Wine list was large and VERY well priced. Chris can help you make a great choice.Love the location, Divis is starting to become a destination, which is nice, since it's in the 'hood.Menu is moderately priced, you don't have to be scared what your date might order and bust your wallet wide open. Pork chops = yumminess.Can't wait to go back for some more!
Yes, yes and more yes! My fiance took me here for a special occasion and we were both blown away. The space is really chic with high ceilings and a really hip feel. It made me feel like I was in an episode of Sex and the City. We hit the bar while we waited for our table and the cocktail selection was awesome. Great drinks!We were seated and ordered the mussels and asparagus salad to start. I've had better mussels in my day but the salad was KILLER. Asparagus, oranges, bacon - delish. Second course, we had the pork chop with greens and potatoes and the duck breast with broccilini and polenta. I really liked the chop and duck breast, but I could have made a meal out of the greens and brocclini. Bacon, garlic, yummy goodness! I like my vegetables to be as unhealthy as a burger, sometimes. For dessert, we had the chocolate pot and the main attraction for me: Blood Orange Upside Down Cake! Holy crap on a cracker, that was the bomb. Our server was excellent and knew we were celebrating so he put candles in our dessert and brought us a digestif on the house. Overall, fantastic dining experience, not as pricey as we thought it would be, and we would go back in a second.
Outstanding dining experience. Food - fresh local organic ingredients, classic bistro-inspired menu adapted and evolved with innovative ingredients, flavors, or textures made every dish we tried a real winner.The roasted calamari salad, the duck with pea risotto, the squab and frisee salad (my favorite), the pork chop, the roasted beet and goat cheese salad with garlic and olive oil rubbed crostini ... I cant wait to go back and sample the rest of the menu.Wine - excellent selection of wines, many that are still affordable (we had a bottle of Ridge Zin and a bottle of Red & Green and felt like they were pretty good value). Interesting cocktail list also. Full bar with lots of top shelf options.Service - informed, pleasant, patient, attentive, professional, and not over-bearing.Decor - tasteful rustic modern feel, part warehouse (painted concrete floor, tall windows) part barn (open beam wood ceiling), comfortable chairs. The bar and community table look great too -- will try those next time.Hats off to Lawrence and the rest of the team!
Can't believe this is the first time I've eaten here -- it's my new favorite. Inviting atmosphere, great buzz, really enjoyed it. This is what happened that made it a "LOVE IT" moment: sat down to the menu and based on the choices and the descriptions, started to have this sinking feeling, thinking there really wasn't anything on the menu I just HAD to have. No "aha" moment that I get when perusing a menu and identifying the must-eat dish. So made my choice and hoped for the best ... and everything was divine. I was so pleased with my baked eggplant ziti, my friend's chicken was superb, the appetizers were devoured instantly ... everything was even better than the description. I will go here again and again and try everything I can.
It's one of the only places in the city that has a nice atmosphere, clientele, and good food until 1 a.m. The parking is easy if, your eating late. Parking prime time, you'll have to circle a few times. I've tried a lot of restaurants in the city and Nopa is one of my favorite places to eat. Great specialty drinks. You may dress casual however, if, you feel like impressing your date sport your funky pants;)
My absolute FAVORITE in the city! Great people, amazing food and some of the best cocktails and wine in the city!
Pricey with small portions average food at best, great space by SF standards. Very limited beer selection.
4.5 stars.fantastic pork chop.great dessert menu.creative mixed drinks (after dinner drinks may knock you on the floor, but are worth it)good wines.the many times i have been, i have always had great, attentive service, which is amazing, considering how packed that place usually is.great space.sometimes filled with douche bags (hence the 4.5, not 5 stars). just go there to eat great food people, its just good food, good drinks, don't make it into a place "to be seen". thanks.bonus: interesting bathrooms.
I love that this place it's open til like 1am. The food is always fresh and they focus on the natural flavors and textures of the product. They also make great cocktails. Our server was a stud, super attentive and knowledgeable about where the food came from. We left the restaurant at 2am and ran into him at the farmers market 6 hours later. That's dedications to what you're serving.
I've been to NOPA twice, and have received free champagne during both visits. Not a bad track record!My first visit was with my boyfriend for our anniversary. The waitress gave us champagne to celebrate the occasion (and because she'd seen him give me a diamond ring and mistaken it for an engagement ring. . .long story, but we ended up with free booze. Awesome!)The second time was with a friend, and we were celebrating my recent college graduation. More free champagne! Double awesome!Beyond that, I adore NOPA's ambiance and the layout of the restaurant. Apparently it used to be a laundromat, but I can't remember. It has beautiful, large windows and colorful murals. If you can, get seats on the balcony. You'll wait for them (even with reservations) but I think it is worth it for the view. As for the food, I have never been disappointed. I especially love the marinated olives and the oven baked giant white beans. During my first visit, I had a duck breast dish (which I don't believe is on the menu anymore) that had lentils and mandarin oranges, and it was to DIE for. The only problem, really, is the price. There is a reason I have only been to celebrate special occasions! Dinner runs at least $100 for two people. Aside from price, however, NOPA is easily one of my favorite restaurants!
Stick to a girlfriends night-out (garlic is in everything), but the food is solidly good, as are the cocktails. Favorites: flatbread appetizer, as well as the white bean/feta side dish...
Like this place needs any more reviews? It is very good. Simply put. Dishes are creative, have substance(most do at least), and are delicious. not much else to say, other than I wish there was more parking in the immediate area!
Would've had 5 stars but NOPA means no parking. The food is worth the search for parking! Started with the great flatbread(read pizza). Everybody knows about the Pork Chop. Watched endless plates of the chops go by. Probably the best I've had at any restaurant.Finish up with the Honey Skillet Bread desert or the Bitter Chocolate Pot de Creme and you've got a fine night out. The place was a tad noisy. No problems with the waitstaff. Everyone was quite cordial.
Another long overdue review. This place is an awesome local place that our concierge recommended. It's not fancy but still has an awesome atmosphere and nice relaxed vibe. You see families and first dates alike. We came here for dessert and the sopaipillas are the BEST! We still remember them and this adorable little place :)
This place is such a great neighborhood spot. Their drinks are amazing. The seats at the kitchen counter are alot of fun, you get a free show of everything going on in the kitchen.
The food and service was excellent. I have never had such awesome tasting pork chops ever. I think the pasta would have been better if they used either penne or rigatoni. The carmelized apple with smoked bourbon ice cream dessert was excellent. I would definitely go back real soon.
I like the ambiance of this place, it's a great place to meet friends and have a drink. Go for the meat dishes, which they're known for. I had a pasta dish which was so-so. The french fries also good. Our waiter was super great, and loved his tatoos, which he describe as "work in progress."
I really like everything about this place. I would recommend going with a reservation because the wait can be 1-2 hours. The atmosphere was perfect because it felt like an elegant experience without being stuffy.  Our server was very helpful and polite. The food was delicious! I had the flatbread and my husband had the burger. We were also given complimentary candied mandarin oranges with sea salt which was a nice little treat. I loved that there were plenty of interesting vegetarian options. Since they change the menu often, I will definitely be going back soon.
LOVELY! I had the Moroccan Veggie Tagine with no dairy..it was vegan--HOT, very well seasoned and just comfort food delicious after a LOOONG flight from NYC....The mimosa was made with fresh OJ and the atmosphere was casual-chic. Love the open kitchen and crowded yet lively bar right next to the dining room...not separate like most bars tend to be in packed restaurants. If I return to SAN FRAN ....which I intend to...I will def go back! yum!
great, classic SF spot. understated, unpretentious setting, and yet the food and service are both consistently really good. solid wine list. always a crowd pleaser - the trick is getting reservations. quick tip - i like to recommend the seats towards the back of the 2nd floor- great view of the kitchen as it is so fun to watch everything being assembled.
With its local and organic ingredients, Nopa seems promising (and has a lot of hype) but it is only slightly a cut above typical yuppie fare. The tagliatelle's texture wasn't chewy enough, the osso bucco fell off the bone but tasted a little too strong and one of my dinner companions agreed that the pork chop was nothing special.
food: good but i can't remember what i had.scene: hip, city crowd. went on a weekday but it was still very lively. drinks: got you drunk. so they worked. overall: 4 stars since i can't remember what i ate and i do remember that i spent more than i wanted to. atmosphere made up for both. go with friends for a fun time.
went here randomly last night. it's very cozy, tea lights at each table, very nice decor. service is AWESOME. SO helpful, so friendly. all 3 of us got a "little gem" compliments of the chef for our first time there which was delicious... even though it was very simple, the taste was very defined.so we started off with french fries with the aioli sauce. i never thought french fries could taste so special, but fresh, they were unlike any fries i've ever tasted -- the outside crisp was somehow separate from the fluffy potato inside which reminded me of mashed potatoes but whipped. the aioli sauce was good too. we wondered how they made them taste like that, part of it has to definitely do with freshness because when they got cold they were more "typical" but still, VERY good.so i asked them what their specialty was. they have a different menu everyday i believe, and all their ingredients are locally grown, so their menu changes depending on what's available and what the chef can whip up! it was cool how they had the date on the menu.so i recently discovered riesling through my cousin, so i asked them if they had it. the waitress tried to help me find something similar, even offering a taste, which was great. i ended up going with a dessert wine for my sweet tooth, but i can't say it enough -- service is spectacular here.continuing on! the other specialty they have is the chicken which is a rotisserie chicken... it smelled heavenly -- even though i'm a vegetarian haha. i ordered the flatbread of yukon potatoes, tomatoes, pesto and basil (? that might be wrong somewhere) because after a taste of their food i just wanted more, i wanted the full experience. she had told us tomatoes are currently in season, and i really wanted more potato. she described it as pizza without the sauce -- which was exactly what it looked and kind of tasted like! though there were a few edges a little burnt, it still tasted GREAT (my friend said it was better than his chicken). maybe i'm not a picky eater, but in a way the burnt taste added to the whole thing! the best part was definitely the tomatoes. my friend said it's the sweetest tomatoes he's ever tasted! and i may have to agree on that one... the tomatoes themselves made the dish. could barely taste the slices of potato, but it was so good i didn't really care.oh yeah, they have bubbly water for free too. i totally forgot to look at their dessert menu, which i'll definitely have to do the next i drop in. nice place to chat with a few friends, or even go on for a romantic date! there were a lot of people there when we went around 9:45pm. totally glad we did though. lovely experience.
After attending a friend's birthday dinner here I am officially hooked. My evening started at the bar as I was a few minutes early. The Rum Sidecar, which is quite tasty, kept me company until the other guests arrived. Our party was then escorted to a large table upstairs. I began my meal with the flatbread of house smoked bacon and ended the evening with the country pork chop with grilled peaches. Next time, I will have to save room for dessert!
With over 1300 reviews, I guess I can keep mine short. I'm sure most of my comments have already been covered, oh, at least 1000 times! Went to NOPA for the first time Saturday night. It's been on the list of places to try for awhile and well, I'm very glad I finally made it there! Since we didn't have a reservation we slithered up to the bar and ordered our drinks, which were yummy! I had the Old Cuban and he had ???. I don't remember what it was, but was equally tasty. We tried to hover nonchalantly for a spot to open up at the bar, or community table, since we didn't really feel like waiting 1.5 hours for a table. After a short wait two spots opened up, which we grabbed and promptly ordered two Pisco Sours. Yeah, we liked them even more than the first round of drinks! Even though it was packed and the bartenders were working their butts off, they were attentive, so helpful with recommendations and very prompt with service! We never had to wait more than a couple of minutes to have an order taken, a plate cleared, or a glass-filled. They were great and were so friendly too. Absolutely no attitude! My BF and I shared the Flatbread and the Porcini Mushroom appetizers and shared the Duck Breast entree. We loved it all and were more than adequately stuffed when we rolled out out there. Yeah, it may be a bit of a scene, but definitely a good place to check out at least once. We were really happy with it!
I'm typically skeptical of new places that get soo much press you can't escape the buzz. However, NOPA did not fail to impress! Every little care is taken to ensure your gastronomic delight. The little gems salad, very popular on menus about town, surprises with just a hint of fresh mint. The goat cheese with pickled beets and crostini is perfectly balanced on the palette. Pork and duck pate...almost too decadent, but evolves with the stone ground mustard accompaniment - with braised cabbage.The pork chop is one of the best in town, and I've had chops from every corner of these 49 square miles. I noted a hint of cumin and rosemary...but nothing that took away from the fresh deliciousness of the pork. I had the black cod, which I've never ordered anywhere. It was light and perfectly seasoned. A wonderful fish complimented with lentils and creme fraische.Desserts to go for are the 3 sorbets, with some of the best chocolate in the world and pecan tart with salted caramel ice cream. Do NOT skip dessert.Wine list - check! ($20 corkage, so try one of theirs)Cocktails - made to absolute perfection with a fine selection of potables. It's almost like watching an old timey snake oil salesman working his magic. Service - some of the finest, nearly without competition!Bonus - they serve late night.
Some of the tastier food I have had in the city of San Francisco so far. Good decor too and run by good people.Liquor selection is also quite good although Levende Lounge has a comparable selection.
This place is great! Called for a reservation at 6pm for a Saturday dinner, was laughed at, but told that they took walk in's. Got there around 7:30, waited by the bar for a cocktail, and before it arrived, we found two open spots at the bar. (Very lucky!)The meal was wonderful, cheese plate and shrimp to start, halibut for her,and steak for me, and about a half dozen champagne cocktails for her, and the same amount of gimlets for me. Finished with the donut balls and caramel dipping sauce. Very successful!Great space, good service and excellent food and cocktails.It was a bit pricey, but that is the norm these days, and we did drink like fish...I will go back.
This place gets rave reviews on Yelp. I had to eat here because it was the hot place. First impression was mediocre. Friend and I walked in at around nine pm on a Tuesday and it was quite crowded. We wanted to score a table, but it was full. We were directed to the communal table at the bar and were told that it was first come first serve, however another couple were about to be finished. Another couple walked in behind us and the host told them to try to sit at the first come first serve table. For some reason, they walked over and sat down at some recently available spot before us, which made me turn to the hostess with a questioning look. She immediately disowned the scenario and told us we could try to move some stools over from the bar if available. Ok, I don't know about you people, but if I am eating out I don't want to be lifting furniture. I was wearing a very hot dress and very hot shoes. Not moving stuff. If you are a hostess at a restaurant, it is your job to facilitate traffic and provide effective service. This level of service was your typical nine to fiver, not above and beyond, and in some ways sub standard. Not really doing anything for Apple here.We had a few nice glasses of wine while we waited for a table. The restaurant has two floors. It is decorated in a simple modern way with wood tables and minimalist settings. It reminded me a bit of Luna Park. We ordered the tomato and corn soup and fava beans with bleu cheese as an appetizer. The corn soup was very fresh and the fava beans had a nice crispy breadcrumb topping. For dinner we had salmon and pork chop with nectarines. The pork chop was a bit fatty and oily, nothing spectacular, didn't have the subtle lean sweetness of most pork that I have had. It was served on a bed of salad that tasted of vinegar. The salmon was cooked perfectly, but preparation was standard.The highlight of our meal was the desert which was a lychee granita with ice cream and lavender cookies. Very original, subtle and light. A perfect dessert. Not worth the wait for dinner. A good place to go for dessert and drinks.
i was all set to be really disappointed by this place. i was turned off by the difficulty in getting a reservation. i'd tried 2-3 times to get a reservation with 24 hours notice (i believe once i was shooting for a wednesday) and i could never score the table. ugh. nothing more annoying than one of those over-stuffed places. this time around i called with i think it was 72 hours notice and it was fine. lots of room. however, i will mention that i'd be on my guard with these people, if i were you! i made the resrvation for 830pm, then they called me to confirm, and suspiciously, my reservation moved (by itself) to 815pm and they no longer had an 830pm table. interesting. then when i called to predictably tell them i was going to be a little late, they refused to budge and told me if i was more than 15 minutes late, they would give the table away and i'd be out of luck. nice flexibility people. notwithstanding the obnoxiousness of getting the reservation, the mysterious movement of the reservation, and the stinginess of the hostess... it was fine. it was definitely one of those place specifically designed to be loud and be a see-and-be-seen place. we sat right along the top floor railing with a view of the mirrors, windows, open kitchen, and most of the downstairs tables. we could also see Popeye's chicken pretty plain as day across the street and i was a BIT disappointed that the waitress refused to go across the street and order me up a bucket of fried goodness. i guess that's why they call it NOPA because you want something and the answer is NOPA!well, okay, that's probably unfair. the food was excellent, my pork was definitely one of the most tender pork chops that i'd ever had. the grilled peaches were excellent - not over cooked, but grilled to add some crispiness to the outside and still be solid on the inside. our flatbread appetizer was pretty good too. on the flip-side they really NEED to work on their desserts. hello. let's count. we were warned off of one dessert. we sent back the second (a very weird cheese toast with strawberries???). we were underwhelmed by the third (the donut things). pluses: food, decor, architecture, wine, service good (she sent back the dessert without a problem). admittedly, most of the important stuff.minuses: weird reservation problems, no flex on the time, desserts bad, would not go get us some popeye's across the street. also of note: skinny stairs going up to the 2nd floor, making a girl-trip to the ladies room a bit dangerous in stiletto heels.
Update: Eaten there twice more. The communal table is a great set up, especially if you're a straight dude going with another straight dude on a "man-date" and want a space where you're not staring awkwardly at each other from across the table. The flatbread pizza is amazing, great variety of appetizers and entrees. Parking really sucks.I heard so many good things about this place. The space is remarkable, airy, and accomodating, not too dark or loud. We sat at the communal table, which I think is a good idea, but the stools are horribly uncomfortable (maybe intential to get a high-turnover at that table). We ordered warm olives and salmon carpaccio as appetizers. The olives were good, but nothing you couldn't do a home. The salmon was excellent, but was hardly enough for one, let alone two. It's basically a thin smear across a small plate. For entrees, we did the chicken (adequate, but unremarkable) and the halibut (a touch overcooked, and again unremarkable). Overall, it was a fairly unremarkable experience for how much hype the place has gotten.
What wonderful food and wine, dependably, each time I offer my patronage to this place. The chicken is so delectable that as I write, the morning after, my mouth is watering at the very thought of the taste. The staff is kind and prompt, and the general enthusiasm for food makes for a vibrant atmosphere, plus, I always enjoy dining to the Flaming Lips and such. Great for a date or a friendly outing.
Food was good. We waited an hour for appetizers and another hour for entrees. That's just not acceptable.
It seems redundant based on the other reviews, but I loved this place. The staff was so attentive and kind, the food was yummy, and the vibe is great. I went with a couple of friends who have dietary restrictions (one is a vegetarian, one has celiac's disease), and the staff could not have been cooler in terms of making suggestions regarding the many options or arranging to leave the bread crumbs off the top of the white bean dish so the celiac sufferer could also enjoy. Some places treat dietary restrictions like a nuisance, NOPA did not, and that's wonderful. I only wish it was bigger and it was easier to get a table. Please, please, please open an annex a little bit to the west, maybe someplace in the Richmond or Laurel Heights. We need a NOPA!
Generally you can count on me to be as verbose as possible in my reviews, but I'll try to keep this one short and sweet:Pros: Great bartender, Great drink specials, Fabulous foodCons: Noisy, Noisy, Noisy (and a little hard to get in...)This place is defnitely hip and their food, while I understand it has been hit or miss for some people, was excellent for us the other night. The bartender that evening, Adrienne(?), was helpful, pleasant, and professional and guided us to some great choices, including what might be the best pork chop I've ever had (and from Mr. Bacon, that's sayin' something).The killer for me, and what dropped me down to 3 stars from 4, is that the noise level was near deafening. Some people love the din of a noisy restaurant, but when I go out to eat with someone, I generally like to, y'know, talk to them...if only to be polite. Having to lean in so close that you put your ear at risk of an additional piercing goes beyond the "acceptable" level for me.After they stuff the place full of drapes and hanging tapestries, I'll be back in a flash...
Fun vibe and great for a late night bite. Simply the best cocktails in the city. Food is consistently good, but please change the menu every so often.
Love Nopa for drinks and dinner, but new to brunch. For $6 the custard french toast with candied citrus compote has to be one of the best breakfast deals in SF.  You would have to run a marathon pre-breakfast in order to eat two slices of this amazing stuff.  soooooo good.
The food was excellent as were the cocktails. We spend 3 hours eating and catching up with friends, what a lovely experience. The duck breast was delish.
When I am in The City and I want to experience good food, a nice crowd, and great service sometimes I will head over to NOPA. I have been here several times usually pretty late because their kitchen stays open until 1am! I love that, because if its 1am in Whittier all I have is Jack in the box, and El Atacor.   NOPA has quite a wide spectrum of food.  They have a rotisserie, and a wood burning pizza oven, along with all kinds of other tricks up their sleeve. I have had the Chicken which is amazing, and I have also had some lamb there which was quite delicious. I was there the other night with a friend that has pretty horrible eating habits, you know one of those girls that lives on breath mints and non-fat frozen yogurt. Anyhow she even finished all of her "Tagine" and I had the baked pasta which was excellent.   Now the food is good here, but there top shelf liquor selection is nothing short of stellar. They have some great single malt scotchs, and a bunch of bourbon. mmmmm....  The other night was the first time I actually went into this place before 11pm so if you do I would suggest making a reservation because they were packed. Lucky for us we were able to sit at the bar and eat because the wait for a table was an hour and a half. The staff at NOPA must all be on happy pills because everyone wanted to help us and while the place was packed they treated us like the only people in there, the drinks were never empty, and the food was fast, fresh, and hot. Oh yeah did I mention this place is cheap! For the two of us it was around $75 with tip. that was an amazing baked squash appetizer, our two entree's and drinks. The desert menu looked great but we had a date at Citizen cake!
came here at 10ish on a sat night. the hostess said the wait was an hour and 15 minutes. we waited at the bar and then got seated a little over 30 minutes. for appis, we tried the flatbread and the mussels. The mussels were huge and tender. the flatbread was loaded with carmelized onions, basil, and sausage. For entre, I tried the porkchop with bacon and brussel sprouts. Good as advertised. So tender and moist. Well worth the money for the entre... appis were little pricey but not outrageous.  pros: open late... kitchen closes at 1am. solid food at fairly reasonable prices, nice bar, good service. cons: parking sucks, crowded great option for late night munchies...
This cute little place is awesome. Great food, great atmosphere, great service. I can't complain. Except....you need to come right when they open or you will be waiting for a ridiculous amount of time. The appetizers were delicious. We tried the flatbread with fennel sausage and the baked bean dish with feta. Also, their sweet squash and roasted red peeper feta dip was good. For the main dish, I tried the porkchop. Huge piece of meat! But also a great dish. Definitely worth a try if you haven't been here yet.
unfortunately, we only came for drinks so i cannot attest to the food.first, i have to say that i love the setup of this place. super-high ceilings with a small loft, an open, bright, and bustling kitchen, and a cool retro-meets-graffiti splashed wall.that being said, i hate the setup of this place. there's a divider between the bar and the dining area, which restricts the area to a tiny lane between the barstools and the wall. therefore, if it's a crowded night and you're just there for drinks, you are essentially standing right in the waiters' main drag. your cocktail sipping is intermittently interrupted by armfulls of food and awkward body contortions to fit everyone in.we wandered upstairs for a seat to avoid the barside area, and though it was closed and we were quickly escorted back downstairs, they did find an open table in the dining area and let us sit, so that's a plus. at the same time, i can't tell if sitting at a dinner table helped or hurt the bar-hopping mood/energy.the cocktails were good, though two of the men in our party ordered the "old cuban," which to their dismay is served in a champagne flute. just because one of the ingredients is cava doesn't mean it merits a champagne flute! but in all fairness, that's really not a big deal :)
This is one of those places that's actually worth every cent you spend (and that might not be a small sum). Their cocktails are all fantastic. Everything I've eaten here has been unique and delicious. They offer vegetarian variations for nearly every dish on the menu. Super friendly and knowledgeable wait staff. One of the very best restaurants in the city. Just plan on making reservations, or possibly going there after 11:30pm or so, when they start to wind down. Oh, and they recently started serving weekend brunch, which might be even better than their dinner.
I've been fortunate enough to go here twice. Had a great dinner at the bar and a very tasty "Derby Cocktail". Also made some last minute reservations for a late dinner for family in town for a special occasion and it was a big hit, and again excellent food.
Yum yum yum yum yum.
UPDATE - went back to nopa again for a 2nd try and had a way better experience!! now they take reservations, thank god, even though the place was absolutely packed. we shared 5 things from the menu - went with more small plates, and just 1 large plate. my favorite was the chard tart with feta and currants... amazing!! we also got the white beans, which i also liked, they were warm and cozy and had great flavors. the little gem lettuce salad was good, but nothing too special. the 1 large plate we got was the halibut, which i though was perfectly done and just the right portion size since we had other dishes. we also got the fries as a side - yum! that portion was huge, we couldnt even finish them. i am really excited to have visited nopa again and had such a better experience! original review:i definitely liked the atmosphere here - high ceilings, long bar, etc. but the food that we got was just okay. some things were good - butter lettuce salad and roast chicken. but i wasnt crazy about the other appetizer that we got and the menu isnt that big. the doughnut holes for dessert were great though.
Pleased to see some fun places opening up on Divisadero, although I wasn't really impressed. The scene is happening, but frankly not worth waiting for. The bartender screwed up my drink-a simple whiskey and soda, then gave attitude when I asked her to fix it. The wait staff was super nice,but I can't see justifying the cost of flat bread. It's bread! The burger was ok, but all in all-not worth the hype. The moussaka dish was really tasty, but like every restaurant in this city, over garlic/salted. I might try once more and see how it goes.
Just awesome. Went there totally spontaneously on a Monday night. Got the last 6:30 rezzie (next avail was 9pm), but we ended up giving up our table and sitting at the communal tables. Very cool. Everyone at the table was clearly enjoying themselves and totally cool with the entree ogling that is rather difficult to avoid. The place got really busy really quickly, but I never felt cramped at the table. Service was great...although I did detect a sense of "get the hell out of here" from the waitress after a couple of hours. She was, however, for the most part sweet & helpful. I think she was just getting slammed towards the end. And it didn't help that people were "stalking" our seats. I started with an awesome vodka martini, followed by a faboo glass of Rose (Cep) with my entree. My friend and I split the sardine appie. I'd suggest a pass on that one, but they had many other yummy apps. We split the rotisserie chicken entree, which was divine; it came with a yummy frisee salad and fingerling potatoes. We ordered the grilled broccoli on the side, which came with an awesome tapenade. Then (fortunately or not) we splurged on dessert. Pumpkin souffle cake with buttermilk sorbet (I know - weird - but surprisingly awesome) and caramel sage something or other. The sage was incredible. As if that wasn't enough, we wrapped it up with rockin' Blue Bottle coffee.Total for both of us with tax was $99. Steep? Maybe. But TOTALLY WORTH IT!
Definitely a good people watching spot, if you're into that sort of thing and, well, enjoy watching the same sort of people over and over again. :o)The food is actually pretty good, although I would be remiss did I not RAVE over the divine flatbread with butternut squash and goat cheese (did I mention I'm addicted to goat cheese?). And for some reason, our amuse bouche also was heavenly. Sadly enough, I'm just not used to them being that good.... Anyways, service -- unfortunately -- was spotty, but the dessert (sticky toffee pudding) more than made up for it. I had to go into Neanderthal mode, hulking over the plate and scowling and grunting ferociously at any would-be invaders. One fool at our table tried to slip in his spoon and got stabbed with my fork. Yeah, he obviously didn't know me that well, but I bet you he won't try that mess again...
Ive never been to a more overrated restaurant. For the prices they charge you can go to a much better restaurant.
We were there for New Year's Eve and the food was good but not great. The vegetarian tangine was a disappointment. Kind of mushy nondescript mess. Pork chops were good. Small fried fish starter was very good. I'd go again and give them another chance, and one has to appreciate the late kitchen hours.
Since my boyfriend is a chef, we have maybe two choices of restaurants for dinner when he gets off of work, Globe being one and NOPA the other. We've done Globe so we tried NOPA. Great food, as well as atmosphere and LOVE the late night eats! Gotta take it down a bit since they don't take reservations, that sucks. But otherwise, an all around awesome place.12/4/06 Update: Very excited to say that I am going tonight...Love it! Also, they now take reservations, yay! I guess they had to come into the technological age with the rest of us!
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD, PEOPLE. Just because Michael Bauer says this place is good, it does NOT mean that it is. I swear this character is smoking crack. If the food matched its great interior, this place would really make a definitive mark in the blossoming NoPa area. The entrees were safe, but severely uninspiring and, unfortunately, bland. Sure, this is from the same owners of Chow, but one would expect a couple notches up if you're paying nearly $20 per entree. Sorry buster, a fatty pork chop and basic petrole sole served with peas do not cut it... What about the presentation? Where's the kick? Where's the UMPH?Service was sporadic, which will probably get better with time; water was not offered, and when we asked for bread, two measly, cold slices were served with unsalted butter.The bar drinks, as most people mentioned, was the most redeeming quality at NoPa.
the burger is a real class act. no other words are necessary.
The pork chop and broccoli is really good, but you have to wait a looooooooooooooooong time.I almost wonder if waiting for a table by the sinks adjacent to the restrooms would be acceptable. I'm going to have to try that next time. Maybe make some tips.
One of the best burger's in the city.***Just went back and it was even better! Sit at the bar, the service is great.
Nopa does it right. If you can get a seat. The wine list is hands down one of the best in the City. The food is consistent and delicious. We have not been in quite some time and we went on a week night at 12 midnight and were sat immediately. I love the little radish amuse and the sausage appetizer was yummy. Cant wait to go back.
Its open late, the atmsophere is good, location is good, people are typical ugly San Franciscans, waitress was nice. Food is not bad and is worth the price. a little hyped up...
Great food and good service! Simple and sweet!
I was wholly underwhelmed in my first experience with NoPa. The hostess was nice enough and we were seated immediately on a Sunday night at 8, but at a table that practically had us a bumping elbows with the table next to us. The restaurant is a beautiful space, and definitely a much needed destination for the neighborhood.To the meal. Our server forgot to bring water, a small inconvenience, yes, but in the end the service just seemed lackadaisical and our waitress never really seemed to engage us. Maybe I'm not one for the Cal-Mediterranean fare, or whatever the hell you call the cuisine, but I the food was unimpressive. We started with the Olive Oil Poached Tuna, which looked like a messy pile on the plate and the tuna was tough and overcooked. The flavors were decent, but I was at a loss at how to eat the dish without a crouton or some kind of bread included. The other parts of the dish were all whole, so you had to cut them up and just kind of make a pile on the fork. Next we got the Fennel Sausage Flatbread-basically a pizza. When they say fennel, they should have advertised "for true lovers of fennel" because fennel was almost all I could taste. The flatbread was dry and I enjoyed it for only about one piece. The main course was the pork chop. The meat was delish, well-seasoned and prepared and by far the best part of the night. The side of "runner" beans were awful, and we both agreed tasted like some kind of peasant food from the middle ages. None of the desserts screamed at us, so in the end, we opted to pick up a pint of Haagen-Daaz for $4 and head home. I was greatly disappointed and after all the hype I expected a whole lot more. Maybe I'm just not into the flavors, but hey, they seem to be doing just fine with or without me.
Finally made it over to NOPA on Monday....it has been great watching Divis grow up into a street with more than a couple restaurants that have table service and/or booze, and this place is definitely one of the anchors.Anyhow, the interior is cool, I liked sitting up on the top level. The food was all around delicious, even though I was limited to sharing a few veggie dishes (was there with a woman who won't eat meat + can not order an entree on her own). Looking forward to coming back and really getting my hands dirty.The Moroccan dish and white bean thing were both very, very tasty.Service was fast and friendly.
this place makes me feel like singing...(to the tune of rubber ducky by ernie the muppet)nopa nopa, you're the oneyou make eating oh sooo funnopa nopa, i'm awfully fond of youboo boo pee doonopa nopa, you're awfully neatyou make stuffing my face oh so sweetnopa nopa, i wish i could marry youboo boo pee doonopa nopa, you're so goodyou actually named the neighborhoodnopa nopa, you're gonna make me fatand that's the end of that!
Classic. Never disappoints.
Wow, this place doesn't disappoint. I came here with 8 people for a birthday party and everything--drinks, appetizers, main course and desserts--all hit the mark. Drinks were variations of pisco cocktails (my Peruvian friend was impressed). For appetizers we had goat cheese w marinated cherries and tomatoes on crostini, and cucumber salad with beets arugula and feta. i ordered the Moroccan veggie tangine (loved the fresh green olives on top) and birthday girl had the roasted duck breast. omg, i loved her dish. desserts were also fantastic--i can't even remember their names but the experience was indelible (plus nopa changes their menus). atmosphere was of course wonderful and the waitress helpful. would definitely come back often and with new people. what a gem in the neighborhood.
Great Place!! I'm bias since it is walking distance to where I live. But the flatbread is to die for! I get it every time! Also request to sit up top, and you can look out over the entire place, including the kitchen. Also the Tall Q One drink-WONDERFUL!
Came here for early dinner with some Slow Foodies. Had the goat cheese crostini appetizer. Goat cheese is sooooo delish. Crostini was nice and flavorful and the waiter even brought out more to finish off the cheese. It ruled. I had the chicken as my entree and words cannot describe. I ceased talking to everyone and devoured the whole thing. Couldn't be bothered with the side dish because the chicken was so unbelieveably juicy and bursting with flavor. Something so simple but I will def be back for more. I am super bummed I never came here when it first opened.
wine was delicious. bar staff are too accommodating and it was really packed but they see you. dinner was good. ate almost all of their vegetarian dishes. beans, cheeses and bread. i will go back when I'm not rushing through dinner as i was tonight. kitchen looked calm.
After reading several poor reviews in the past few weeks we were a little hesitant to try NOPA. However, I heard great things about it from co-workers and I always believe in formulating my own opinion, and I am very glad I did. NOPA is a well rounded place with good food and great service, it is open late, and is a perfect spot before or after a show at the Independent. They did start taking reservations on 12/1 and I highly recommend you make a reservation. A little planning will make your whole evening more enjoyable.Enjoy NOPA--we did!
I grabbed dinner here after reading on Zagat's that it is one of the trendiest spots in the SF bay area. The atmosphere is stylish yet relaxed. It is a great place for a laid-back dinner w/ friends; also would be an excellent candidate for a date spot.The drinks were strong and well-made, ranging from classics (sazerac, dark and stormy) to interesting new concoctions.
All i can say is FANTASTIC =) ....from quality of food, ambiance, service, and everything else u can think of is WONDERFUL. -cauliflower cratins- perfect...cheesy and creamy ..YUM!-goat cheese with croutons- delicious-grill pork chop- sooo tender, big, and juicy-flat breads- all to die for (changes toppings according to how fresh ingredients are)-apple crostada and pear crostada-french fries - soo crispy and lightnopa is a place to sit, relax, and enjoy.....don't go if your in a rush! Tasty food ...decor is pretty impressive- high celings, very modern, open kitchen, great designs especially the bathroom area...space is well utilized...noise level can be pretty loud, but there's a upstairs too if you want to stay away from that. Wait can be crazy ...but they do take reservations or if not u can always have a drink at the big communal table while u wait.
Excellent overall. Went on a Thursday night at about 7:00pm, called ahead and was seated in a booth immediately. By 8:00pm the place was pretty packed. Staff was very courteous and efficient. Environment was very airy and comfortable - simple, yet elegant. Seems to be a Hayes Valley-type crowd.There is a pretty good wine list that had a lot of European wines and seemed to a wide variety of types and prices, lots of reasonably priced options.Had an appetizer of some sort of bean casserole - it was really good, I'm sure I'll get hankering to go back just for that alone. Was in a burger mood, and it was well prepared, good bread, well done fries. Had the creme brule for dessert, which was also done well.There are lots of great places to eat in SF, but I think the core differences that make NOPA above-average are the little attentions to detail - the drinks were well done and they provided a nice little cork coaster with the drink. Some little complimentary orderves were brought before the main. They leave you a nice big carafe of water so you never ran out. Wait staff other than you own would stop by and pick up empty plates or refill your water - everyone on the staff seemed to work together - I don't think I've seen that in a long time. There are other things too that I can't quite remember, but like I said - small things that show an attention to detail.Someone else mentioned the Town Hall type long table in the bar, which seemed to easily accommodate walk-ins. Nice. Noise level was lively, but it was still easy to carry on a conversation. The interior was nicely done, there are exposed wooden beams on the ceiling and I noticed that the former bank vault is now used as the wine cellar. Bathrooms were clean and nice.Total tab for two was $90 plus tip. Felt like a reasonable price for the food and a couple rounds of drinks. There aren't two many slightly upscale places to eat in that Hayes Valley Fell/Divisadero area when you want something more than a slice of pizza, but this one is certainly worth checking out. Visa/MC only, no Amex.
yummy food, great atmosphere, impeccable service - like the best I have had in a long time. -pork chop - perfect-black cod - superb-burger - delicious-drinks - fantasticdid I mention how great the service was? this is a truly awesome San Francisco dining experience.
Horrible service, rude waitresses, overrated food. Not much else to say
This is just a fun place in general. Their mixed drinks are expensive but SUPER yummy. I love all their appetizers and we got one by accident and they just gave it to us! Definitely get the mixed drinks, the white beans, and any of the salads!
Had a fantastic meal at Nopa. The half chicken was super moist and tasty. Though I thought the meal was a little too oily. Had an awesome grapefruit (freshly squeezed) spritzer. Definitely must make a repeat trip.
like this place needs another 5 star review...but i just can't resist ;)angela t. has been raving about nopa and i finally found the perfect occasion to try it out...an expensed work dinner. i took my boss and coordinator here and we had an amazing time! the atmosphere was funky, i really like how they integrated the large mirrors in between each large window to open the place up. also, a very interesting bathroom situation. the service was top notch and the food was DELICIOUS!!! we started off with the marinated olives and warm goat cheese...i could have eaten a whole bowl of this goat cheese. both boss and i had the pork chop that was moist and perfectly seasoned. the cannellini beans were to die for. my coordinator had the moroccan vegetable tangine. i sampled it and it was also quite tasty.we split 3 desserts - trio of sorbets (chocolate - which tasted more like gelato, grapefruit and orange), sopapillas and riccotta cheesecake. the cheesecake was the clear winner.nopa gets an obvious A+ from me!
Finally getting around to reviewing NOPA. Geez, afterall I have been here more than a few times now. What a lazy yelper. Given that I have been here numerous times reflects how much I adore this place. All around kudos from the atmosphere to the bar to the food to the service. The style of food is so up my alley. Grilled, roasted, delicious meats....c'mon!  Scrumptious. I enjoyed the Moroccan vegetable teranne tonight and it was such a comforting and unique plate. The beets/goat cheese starter is a must. Get some cocktails at the bar - they rule.
probably my favorite place to eat in the city. the various aspects of the place taken individually might not all be given 5 stars and there might be better food out there somewhere on any given night, but the combination of the food, ambiance, vibe, staff, menu, wines, etc...all add up to make the parts bigger than the whole...errr...or is it the whole bigger than the parts??whatever, it's great, I dig it! go there late when they are still serving after everyone else is closed, sit at the communal table, strike up a conversation, and enjoy!
probably my favorite restaurant in the city. never a bad meal here. only downside is it's hard to get a table by just walking in.
NOPA has a great menu and a kitchen that stays open late enough to get that 1AM feed that you may never need but is nice to know you can get. It also has some of the best mixologists in the city that are most attentive when a drunken Englishman is looking to try out different cocktails when clearly he has had enough.
I only write reviews when they are exceptional! Nopa's winelist is exciting, priced to be adventurous and perfectly suited for the cuisine. The food is not over complicated, flavors are robust, not over sauced ...you taste the flavors of the food, not of the butter used. Consistently it is one of the rock star value's in San Francisco. If you don't start with a cocktail, please end with one. Genuine care, talent and unique ingredients make them classic and cutting edge. No, i don't work for them, I just love how happy they make my days off from the industry. I heart NOPA.
nopa is a staple for my boyfriend and i....we work late, and we both are usually starving by the time we are off and the last thing i feel like doing is cooking when i get home and then cleaning. so we go to nopa. we love sitting at the bar and getting a couple of plates to share and maybe splitting an entree.....i like the ever changing menu, keeps us coming back again and again. and they have tasty adult beverages!
Everyone I talk to has a different opinion about Nopa, but I don't know how anyone could have anything bad to say about it. I've been there many times and I like it. Good service, good prices, good food, good wine list, etc. You guys rock, keep up the good work.
What a great restaurant to celebrate my 30th birthday in! The food was absolutely delicious, warm ambiance, and friendly staff (I thought our waiter was going to pull up a chair and join us for dinner). We started with the marinated olives and french fries, a surprising yet remarkable combination! A girl needs a little grease every once in awhile. After the starters, I devoured my entree: baked pasta, cured bacon, tomatoes, and goat cheese. NOPA lived up to the reputation and like the 600 + reviewers before me, I don't hesitate to give it a high rating. The entire night was memorable!
The food and wine is really good, and the place is usually packed on weekends. I usually get a couple small dishes and share with my guest etc. I enjoy sitting and eating meals at the bar, as the bar-staff and bar-clientele are always engaging and are a fun group to chat with.
Walking distance to my house, I hadn't been there until last night. Nopa has an outstanding dining atmosphere and superior service. The menu changes very often so I can see why it is very easy to keep coming back. It is a bit pricey, but the food and service is well worth it - you get what you pay for. I was very pleased with all aspects of my meal and so was everyone else in my party of 9. I recommend this restaurant for special occasions, or if you got a pay raise and would like to take a best friend or significant other to a pleasant and delicious restaurant.
great service and good choice of beers, not to many veggie options but the ones they have are good, their deserts and appetizers are probably the best, we used to go pretty often but discovered we could make tagine better than their chef so we haven't been back recently, nice place to grab a drink and some small plates, as the dinner is kind pricey. All around good place. also they're open till 2 i think
the green drink made from basil, lime, vodka, and thyme should be made into perfume. perfect drink for a hot night. didnt wait long for a table either. showed up a little after 7, they said the wait was 40 min. started to settle into the bar when the maitre'd found us a table upstairs after 5 min!great food -even the light stuff was filling and a drink list i want to go back and drink through. i'm not sure i like the hipstures but doesn't matter when you bring your own people.
i love that you can get a reservation at 11:00pm. That said, service was attentive and friendly.  Loved the little fish appetizer, the food is fresh and delicious. If you sit upstairs, you can watch the chefs prepare the meals down below, providing you have a table by the railing. It was fabulous, like watching Hells Kitchen without the yelling. Very entertaining!
Great look & feel. Sorry, that's a very techie way to describe a restaurant. However, if you go, you will agree.All in all the food was so so...A London Broil was a bit chewy and not terribly flavorful. My basic burger was good I must say....but a tad pricey for a burger. I know, I know....it's was a restaurant burger. Great fries thjo.Service was very good I must say so I would go back to try it again...but I might just stick to the Bar.The Bar is very cool . I am hoping to get a happy hour going here - especially since the place is in my hood.
Call ahead that day for a spot!We waited a looooooong time but it was our own fault for not calling ahead. The service was great, the food was amazing and the wine selection was nice! We did drink an abundance of wine before eating but I don't think this clouded our judgement!
Heard many good things about this place and finally got to try it... its almost like upscale comfort food. Everything from the appetizers to the desserts were excellent. We had the flatbread, pork chops, grass-fed burger, and the other two in our party had the chicken and the ribeye. There's not much else I can say that hasn't been said before, my only complaint would be that it was really crowded and people were hovering over our table....but I guess that's ultimately a good thing!
Usually packed but enjoyable. Waitstaff is friendly and food is tasty. I had the chicken, but I heard the pork and burger were also delicious. If you save room, try the blueberry cake... yum! It gets pretty loud, but I believe they serve dinner late.
A lovely, high-ceilinged space with plenty of light. Nopa is obviously enjoying its hip-newkidontheblock status - the joint was jumping when we went, to the point that two different parties of two were sat in the same four-top BOOTH (Weird?) So, it's pretty and it's popular and for now, its a destination restaurant. Check back in 6-months when the allure has worn of, because.....yes it's true, the food is not so good. We decided to share a bunch of small plates and then order one entree between the three of us. We had the little fried fish, the lamb flatbread, the runner beans, fries of course (yum), and the black cod entree. The little fried fish were deep fried anchovies, and despite the adorable name, just not very good - heavy and super salty and not much else happening sauce or otherwise. The lamb flatbread was missing the lamb, but did have tasty corn niblets on it which sort of saved it.. The runner beans were drenched in a savory cheesy casserole-y kind of thing that was Way too heavy for all of us. And finally, the cod was undercooked - not cooked just to the point of doneness, where the fish is still moist and flakey, but genuinely undercooked. But, it's true, the fries were delish.We got the donut holes for dessert and I have to say, they were pretty darn good - still, you can't go wrong with hot fried dough rolled in sugar and cinnamon now, can you? The service was very good - attentive without being overbearing, and knowledgeable about the menu and the wine. Still, I don't think I'll be back for dinner. Drinks and fries at the bar, on the other hand, are a distinct possibility...
So I went in here with my boy, looking for a good night of calm, casual dining, with some good drinks and that is exactly what I got.I called first at 8pm and asked what the wait was for the community table and then if we could get a reservation. we decided to wing it and take the risk of waiting an over an a half for the reservation. We show up and, surprise! there wasn't any room at the bar. So we put our name on the list with our cell phone number and went to the Fly bar for a drink. 20 mins later, we got a call and told us our table was ready.By now, we are impressed with the smiling, happy people who run the front. They seat us up on the balcony, where the summer of love in San Francisco got to the best of us. As we ordered our Old Cubans (a mojito with champagne) the heat got the best of us and we asked to move. We got a nice comfy booth by the door that assisted in cooling us off, as we drank our Cubans. And the whole time, they smiled and laughed and joked. Great people.The old Cubans were delicious, with just the right amount of sweetness. With that we ordered the French Fries and Roasted Red Pepper-Feta Dip. the fries came out so crispy and perfect that red pepper dip became subtle in comparison. While we were waiting for dinner, a server broke a glass of water off an adjacent table and we were given apple slices with a almond butter dollop, with sea salt to sprinkle on. So good.....the bf had the pork chop with Chard, Butter Beans, Philo Gold Apples and Mustard. the pork slice was HUGE and super succulent, cooked just right with a touch of red meat and bitter sweet. I ordered the rib eye (shit man....on date night we go all out) that was a little fatty, but served with , Early Girl Tomatoes, Rapini Greens and Basil Butter. The butter put the steak was a little over the top, but it was still cooked right, medium rare, with some good juice. We also ordered a glass of the Cab-Petite Sirah Mendocino 2004 from Mendocino Farms, which was tart, but sweet and pungent. The server knew we where sharing it, so she brought the wine over split..and we didn't even have to ask.By the time dinner was over, I had to make a trip to the communal "rest-area". I say this because the bathrooms were two doors for each sex, that let out onto an open 3-faucet sink. I really like the idea that you didn't have to separate the restrooms and the design fazed in well the the restaurant. For desert, we had Late Summer Fruit Sorbets and Sesame Short breads. It came with enough to share and not feel overwhelmed. The sorbet melted, oh so sweetly, and shortbread crumbled so rightly, that I could have eaten more. I am a sucker for sorbet and ice cream.Over all, the service was great, the decor was open and airy(besides being up on the mezzanine), the libations were delump-cious, and the food tasty. We were very impressed and would go back, but probally not on a weekend night, it is too busy.
Flatbread, salad, squash and lamb riblets were amazing. The fries with the hamburger tasted like they had been fried in old oil that had also fried fish. Nasty. I was really disappointed by the size of my Manhattan but realized it was a few dollars cheaper than I usually paid so that was ok.Its pretty noisy, we sat on the balcony which helped though.I like the fact that they send out an amuse bouche. Not the greatest amuse bouche but its nice to see this done other places than really fancy resturants.Worst reservation system ever. I think they are changing it soon though.I had forgotten to add that I wasn't a fan of the hamburger, it had an odd aftertaste to me. After reading another review that explained why grass fed meat can suck (taste gamey and not have as much good fat) this makes complete sense.Update:Still good, but sat at the bar and it was not too crowded on a late thursday night. You MUST must try one of their specialty cocktails, I had a seelbach and it was amazing. I think it was mixed by the same bartender who mixed a perfect manhattan last time I was here.
WOW and WOW! I've been coming here for 6 months or so and each time I am blown away by how good the food is and how amazing the staff are! I walk in last Saturday for a drink and a nibble with a date. We both have coughs and the chef notices and has one of the cooks whip up two bowls of -not on the menu- chicken soup. He's says it'll help and that since our mothers aren't here he'd play the part. How absolutely amazing it that? Like Whoa! I wanted to hug him. It made our night. I love everything on the menu and the bar is fantastic. But having a chef bust out some comforting dish on the fly b/c he knew what was best.... This just goes to show how much love is in this place. It starts at the top. Thank you.
As good as it gets! Belongs in the same breath as any of the top restaurants in SF! The best of the best in American food. The pork chop with grilled peaches was probable the best Ive ever had. Be prepared as it is extremely busy and the wait can be long, but its well worth it!
Well, the food is actually 3 stars but they are open LATE!!! I'm glad to see a restaurant open up that might compete with Globe. Globe's food is really not that good and on certain nights can ooze pretension. I like the vibe of Nopa and the staff seems unpretentious and accommodating. I had the lamb riblets and a fillet of halibut. The riblets were flavorful but, eh. The halibut was a bit bland and typical of what you find in California-esque restaurants.I wish this place much success. It's refreshing to find a place other than noodle joints and Asian hole-in-the walls (as much as I do like them) that is open past the magic SF witching hour of 9:30.
Wonderful food and open very late. Nopa has great cocktails too and is always packed with great energy! One of the best restaurants in SF in my opinion!
The food is 'okay'. Nick, our server was outstanding, extremely helpful and sweet. Nice bourbons, I hear the drinks are awesome - will have to return to check that out or not. Restaurant feels too big, I enjoy more intimate settings. Parking was brutal on a Monday night in the neighb - forgot about the Independent. Take a cab or walk there if you can.
dining on divis!wait wait wait wait wait wait waitgo again? uh, nope.
just say no to NOPA!it's been a while since my last review. what like a month?true, i have been to a lot of places in the last month like Range, which is awesome, and the short film fest at zeitgeist and those things/places rock, but i haven't been inspired to write a review until tonight...(i really just want to keep the good finds under wraps which is why i have been MIA)...moving on..went to NOPA for a birthday dinner...the service was slow. my salmon was way way way under cooked as was the case for everyone at the table who ordered it and the veggie option...not so tasty. the french fries, however, were really good as was the cucumber salad and white bean bake thing. plus the look and the feel of the place is great...but let's face it...look and feel don't fill the tummy. as you can see from my uninspiring review i was uninspired by NOPA. i can't even be bothered correct the grammar etc of this review.
MY God! Yes I found God. He comes to me in the form of a warm doughnut hole rolled in cinnamon and sugar and a side of Carmel to dip. Wow, I could eat about 40.The Lady(mom) Is in town so what a chance to hop around all the best restaurants in the city on her dime!   We started off with the calamari salad and salmon carpaccio appies.Stupendous. We share a half bottle of Pouilly Fume to complement our appies as suggested by our Devinne waiter.   For the entree I had the pork chop with grilled peaches and she had the duck with potato con fit. Both were really amazing. I have only had duck once before, by the way of TurDucken. It was fab, tender and not at all gamy. We share another half bottle of a really complimentary red.  Now comes the best part, warm dough-nut holes and Carmel sooooooooooooo good. Of course I had to have the Blue Bottle Espresso Martini, strong and tasty. One of the best meals I have had in a long time. I love it when The Lady visits!( many more good reviews to come)
The pastry chef does amazing work, the wine list lovely, the food over-hyped and over priced and the patrons...well...they might make you want to run screaming over to Popeye's. Alright. I am a bitch.
A. and I had a lovely dinner here recently -- delicious food and good service. Our table was in the mezzanine immediately over the kitchen, which provided a great view. However, it was pretty warm and when I got home I realized that I smelt VERY strongly of french fries, kind of like I'd been rolling around in fries and rubbing them all through my hair.  If the scent of french fries isn't your personal catnip, you might want to consider sitting downstairs.
My experience at NOPA was good. Not great or amazing, but definitely good. I've heard so much hype about this place that I was expecting to have my socks knocked off and that didn't really happen. The food was tasty (flatbread definitely the highlight) and relatively reasonably priced. The service was fine as well. I enjoyed myself but overall I'd have to say it wasn't anything super special.  I think my expectations may just have been too high and without hearing anything about it first I would have been impressed. I think I'm going to have to give it another go to be sure.  On an unrelated note - the guy sitting behind us wore a camo print santa hat through his entire meal. Odd.
nopa is the kind of restaurant i want to hate on principle- usually the food at pricey restaurants with full bars and pretty wait-staff is overrated and doesn't live up to the hype. not so with nopa. the cocktails, wine list and menu are all wonderful- i've loved every item i've ever had. the burger and chicken are both AMAZING, ditto the goat cheese spready thingey. the first time i had the flatbread pizza, there weren't enough toppings- but that was in the first month after they opened, and it's much more generously topped now.my partner and i walk here regularly for dinner, usually without reservations. we are almost always seated within a half hour or so, after waiting at the (crowded) bar. the staff has always been super friendly and accommodating to us. my only complaint is that it is way too hot inside- i'm usually cold, but i get way overheated in there. and my poor partner, who is always hot, has had to take breaks outside because of the heat. but temperature aside, nopa is fantastic. i highly recommend it.
I don't remember what I ordered, but I do know that it was GREAT! Good space, personable service, and delicious even late at night.
Edit- 1/28Went back to NOPA to have the burger. It was amazing! The burger itself is really cute! Looks like a cartoon hamburger. The bun has two perfect marks on top, and is round and fluffy. The fries are to die for. Get the burger!!i really wanted to like this place, especially since i live down the street. but, i just have to say that i'm a bit disappointed. the space is beautiful, and the cocktails and wine list are great. they definitely get a thumbs up for that. that's why they are getting 3 stars. the food is just kind of forgettable. they have this great rotisserie, and wood stove, but the menu is so limited. also, everything we had, which was practically everything was just OK. nothing was fantastic. hopefully, they're getting their act together, and the food will step up a bit. i'm keeping my fingers crossed.
Four stars for NOPA. I'd give five if the wait wasn't so long and the staff a little more friendly. The food is great. I love the calamari appetizer, various salads, and salmon main course (other things look good but I usually get salmon). Try the mojito, too.
Well after all the hype and all the people I've heard talking about this place, we were needless to say, dissapointed.Things started off well with tasty drinks at the bar. The restaurant space is interesting and pretty large but all hard surfaces, so as it fills up, the noise level is horrendous! And what's with those chairs? These are the cheapest, tackiest looking chairs I have ever seen in a restaurant. Looks like they bought them from the used furniture store!The food was just okay, not great. Here's what we had:Appetizers - Halibut tartare which was tasy but no bread to soak up all that yummy olive oil, "little fried fish" which they should tell you are anchovies! Yuck!Entrees - Rotissierre chicken, which was pretty bland and boring. We took the rest to go and I think it's still in the fridge! Some kind of fish with some kind of veggie and some kind of sauce. Pretty forgetable!Dessert - no chocolate! what's up with that? we ordered the creme brulee which was tastyDecent wine list with a wide variety of prices and regions to choose from.All in all though, we left and thought, "Eehh!", nothing special and I don't think we'll be rushing back.So many better places to spend your money on food & drink in this city. I actually wish we had gone to Range instead!
The first time I went, had a great experience. Second time - not so much. SUPER loud - they should hang something on the wall or from the ceiling to suck up the noise. Person working the front let me stand there for 5 minutes because there was a famous band from the 80's talking to her. When I finally asked if I could check in, she said, kind of snidely, "Um, Yeah". Probably won't go back because of the noise factor, but food was good.
i must admit, i'm conflicted giving NOPA only three stars. but, my main course wasn't good. i had the halibut and it was rubbery. i don't like rubbery fish. BUT. we had the flatbread for an appetizer and it was amazing. we had the sopapillas with honey butter for dessert, and we were in awe. my lovely date had the burger for his meal, and said it was the best he's had in the city. even so, my main dish was not very tasty. service was a bit spotty as well to be honest, although i must say that those at the front of the house, responsible for seating, etc, are incredible. i felt very welcome when i was seated. i would like to give NOPA another a try, we'll see if i make it back. and i certainly recommend it, just not with the rave reviews my friends/coworkers had given it.
One word; Phenomenal! Excellent mouth watering dishes. The 550+ reviews certainly shows this place does food and service well. The Goat Cheese Crostini is superb, the Rotisserie Chicken is outstanding, the Pork Chops cut and melt in your mouth like butter, and the Chocolate Pudding Cake is Heaven. The final highlight for you coffee aficionados is, they serve french press, Blue Bottle Coffee. Great service and atmosphere. Exceeded my expectations!!!
For me, this place didn't stay up to its hype. As expected, the restaurant was packed and i was told it will be an hour before we can get seated. After a long day at work and skipping lunch, last thing I wanted was to starve my self for another hour. fortunately within 15 min got a place on the bar table by the kitchen. Ambiance is extravagant, a mix of casual and fine dining leading to a fun contemporary environment. i totally dig my spot because chefs were preparing right in front of us. to cut the chase, skipped the appetizer and jumped right to main entree. Ordered the cod fish and glass of lemonade. Lemonade tasted fresh but was hella TART. Folks please squeeze less lemon and add some sugar. the cod surprisingly was simmered in soup with a paste on top. I dunno, $25 for the fish in soup at a place so talked about, i just wasn't feeling it. My friend bought the pasta( tostalingo) and wasn't impressed either. I certainly chalked this restaurant off my list and if some day, if a miracle occurs and I start eating pork i will definitely head up here to try the famous pork chops. Until than, I am over my NOPA crush
I'm in Nopa right now.. That's how much I love this place!!!!!!! If you live in SF and have never been here... Something is wrong. If you don't live in SF, then this is a good reason to visit.
UPDATE! This place has really come a long way in the past year or so. I come here so often, they would also know my drink if I had one here. That's tough though because all of their cocktails are so fantastic that it's hard to get the same thing every time. The food and the service have also come a long way. I have yet to be disappointed in anything I have had. Way to step it up guys! NOPA has become one of my favorites.I went here with a good friend and sat at the bar. Agreed on the disproportianted nature of the food to wine. However, everything that we did have was good...not great. The bartender was very educated on his wine and offered us tasters. Much appreciated! Overall I had a great time there. There is a that lively bustle of a new restaurant and it's nice to see the neighborhood crowd properly represented. Go for the drinks and vibe. They're both solid. However the food is good but by no means something to write home about. Once the menu gets worked out and perfected, this place will be on point. Worth a try!
This might be a very bold statement but I think Nopa is my favorite restaurant in San Francisco. Everything about this place is spot on. The drinks are amazing... the bartenders know their stuff!! The food is incredible! I've never had anything there that I wouldn't order again but my favorite is their beet appetizer (they change it up often) and the burger! Seriously, it's the best burger I've ever had... they use local, grass fed beef so you know it's high quality. The bun can make or break a burger in my opinion and this one is perfect. My boyfriend lives 2 blocks from the restaurant so we end up here regularly. I would definitely recommend a reservation if your party is more than two. Even for two, a resi is a good idea but we've gotten lucky getting seats at the bar whenever we've gone in. Also, I've never been for brunch but I've heard it's just as good as their dinner is. I plan on heading over there one weekend very soon to try it out myself!
I've been to NOPA a million times and not once have they failed me. For the past six months or so it's been all about the pork chop. Last night was no exception. We sat at the bar as it was packed on a Sunday night after 9! We didn't care where we sat, as we were starving. So, we sat at the bar. We ordered the cauliflower soup, the cod, a broccoli side dish and the always perfect pork chop. Their soups are always great- simple purees with just a drizzle of that amazingly tasty olive oil. The cod was good too- served with a dressed arugula salad and lentils. The fish was moist and tasty and went perfectly with everything else on the plate. We weren't crazy about the broccoli, which came dressed in a thick egg dressing, but hey, who's perfect. And finally, the pork chop- juicy, flavorful and delicious. We ended with an Irish Coffee, which we've been getting the last few visits. The coffee was great- served by french press and a fresh dollup of cream on top. The strange part was that it was served in a glass-- with no handles! How are you supposed to sip on hot coffee that's in an equally hot glass? Maybe it was for aesthetics, so you can see the cream melt into the coffee. Anyway.... What else do I love about NOPA? Their creative and classic cocktails are always so refreshing. There are plenty of seating options, so even on a crazy night you wouldn't have to wait long-- if at all-- if you opt for the communal table, the bar or the chef's counter. The people are always nice. The food is always good. They are open late so when my boyfriend get's off work at 11 or 12 we can still have a nice dinner together. And last, but not least, they are just a mere couple blocks away from me.
I'm review 602 for this place. If you haven't figured out yet that you need to go here NOW, well, that's one more chance for me to snag a reservation.
my boyfriend ordered the rabbit last night at midnight. i had to try it, but it was still bunny rabbit. i kept thinking about my pet bunny i had when i was 6, "jessica rabbit", and how she lay stiff and lifeless in her cage. it was heartbreaking. but rabbit taste a lot like chicken. who eats rabbit at midnight? only weird people like my boyfriend who serves chicken gizzards on his secret menu at his restaurant...so i've come to the conclusion that nopa has 40 servers serving tables all at once. i mean i felt like we had 3 different servers and 2 bus boys and 3 front of the house guys. it was midnight for god sakes and all of them had the energy of an obsessive compulsive 5 year old. and I LOVED every second of it! i went to the bathroom and when i came back, my napkin magically was folded nicely and put back on the table.i noticed they changed the menu since the last time i ate there. i got the cucumber salad which was light and just what i needed to end the evening. p.s. did you ever notice that nopa has rectangles all over the place?
I'm rounding my 3.5 rating up to a four.They only take same-day reservations starting at 2pm. I tried calling, but the line was busy for an hour and by that time, just a 9:30pm ressie was available. The only option was to come in and stalk the people at the bar or the communal table. We didn't have to wait that long for our spot at the bar. Two drinks in, and we were seated--a smart strategy since restaurants make the bulk of their cash thru cocktails and wine. That said, the drinks are good. Love the Blue Bottle martini and the extensive wine list. The menu is more varied than you'd expect. Definitely fresh/seasonal and well prepared. I guess it's American/California comfort food? I started with the salmon carpaccio then had the halibut over a bed of corn. The salmon was super thin and fresh. A drizzle of olive oil and salt on top made it melt in your mouth. The halibut was a generous portion, and the corn was farm fresh! I considered the chicken, but didn't feel like dealing with bones and skin. My friend got the Little Gem salad, which instead of big croutons that tear up the roof of your mouth had small crumbs of croutons. For dessert we got the peach crisp and the baked alaska. Good, but not standout. I could skip dessert next time.The space used to be a laundry mat so it feels vast--even when packed with people. The ceiling is tall with big wooden beams. The kitchen is exposed and the bar is long. The staff is friendly and the service is timely and attentive.
ok SO! I was sorta avoiding this place for a while b/c I thought it was just the new trendy spot- i had heard from EVERYONE how great this place was (seriously everyone!) and so when we were deciding where to go eat last sunday night we figured we'd give it a shot. Bare in mind that whenever the expectation bar is set somewhere btwn the moon and stars its gonna be hard for said expectations to be met. i sorta wish ppl just said it was "good" or "OK" then it most likely woulda rocked my world but i was expecting it to be orgasmic i guess. i give it the 1st * for being super busy, we did not have reservations but they graciously accommodated us promptly. I give it the 2nd* for doing a great job on remodeling the old bank of america building- and the 3rd* for the bartender who made a martini right! (not easily done unfortunately)...the food was mediocre at best! my salad was waaay over dressed. the service? well... she was nice and polite and didnt hover or bug us but on the flip side she didnt really tend to us very much either- we were two and she sat 4 right next to us about 15 mins after us- they were served the entres and were done with them before i looked at our waitress sorta crossed eyed like "where the fak is our food"?? before she went on a treasure hunt to find our main course- the fish was undercooked and stinky (read : rushed and not fresh)..i decided to give it another shot last night b/c i was meeting friends and well, they were already there- pretty much the same experience.i wont try it for the 3d time.
Well done interior here makes the food taste better! Ceiling is open and we got a special seat in the mezzanine which looked down over the bar. NOPA uses local produce and meat from Marin Sun Farms, taste the freshness! Not too many places are open on Monday so go then, but you still have to make a reservation or else plan to hang outside with the smokers.
Great space, neato decor. Again, loud. Maybe i'm just old now and am in denial. Food pretty good, tad overpriced. Liked the fries.Main reason I'd return is to hang out at the bar and drink myself silly with the old cubans.
Like the communal table. Love the cocktails. Food is good, although the menu serves what everyone else seems to have . That said, I thought their warm goat cheese beet salad was great. Our neighbors had the sardines and we had food envy because it looked much better than our calamari, that was seriously bland and disappointing. Service is good. prices are mid-to-good. Location is blocks from my friend's house where I stay when I am in the city (another bonus!). I will go back, but this is not a top 10 place. For such a "foodie" city, I know San Francisco can do better.
Great restaurant in a spot that needs just the thing. The long bustling bar overlooks the entire restaurant that features some booths right in the middle of the main room and seemed like the best seats in the house. Our waiter was very efficient and knowledgable and service was prompt and professional. All dishes from appetizers to desserts were nicely presented and really tasty. Dishes served around us to other diners also looked really interesting. This place gets loud and can make regular conversation a bit difficult at times.
Ok, Another review for Nopa.I went here for my 2 year anniversary with my husband on Sunday and I wish I could remember our servers name because I wanted to compliment him personally.We were seated immediately-with reservations- at the best table on the second floor with a view of the bar craziness below.The place was packed but service was outstanding. Our server chilled the champagne we brought and did not bring it to our table until it was ready-nice.We ordered 2 appetizers, the little fish and the flatbread-both awesome.I mentioned how I loved anchovies (because the fried fish reminded me of them) and the server brought us olive-oil poached anchovies-just because. Our two entrees- the Halibut and the the Lamb we wonderful.The whole experience left me very happy, full and satisfied. I can't wait to go back.
I had dinner with some friends here a couple weeks ago. Though the atmosphere was nice, and the food was good, I felt more of an emphasis on image than food. I expected to be blown away by my dinner and I wasn't. It was good food, just be aware you're also paying to see and be seen.
I've been in a bit of a Yelp rut lately, not finding any place to excite me enough to shake off the rust and write a review. Nopa changed all that last night (I'm also procrastinating at work). A friend and I decided to grab a bite, and were heading for one of my old standards in the neighborhood (EOS--always great). We were driving down Divis and passed by Nopa--there was a spot right in front. We pulled an illegal U-turn and decided to see if we could get in. Miraculously, there was a table for 2 ready. The hostess was friendly and funny--a definitely plus. We sat down, and service began immediately--I ordered a Sazerac, and it was great (maybe I had a few more, thanks for bringing the guilt, mom). The vibe was just right for the neighborhood--it is the type of place you could visit in uber-casual clothes or a suit (read: my kind of place). Then the food came. Everything, I mean everything, we ordered was terrific. I had the pork, my friend had the Halibut. We also had several apps that were great. Our server was attentive and incredibly helpful, but it went even beyond that. She was a great addition to the meal, which is so rare at most restaurants no matter the quality. And did I mention how great the food was? It has all been said before, but I'll say it again, Nopa is a gem. I want to eat there again, and very soon. I can't believe I live so close and this was my first visit. Get yourself to Nopa, you won't be sorry!
I had been meaning to try Nopa for quite a while. First impression of the place is that its a real impressive layout, two story but not claustrophobic atmosphere. We decided to sit at the counter by the kitchen which was amazing because we were right next to the food prep and we could see all the food go from preparation to service. We got the Nopa burgers, because of their fantastic reputation and they lived up to it. Although they were enormous (my boyfriend and I could have easily split one plate including the fries, they were really tasty with pickled onions which were very interesting. Fries were crisp and delicious. The drinks were seriously plentiful, great friendly service, with our waiter helping my boy pick a rye whiskey he would like from the extensive list. And we got out , with two drinks each and two burgers for 70 bucks. A little more pricey then a place in the mission, but Nopa is totally worth it. One more added benefit is that they are a stone's throw from the Independent so after our meal we caught a fantastic show. Will definately return.
One word...StinchyThat is how I felt after my dinning experience at Nopa.I must start this with the fact that the flavors themselves were great. Nice crisp, robust flavors. The dishes were just lacking. For starters we had the "Asparagus, Prosciutto, Parmesan Flat bread." The bread itself was nice and fluffy yet crisp seasoned perfectly... but... I don;t know if I observe these things only because I am in the industry but really I am shocked that they serve these things.. sorry I got side tracked. The bread was topped with the thinest slices of ham I have ever seen they were practically invisible, you could see the bread right trough them, than was was called asparagus was actually the bottoms of the spears cut into little discs and sprinkled over the bread. On their sides menu the have asparagus spears, so this left my to come to the conclusion that they save the spears for that side and use the bottoms on the bread. I know food cost is at the top of a chef's mind but really this was a little absurd and left me feeling ripped of.My friend had the London broil for her entree. This was the winner at the table, the steak a little chewy but London broil is a hard cut to work with. Although the mash potatoes with superb.I had the "Rotisserie Chicken." I am a sucker for rotisserie chicken. The chicken it self was delicious, super moist and flavorful. The part of the dish that left me disenchanted was the side, a couple of sprigs of frisee and that was it. $20 something dollars for a half a chicken and a some frisee that I might add wasn't even dressed in anything. Please.The room itself is beautiful and I hope works for them because I live in the neighborhood.
pros: -4 star locavore-ish food @ 3 star prices-cool interior-crowd is sf 30s/40s professionals into wine and adventure travelcons:-crowd is sf 30s/40s professionals into wine and adventure travel-you will wait to eat. even if you score a twosie at the communal, you will wait to order, wait to drink, wait to butter your bread, etc. that's ok, tho, because everything is so good when it finally arrives.-it's loud as fuck. it's a great excuse to get a little closer to that dude/minx in town from the LA/NY/CHI office. also, it gives you a nice long taxi ride back to downtown to try to seal the deal, sporto.
I really like NOPA a lot. I live in the neighborhood, and it is great to have this restaurant a few blocks away. I am sure this is going to be a neighborhood staple for many years to come if it isn't already. The first time I went, I had the burger. Now I get NOPA burger cravings every few weeks and have to go back. Awesome. The flatbread is also great, and the atmosphere is really cool and the service has always been great - Casual, friendly, relaxed, knowledgeable about what they are serving.  Great for a neighborhood restaurant. Not so sure that people are going to be coming from other parts of the city to check it out, but if they do, I'm sure they'll be impressed.
Great food, drinks & atmosphere. Had high expectations given all the great reviews and wasn't disappointed. The flatbread and pork chop were just delicious! Can't wait to come back!
As you can see im a late eater. to find a place like nopa is awesome!! So we started with warm goat cheese spread with baby beets. hit the spot. then we both had the burgers which were delicious. Now dessert wasnt terrible. but ive recently worked with an amazing pastry chef and she has jaded me :( i mean her dessert were WOW so comparing her open face ice cream sandwhich with nopas which was a mexican hot chocolate ice cream sandwhich was good i guess. over all always trying to make my way to nopa
I love the food and wine list here. Living so close, I should go there more often, even if it is east of the panhandle. EPA wouldn't be a good name though. WAD wouldn't be a good name either, but it is in the western addition.
This is my new favorite restaurant in San Francisco. Everything I ate was well prepared, tasty and seasoned just perfectly. I had the Early Girl Tomato soup and the braised lamb shank. Both had great flavor. My cousin had the country pork chop which was superb. Service was good too.
This place is where all those in the restuarant business come to hang after work. They serve good food until at least 1:30am. Its a cool place, with a great big bar and solid atmosphere..
Outstanding service and food. please eat here. Ask to eat upstairs so you can watch what goes on in the kitchen for added fun.
We went to NOPA last night. Food = delicious. I shared four small plates with a friend. Our favorite was the seared broccoli with lemon and anchovy. The anchovy was subtle and actually quite delicious (this is coming from a non-fish fan). I love lemon, and it was definitely there.I drank a Pirata and it was AWESOME. Not too sweet, lots of complex flavors, and it let you taste the alcohol (which you want to because it is high quality). The bar is impressive, to say the least. I would meet friends here if I lived nearby. Seems like a pretty social bar too.The service was EXCELLENT. I don't normally review service, but It was quietly formal. What I mean by this is the serving staff quickly delivered food and cleared the table without fuss, but were happy to stop and exchange a few words before they headed to the next table. We never had to wait too long for anything.We sat in the loft, which was fun because you can spy on the open kitchen (seems like open kitchens are hot in the restaurant biz right now), and the socialites at the bar.Next time, I'd like to get in at the communal table... looks fun! Reservations are probably necessary. Dress = look decent.
What is not to love? I want to move to their neighborhood, just so I can eat there more often. The fish soup is transcendental. So simple, but so comforting. Cocktails are killer. Jeff and his staff are so accomidating. This place really clicks. Anytime I have friends from out of town visit, this is the first place we go.
The Best Pork Chops EVA: They have a fantastic communal table where I met a great group of Irish friends and a couple of guys who followed my advice on the pork chops, which were AMAZING. They sear two pork chops in a mustard-seed sauce, grill slices of fresh peaches, and then place the whole thing on a bed of wild greens and black olives. I drank an Old Cuban (a dainty version of the Mojito) with it and discovered how much joy could be wedged into an hour and a half. Cheers, and go with my blessing!
Good food and drink, but insufferable yuppie clientele runs wild here; no rule for bar seating except the law of the jungle. (Some places do have lists, to replace the clawing with order and justice.) It's finally not worth all the hassle even for a good burger.  This place is the Zuni of the 80s; I can't wait until fashion passes it by.
very good food but i have to say nopalito is slightly better
Went to NOPA last week, and I gotta say, while it's still a little rough around the edges, it shows much, much promise. Good energy! We sat at the bar, ate some appetizers (Pizzetta, Fritti, both good) and had some excellent drinks, and the tab was really reasonable. Not taking reservations when I checked, but they're gonna have to... The big community table at the front looks like fun!Welcome to the hood!
the wine is excellent! The staff is knowledgeable. I love love their fish entrees as well as the olives! Great atmosphere!
So many reviews on Nopa and so little time to read them all but here are my two cents on our dinner at Nopa.We arrived on time for our 8:30pm reservation however the hostess informed us that our table will be ready in a short moment. We have a very pregnant friend who is due in about 2 weeks but she did not offer any seats to her during our wait. We were seated 15 mins later. I noticed that our table was ready for a few minutes but she seemed distracted when 3 of her friends(?) or people she knew walked in and continued chatting with them. Another hostess was on hand and the she walked us to the table.We sat and placed our drinks and appetizer orders. The flatbread was delicious and had enough bacon and caramelized onions on it unlike other Yelper's experience. The nine hour bolognese of creamy polenta was delicious too and had enough meat sauce with it. The roasted sardine was ok but a lil on the fishy side. I've read about the ribs and lamb from other reviews however, they weren't on the menu so I settled for the fish stew, bf had the pork chop and friends had grass fed hamburger and rotisserie chicken. I had a tasting of the pork chop and it was tender and yummy. My friend finished the chicken to its bones so I guess it's a good sign. My fish stew was tasty, reminded me of a french bouillabaisse. Hearty and was great to be able to dunk in the piece of french loaf to absorb the stew.The wait time between appetizer and main entree was a tad too long and the server forgot the second orders of beer and apologized later and also mentioned that the keg ran out and they had to refill. Service was a lil spotty overall.For dessert, we all shared the choc pot de creme, doughnut holes with chocolate sauce and Sticky Toffee Pudding Cake and Whipped Cream. the pudding cake was a lil on the dry side but the chocolate pot de cream and doughnut holes were delightful! We were stuffed from the entreee but managed to finished every last morsel of the dessert.Overall a great dining experience despite the lil glitches. Really nice space and great interior.
re-review: my third time at nopa was the best. heres everything!-warm goat cheese with beets and frisee. still delicious, of course-pisco sour. a different drink, thats for sure, mainly because of the egg white and a few drops of the ingredient that i forget from a dropper on top.-sidecar. a friend had this drink, and it was strong rum taste, but not too sweet! surprising for a drink with a sugared rimat the table...-the grenache-syrah ive had before by the glass. i had to write it down this time, cause i need a bottle. its freaking amazing. its 'grenache-syrah mouirverde pavane vacqueyras 2006 la bastide saint vincent'. i have no idea what most of that means.-calamari with english peas, preserved meyer lemon, dill, and some other stuff. this was so amazing. almost didnt order it, because of the usual expected calamari, but this came out so perfect. not fried, and placed on top of this little heap of spring green goodness.-gem lettuce salad with parma flakes, radishes, bread crumbs, and creamy dressing. this was just an absolutely perfect salad. pefect lettuce and dressing combo, much better than the dry, herby salad i had here last time-seared halibut with mushrooms, spinach?, fava beans, some other stuff. what a perfectly seared piece of fish, with burnt crusty sides and a flaky interior, paired with a soupy moat of other ingredients.-shell pasta with fennel sausage, english peas, parma etc. almost everything had english peas or fava beans, or something green. what a freaking excellent way of representing spring. perfect pasta and sausage that was sparse and amazing, leaving me wanting much more.dessert: in a world of its own-sopaipillas with burnt orange caramel. this is the second best dessert ive ever had. little doughnut pillows with sugaryness on the outside. drizzle the caramel on top and savor. jesus christ what bliss.-blue bottle coffee french press. the perfect thing to have after one of these doughnut things.-some gin cocktail with bitters and grapefruit. also excellent paired with the citrus in the desserts!-burnt honey creme brulee, smoked tea shortbread, meyer lemon marmalade. yep, this is the best dessert ive ever had. no joke. the creme brulee had a perfect glass top, with crunchy burnt honey shards mixing together with a smooth custard. on top, a sweet marmalade to mix with these. dip the little shortbread in the creme and you have perfection. chase with some blue bottle, the rest of your grapefruit cocktail, and you have the best dinner possible. i exaggerate a lot, but not today!also, i think nopa has the best waitstaff in the city. they are engaging and friendly, knowledgable, and opinionated (a good thing). follow their advice on what is good. the atmosphere is great too, and who cares if its loud cmon...oh, the couple next to us hated our table cause we were loud and crass. i apologize...right in your eye! hah!
Amazing flatbreads and appetizers. will go back for a full on dinner.
I took my mom here as the menu offered a number of vegetarian options to consider. We were absolutely delighted with the result. The night before we dined at Greens and Nopa's food was significantly more flavorful and appealing to me. We tried the tangine and a beet salad and some fries with a tasty dipping sauce. The real treat was a curious mojito that was green. I still cannot figure out how they made it green, but I would order it again!! I cannot wait to go back to this place. Reservations are a must, but we waited a bit to be seated, even with the first seating. It was fun to enjoy a cocktail at their community table while we waited.
We splurged a bit, but it was truly an amazing experience! The building and decor is simple, yet elegant. Very aesthetically pleasing from beginning to end. I almost felt pampered. So many decadent things to pick from on the menu. The warm goat cheese, beets and frisee on crostini was the perfect way to start the meal. The pork chop my boyfriend ordered was the best that either of us had ever tasted. Ever. The steak I ordered was cooked perfectly tender. I had my first Manhattan on this night and that was amazing as well. I was so impressed from the cute little snap pea with mint cream sauce and sea salt on a little terra cotta dish that was brought out first, to the beet appetizer, the helpful and friendly server, the delicious main courses and the 2 fancy Manhattans with the most delicious cocktail cherries i have ever tasted. I continue to be very impressed by this place. There was no room for dessert, but I WILL be back.
Had a blast here, although a warning: this is only a restaurant for people who know about and care about food. Anyone else is not going to get it and probably walk away disappointed paying top dollar for roasted chicken or a hamburger.
i've been accused by some yelpers of being overcritical and not liking a thing just for the sake of being contrary. to those people i say, you're all idiots.had the carrot soup and giant beans, then the pan-seared black cod. my date had the chicken. everything was really good. solid. familiar yet with a twist that made each dish taste more special. i'd call this home-style comfort food a step above what you would make at home. i could eat here every night.the waitstaff - haven't seen this many beautiful young boys since pop scene circa 1998. unfortunately they all paid more attention to my husband than to me and i'm not half-bad looking for an old dame. (sigh.) despite their youth they are remarkably competent.the elderberry cocktail was refreshing and a little too easy to drink - i can see downing 3 of them very quickly. bartender, we need more vodka!the donut holes were a-maz-ing.one star off because the noise level is truly excruciating. soundproofing anyone?
Great service. Nice waiters. Sweet girl at reception. but Horrible food. Everything was SUPER-GREASY !!  Negative points for originality.And that too on a Saturday night. We decided to make a meal of the starter plates.. The warm goat cheese was nothing great and the bread was dripping in butter. Sardines were allright.. Couldn't really taste the olive tapenade on the top. Ribs were NOT good. Very very greasy.. Flat bread was lacking in flavor and again dripping with oil. For these prices, is the sous-chef even tasting the food he's sending out ? I've heard the entrees are good.
I liked this place. It's in my old neighborhood and it's good to see a good, quality restaurant has moved into that area. The atmosphere is awesome...I really like the high ceilings. The waiter was SUPER nice and very accomodating. The food was perfect w/ the wine we selected. I would definitely go back to NOPA...especially for the flat bread!
You can tell a lot about a restaurant by its bar and bartenders. About Nopa, I'll just say: Elderflower gimlet. Whoa.
I've enjoyed three meals at this restaurant. The only drawback is how packed it always is. Liked the halibut with corn and cherry tomatoes, the Mediterranean seafood stew, the crisp, the blackberry crostada, and the Wash House (a basil gimlet). Also especially like the lamb sausage flatbread and the fact that you can get it until 1am every night.Recent visit: really nice cucumber salad, also liked the house manhattan. It was late on Friday, sat near the end of the bar, things seemed a little messy? I know it's a bar, but a nice place such as this should keep things clean.
GREAT place! Food is unusual and excellent. You've never tasted better lima beans or squash. Doesn't matter what you have - it will be well prepared, attractive and tasty. If alone, sit at the Chef's counter and watch all the preparation and chat with the chef/owner. Prepare for a long wait on weekends unless you have a reservation.
This place definitly has ambiance, a cool crowd, great drinks and friendly staff. The menu is a little small.. but they do offer a great selection of half bottles of wine, which I like if I'm in the mood for a good glass of wine but want to try something other than the house selections. I had a good experience here, but not a great one. Can't really put my finger on why. I think if I lived in the area, I'd probably go back, but since I don't I'm not so sure I'll be returning. I'd have to say my favorite thing about this place is the atmosphere.
What an amazing place. The food is remarkable and the service outstanding. I love the big table in the front where you can get a seat even if you don't have a reservation. Was there the other night when a man somehow knocked over his red wine glass so that it broke on the table and spilled wine on a woman's dress. I was so impressed by how the wait staff handled that nightmare. The pork chop is incomparable and I love the calamari appetizer - so tender and tasty. The mixed drinks are very fun and creative. Can't recommend too highly.
i guess i had high expectations coming in about the place. don't get me wrong... the food was REALLY good. i loved the pork chop i ordered. however, our service was pretty awful. not only was it pretty slow, the waitress was very curt with us, maybe because we only ordered entrees and no drinks or apps. still, attitude is unnecessary. it was difficult to get her attention throughout the night. and she spilled water all over the table when pouring it.also, it IS really difficult to park (took me 15 min) so come early, or take a cab/muni.
I'd heard a ton of great reviews on this place and was not disappointed. Food and service were top notch. When we arrived for our reservation, they didn't have our name down (we had called 411 to get the phone number, and were given the number for a restaurant called "Nova," so beware!). Even though it was a Friday night and the place was packed, they apologized for the mix-up and brought us a drink. We only waited for about half an hour and they had a table for us. To start we had the flat bread with bacon, apples, Gruyere and arugula... it was delicious and was big enough to be a meal! My only gripes are the noise level (deafening!) and the crazy homeless guy who came into the restaurant and started screaming in the middle of our meal. All in all a great place I'll definitely come back to.
I loved Lawrence Jossel at Chez Nous. Loved him. Loved him when he channeled Gary Danko and talked about cooking with love, loved everything he cooked. That gnocchi over sliced pears? Lamb chops with sel de levende? (Sel de levende changed my life.) So I felt the rush of a crush when I heard about Nopa. I wanted to love it because, as I said, I love Lawrence Jossel. Like a brother of course. But I've tried Nopa, and I've tried it, and I can't find the love. Maybe it's the feng shui of the place. I don't feel it. (But I still love Lawrence Jossel. He's like the 25 cent martinis at Commander's Palace in Vegas. Can't be ignored. And the people at Nopa were very nice. And I did have an extraordinary wine from Chile that tasted like a very fancy and expensive Spanish wine (I'm big into Spanish wines these days), but it was only fancy, and not expensive.)
Loved it! Me and my husband recently moved to SF and after 'reviewing' a tonne of reviews and then asking around we finally decided on Nopa to meet some friends for dinner. Since there was a wait of about 45 mins we hung out at the bar.The bartender was awesome , very prompt service and oh! the drinks. I had the Old Cuban which was a champagne version of a Mojito..to die for!!!! the calamari was great, while the entrees were average, the dessert....OMG the toffee cake..MUST MUST HAVE!!! unbelievable (almost as good as my favorite tres leches pudding at DeLissio..yum yum). Would go back, not much for the food but, definitely for the drinks and desserts!
Loved it! The goat cheese appetizer was super tasty, as was the pasta dish I had. I can't remember the name but it was a tubular pasta like a rigatoni in a creamy tomato sauce with awesome sausage. (I usually don't like sausage) I went to Nopa at 10:30 on a Thursday night and loved the scene and the energy. Can't wait to go back.
i'm kinda torn on how to rate NOPA. the food was great. the service, while friendly, was slow. the atmosphere is cool but loud. i think what it boils down to is whether i would wanna come back to hang out here and try some more stuff and the answer to that is yes!when we first got in, we decided to check out the cocktails at the bar. we looked at the menu and decided that we're not gonna get anything and just wait for the rest of our party to show up. when we told the bartender that we're not gonna get anything, he gave us this weird look like "why the hell won't you get anything" and then proceeded to tell his colleague that we weren't ordering anything. the colleague had the same look of bewilderment. um, last time i checked, it's ok for someone to show up at a bar and NOT order anything. anyways, it could've thrown off my feeling for the place but i figured it was worth noting.ok, on to the food. we all shared the baked giant white bean app in a tomato, oregano sauce topped w/ breadcrumbs. we asked for feta on the side as i didn't want it at all though one of our friends wanted it! we all really enjoyed the dish and we felt that the breadcrumbs added that nice lil crunch that made the dish that much better. for entrees, i had the pork chop, the wife had the moroccan veggie tagine and our friends had the chicken and the baked pasta. i must say that my pork chop was outstanding. incredibly juicy and flavorful and the complimenting candied yam added a whole lot to the flavor party. i'd go back here just for this dish! the wife enjoyed the tagine and was happy that there was a yogurt sauce w/ it as she felt it would've been overly tomato-y otherwise. our friends enjoyed their dishes quite a bit too.for desserts, the wife and i split the sopaidillas (fried dough basically) w/ a honey butter sauce and our friends split the trio of sorbet. i for one really enjoyed our dessert and could drink the sauce all by its lil own self. the sorbet didn't seem like it hit home though.for beverages, i got the hopf weissbeer which i can only describe as a very mild wheet beer. it was alright but i wouldn't go gaga over it. the wife had 2 glasses of the poulsard-gamay which she was very very happy with! i had a taste it was darn good!for the service, it was like i said friendly but slow. we had a very nice albeit slow waiter help us out. the one thing that stuck out about the service is that they were very slow between courses and even when coming by w/ our bill. this was offset, though, by the fact that they were very friendly and not at all pretentious.overall, i see how this place is packed daily. it's got a cool bar area and a great local feel to it. the food is excellent and you can have a great time w/ people there. though remember to speak up when you're having a conversation. it's quite loud in there!
First I wanted to hate this place- harbinger of gentrification that it is. Then the yuppie in me wanted chi chi cocktails and late night bites and I wanted to love it. No dice. I've been there twice. The first time the server recommended the "fries with eyes" which turned out to be MUSHY. The second time I came the medium burger was totally raw. Roasted pepper aioli with ok fries?! Is this a NEW restaurant? Beautiful digs, good late hours, terribly loud and unimaginative food.
ok, why do i feel like my reviews don't even matter anymore!! 605 reviews already for nopa??? geezus.well, it's damn good. damn good all around-- damn good service, damn good food, damn good drinks, and actually damn good atmosphere too.  probably the best new place i've tried in a while. first of all, loved my drink, apparently it's quite popular according to the bartender, and for good reason. it was the elderflower gimlet. mmm yum! then for food-- had the cucumber salad with picked beets. okay, i had no idea a cucumber salad could be so exciting, but it was. super delicious! then had the country pork chop with nectarines and it was AMAZING!! super super awesome... the combination of flavors was perfect. finally had the chocolate pudding cake. it was good, but i would say it wasn't as amazing as everything else. the dinner was definitely the standout. all in all, a wonderful restaurant. highly recommended.
Two words: Pork Chop. My heart is sold! Also, I've never been disappointed with a soup at this place. It isn't the place to go to make you feel like Mr. and Mrs. Number one ... recognize the hours ... this is an industry spot, respect it for what it is and let us industry people be happy with simplistic but well done food :)
Hated it. Rude service and the food was mediocre at best.
One of the best places to get a great vegetarian dish! The Moroccan Tagine was filled with exotic flavor and went well with the Old Cuban coctail that everyone was drinking that night. Can't say enough good things about it, but make your reservations early.
NOPA, NOPA, NOPA. I had my second dining experience here last evening. My friend and I strolled in and put our names on the list and were told the wait was an hour and a half. Bummer. Went to the bar, had two delicious drinks served by some very cute and proficient bartenders and started to feel better about the wait ahead of us. Then, 10 minutes later, 2 seats open right before us at the bar. We grab them, continue to admire the bartenders (well, probably me more than him) and delicious drinks they are concocting before us, and chat about life and, more importantly, which delicious drink to have next. The hostess comes up to inform us our table is ready (way before an hour and a half, btw) but we decline, choosing to stay close to the bartenders instead. By the end, we had consumed the aviation, elderflower gimlet, dark and stormy, and the forbidden. For me, the winner was the dark and stormy but my pal couldn't get enough of the elderflower gimlet. Every one of them was delicious.All in all, a great evening. The restaurant manages to achieve a sleek yet comfy feel all at once. The service is absolutely outstanding. I will be back to sit at the bar, watch the fabulous bartenders, and try the rest of the cocktail menu. Minus one star for the lack of vegetarian entrees. Both times I have had the Vegetable Tagine (which is great) but still, it would be nice to have one or two other options.
Love it! Great food. Extremely crowded and tough to find space and parking. But worth it.
I loved my first experience at NOPA!  What a great old bank building turned groovy restaurant!  To the meat of my comments - or rather - fish: the pan roasted halibut was exquisitly executed! The summer beans were cooked to perfection. The peppercress added the perfect bite & texture; the sauce romesco left you scheming to lick your plate in public.  The sopaipillas with honey butter sauce were cleanly fried, soft & yummy especially with Blue Bottle coffee. I can't wait to return to try the pork chop! All the top reviews are right on. A buzzing ambience; only con is that it is very loud. Perfect service by Eric.
Simply one of the best in the city. Phenomenal service, fantastic food, great cocktails, and what a wine list! I think dessert was my favorite part, and I NEVER say that. Thanks, Nopa, for treating us so well.
The space is great. The bar is actually large enough to hang at if you do not have reservations and you have to wait. The wine list is extensive, and the menu is simple but good. I started with a salad with persimmon and pomegranate and blue cheese, very tasty. I had the fish stew which was just OK, but everyone else at the table had the lamb shank, and based on previous reviews I thought this was not going to be good, but I thought it was great.  There was a ton of flavor. Very good dish. I thought the prices were very reasonable(for SF standards).
the food was alright. the service was horrible. the server was inattentive, never stopped by to see how our mains were, had to flag her down to get a second round of drinks. out of everyone's mains i thought the pork chop was definitely awesome, but everything else, (baked pasta: so so, halibut: too small a portion, chicken: lacked flavor), was terribly mediocre. which is a bummer considering how much the total bill was. as far as appetizers the mixed greens was tiny, and the pickled beets only featured 3 tiny beets, (what the?). flatbread was awesome, but the whole meal was far too inconsistent for a decent review. probably wont be going back. (it was my birthday too. sad face).
Really surprised to find a completely full restaurant with an hour plus wait on a Monday. There was definitely plenty to keep the senses active during our wait. Ended up sitting at the communal table. We were looking over the menu, trying to decide what another diner was having "the tagine - it's delicious, would you like to try it?" It was indeed. Flatbread with figs very good, wood-fired lima beans not very memorable, fried little fish and sauce needed each other, but the piquant quality of the sauce was lost as it tried to mask the fishiness. The pork chop on the other hand was brilliant. Thick, tender, moist and perfectly cooked. The service was efficient and friendly.
After numerous visits I can't find anything bad to say. It's loud and a little warm upstairs but service is great. In my opinion this restaurant is another Globe; great food, reasonable prices, open late.
A huge disappointment! I've been wanting to go here for a while and while the space is cute and the late night hours convenient, the food is kind of boring and somewhat under-seasoned. Not sure what they hype is about.
This is the type of place that tries to act very hip and posh, even to the extent where they make you wait for a table even when there's no one in the restaurant! Very silly. The food was ok, (I prefer other places for the price) but the service was SLOW. I wouldn't recommend it.
We had been wanting to try NOPA for a while and I'm sorry to say that I was a little disappointed. Even though we had reservations we had to wait a while to be seated. The service was slow and not very attentive. We waited quite a while for our first glass of water and what seemed like forever just for the appetizers. My girlfriend is a vegetarian and everything she ordered was delicious but unnecessarily heavy. I was served a charred rib eye that had a completely inedible piece of fat right through the center of it. My brother told me how great the burger is and I wish I would have just tried that. If it wouldn't have taken SO long to get our food I would have considered sending it back. But like a fool I took it and paid the bill. I would consider giving it a second try but I sure hope they have better night.
Nopa restaurant is worth going too, even with the long waits and the reservations a la French Laundry -- day of only.The ambiance, food and wait staff is delightful as is the renovation of an old san francisco bank that now houses this new, trendy, loud but quite fun restaurant.go! you will have to wait, you might linger between courses, but it is worth is all the same.delightful!Nancy Ballard
Went there for a late dinner the other night. Great timing as there were tables available. We had the olive oil poached albacore which was great and very flavorful. Flat bread w/bacon, beet & cucumber salad, and marinated squid were all very tasty. The entree that we shared was the burger which was off the hook. The fries were even better especially with the red pepper feta dip. Desserts we shared were the stone fruit gratin and the short cake w/blueberryies which were just so-so. However the server brought out some olive oil ice cream for us to taste and that was really good. Service was efficient and non-intrusive. Great experience!!
Some funky different stuff on the menu that taste great. I really liked this place. A very cool laid back type of place with no attitude. So if you on the fence on where to go eat.....do you self a favor and eat here!
We went to NOPA last night for my boyfriend's birthday and, at the last minute, his parents offered to get the bill. Hooray! He was super excited to try NOPA and we checked out the menu online before we started off, salivating all the way to the door. We had a reservation and were seated immediately - at 10.15pm on a Sunday the place was packed! A couple of minutes after we sat down, our waitress (who was friendly and helpful, if unremarkable) brought over a sample of a homemade foccaccia (sp?) with radish something -or-other on it. It wasn't super tasty, but i liked that they gave us a free tidbit. The cocktails we ordered were the Derby (me) and the Sazerac (Max). Mine was an awesome twist on a Manhattan, featuring the new-to-me liqueur? digestiv? Benedictine and a burnt orange peel. I loved it and have vowed to track down the ingredients. Max also liked his Sazerac, which was similar to a Manhattan also, except, featuring Pernod, was sweeter and more anise-y. The appetizer we chose was the crostinis with goat cheese and pickled beets, which was heavenly! I thought I didn't really like beets, but their earthiness was a great accompaniment to the tartness of the cheese (and it was beautiful how the beet colors bled onto the whiteness) and also seemed mellowed by the pickling. For dinner, I got the seafood stew and Max ordered the blackened cod with a side of polenta; despite our fish selections, we went with a half bottle of Pinot Noir to drink (the vintner started with an H, but i can't recall the name).The entrees came about ten minutes after we'd finished our appetizers, which seemed right on track, with the wine being served in the interim. The wine was good and bold without being too heavy; the polenta was lovely, with a cream of wheat consistency and olive oil and curls of parmesan on top; and both entrees were phenomenal. Usually one of us is jealous of the other's food, but we were both more than content with our own dishes, although we sampled each other's liberally. My stew was expertly seasoned and involved tomato broth with a little cream, a vegetable that resembled the bottom of bok choy (but probably wasn't), potatoes, scallops, calamari, and a couple of types of fish that I couldn't identify (halibut? tilapia? cod?) but which were mild and cooked to flaky perfection. And served with a big piece of toast that I suspect Tartine produced. Max's cod, served with wilted greens and green lentils, was indeed blackened on the outside and was "Really! Melty in the mouth!" as he put it. It made me want to try my hand at cod.After we ate what we could -- half of each meal -- we peeked at the dessert menu. We were, to our mutual dismay, too full for more solids, but ordered after-dinner cocktails. He got the Blue Bottle martini (which sounded way too intense to me) and i got the Trident: akavit, peach bitters, and sherry. Both were good, but the Blue Bottle martini (sweetened iced espresso with vodka) was outstanding and surprisingly smooth. The bill came to what seemed like a very reasonable $126 before tip. We stumbled, full, drunk and happy (me: "When we have more dollars, let's go to NOPA every day!"), into a taxi with a north African driver who alternately insisted that we get married ("She is in love with you, man! I can tell! You better marry her!") and warned that women can never be pleased: "I gave that woman everything but my head in the ten years we were married! And she still divorced me! Maybe you don't get married...." Awww. How bittersweet. Like the Derby cocktail.
This is a 3.5 star rating. Oh, I really wanted to love it, especially after all of the hype. The inside is beautifully done. The service was good. The food was good -- not great. The white bean appetizer was different than anything I'd seen, which was cool, and it was good. The halibut was good. The pork was very good. It's a solid restaurant and I'd definitely go back. It's not a knockout, but it's cool that this neighborhood is getting some interesting new places.
The atmosphere at NOPA is great-lively atmosphere, high ceilings. Sitting along the railing on the second floor allows you a good view of what is going on below. We are giving it 3 stars because it was our first meal there and we were both satisfied but not overly wowed. The pork chop was good; the rotisserie chicken was also delicious. They make some great cocktails.
I went here prepared to be impressed. Boy, was I disappointed. The food was mediocre. Everyone kept telling me what a great burger they have and I love a good burger so I tried it. It was tiny, overcooked and cost $13.50! My husband's pasta was pretty darn boring. The wait staff seemed distracted and uninterested and generally unhelpful. I don't think I will be back.
me and my wife had dinner there last night for her bday and we had a grrreeeaat time.  we had ressies for 8pm but they were able to accomodate us coming in earlier. the service was great. attentive and knowledgeable staff. we never felt rushed one bit even though there was a crowd of people waiting for a table.and the communal sinks were cool. anyone leaving the bathroom without stopping at the sinks to wash their hands is automatically busted. filthy animals!the food was awesome. every bite was perfect. we had 3 apps (gnocchi w/ ham and peas, little gems w/ ranch and deconstructed croutons, and calamari w/ chorizo in a vinegary broth) and what turned out to be THE BEST CHEESEBURGER EVER. my wife was still talking about that burger 4 hours after our meal.and i love the perfect balance of casual elegance to their decor, their furniture, their silverware. even the napkins/dish cloths were a great touch.easily one of our favorite restaurants.
Maybe I was in some sort of super dream machine that took me to this magical place NOPA, I think some other people that reviewed took the 24 Divisadero to get there. I was late and my party gave a last minute deletion to our group and there was no problem. We were in a awesome location against the wall and could hold conversations no problem. Service was quick and kind, we were all in a booze mood that night, and they kept them coming. We ordered a bunch of things that we were basically sharing and our waitress asked in what order we wanted them to be brought, I think all came out correct, i can't remember, I downed those first two delicious drinks so fast.Highlights included: the flat bread pizza, the roasted beet garbanzo skillet, the chicken was like butter, the pork chop very good, and the baked pasta, was just fair at best. Dessert was good, recommend the, oh it was something with chocolate, I was a number of drinks in at this point. Best option for dessert, their chocolate martini.Good atmosphere and one of those places that you would want to take out of town guest to because it is another one of those "only in San Francisco" places.
It's no secret that my thoughts often turn to my evening meal as most people are crawling into bed. Before I dined at NOPA, I already thought well of their late hours and full bar. I decided to let them work out the opening kinks before I visited, and my late-night foray left me quite contented.I had already had a late lunch/early dinner when the manfriend decided he was in the mood for a late night snack. I'm never one to turn down a meal so we cruised over to NOPA and were seated immediately in a nice booth. Although we were there around 1130pm, the room had a pleasant buzz about it. That being said, I can see how dining at peak times could be quite loud. An amuse of house-made focaccia with olive tapenade and some sea salt arrived as we debated over how hungry we were. I had already decided on the lamb riblets based on reviews I had read. He went with the London Broil topped with blue cheese butter accompanied by hearty greens and a very creamy delicious gratin. Unfortunately, I wasn't hungry enough to add a salad to our carnivorous mini-feast but a spicy zin helped balance things out. Although the lamb riblets were not as spicy as I would have liked, I enjoyed their rich, lamby flavor. The serving is quite large, definitely more than enough for two people especially due to their meltingly tender fatty bites. I understand that I find unctuous richness to be a bonus that others might be overwhelmed by. There was nothing revolutionary about the London Broil but it left little to complain about. Thin rosy slices of tender beef topped with a super rich blue cheese butter, yum! To hasten the coronary attack, the delectable gratin melded crisped edges with sumptuous creamy layers. Our waiter, like all other aspects of our repast, was exactly as he should have been. There when we needed him, pleasant, and I have to add that the kitchen hustled our dishes out to us with a quickness. Sea salt and personal pepper mills were nice touches. NOPA takes a place on the list of solid regular haunts.
Food was very tasty. Small portions, high prices. Very trendy.
Checked out Nopa last weekend for a drink and snack with a friend. i ordered an ideal cocktail...mmmm! then i ordered another one. highly recommended. food: we ordered the calamari....which was nothing like calamari usually is. but i was open to trying something new. when it arrived it wasn't so appetizing in appearance...calamari soaked in red wine on a big slab of bread. kinda reminded me of french onion soup. not all that. also ordered the romaine salad...again, not very appealing...bland dressing with big leaves of..well...romaine. and some sprinkled parm. crowd: well, loud ex-frat boys in suits were sitting next to us at the big 'shared' table. talking very loudy...some people there too hip for their own good. to be expected. i guess for a date it might be ok to sit upstairs. i thought the place was lit a little too brightly. service: we had a very attentive waiter, on a busy friday night...no complaints there
Dining Date: March 10, 2008Companions: Michele Carlson & Estee StevensOh NOPA, you never fail a person who is hungry and looking for a great meal. This particular visit was with my two incredible co-workers who enjoy talking about food and eating it as much as I do. The original plan was to go to Serpentine, forgetting that they are closed for dinner on Monday nights. We knew almost instinctually that NOPA would clutch this night for us. Beginning with their incredibly delicate and delicious elderflower gimlet....I was first introduced to Chef-owner Laurence and co-owners Allyson & Jeff at last year's Wine & Spirits' Top 100 event in the city. I was there representing my company with my boss ( we were the featured dessert of the evening) and the connections I made with some top culinary figures in this city were priceless. The NOPA crew featured a Spanish tortilla that evening and represented their food quite brilliantly. In fact, most everything at the restaurant is brilliant. The cheesy baked pasta dishes, the light and perfectly cooked fish dishes and of course the ever wonderous pork chop. This week I was blessed with sides of sunchokes, baby potatoes and preserved meyer lemon--it's almost like they knew I was coming. Halfway through my chop I realized how desperately I wanted to know why NOPA's pork chop stands out as far superior to any other, so I asked. For any out there who cares, they cure the meat in a brown sugar brine for two hours before cooking. Fantastic, it's definitely more like ham/bacon in the shape of a pork chop and if that is not heaven then I don't know what is.They drop the ball a little bit on the desserts but this can be forgiven by their marvelous cocktails and their mind blowing flat breads.Truly a great neighborhood place that has not only revolutionized the food scene on Divis but has single handedly renamed the entire neighborhood. With a co-worker who lives just a few doors down there is no doubt that this will continue to be a frequent destination.
I am a complete sucker for buzz. Pathetic, I know, but true. So obviously, trend required that I dine at NOPA as soon as humanly possible. "Can we get in there?" Zoe asked. "Well, they only take same day reservations and only after 2pm. So, why not?""Um, because everything I read says it's really hard to get a reservation."Whatever. I watched the clock tick by until 2 and called. Busy. 2:05. Busy. 2:07. Busy.2:11. Busy.2: 12. Busy. 2:13. Busy. 2:14. Ring, ring. OMG!"NOPA, can you please hold?""Yes!" I screamed. "Yes, I will hold!"2:18. "Hi, how can I help you?""I need a reservation for 2 people tonight.""I can only take 2 people at 6:30 or 9:30."Apparently, a lot can happen in 18 minutes. 6:30 it is. Zoe and I pretty much read the exact same fashion magazines, so we both arrived wearing what we've dubbed "Casual Urban Sophisticate." Walking into NOPA, this was clearly the appropriate attire. While getting a reservation is a ridiculous process, to their immense credit, the service at NOPA is spectacular. We were seating immediately in the middle of downstairs, surrounded by an eclectic array of patrons. Families, old folks, hipsters, trophy wives, nerdy business suit ladies, tourists, two 8 year olds chatting near the bar...everyone goes to NOPA. I also noticed the communal table near the front door and almost wished we'd opted for that. Turns out, cute guys like communal tables. While a wino, I am hardly an expert and yet, am always presented with the wine list. Beth drinks like a fish. Let her pick. Um, okay. I took a shot in the dark and went for the cheapo Desante Napa Valley Sauvignon Blanc for $33. Cool label. Great wine. Hazaa!Our server was awesome, Zoe announcing her the new lesbian crush. Gorgeous, with a warm smile and awesome tattoos, our server made us feel cool and welcome, just attentive enough to make us feel taken care of but busy enough to let us get down to gossiping. Because we're girls, we ordered a bunch of small plates, starting with the tomato salad, which was incredible. Actually, everything was wonderful. The fries, the broccoli, and man-alive, that flatbread. We had the caramelized onion, gruyere and bacon flatbread, which was pure heaven. 2 starters. 2 sides. And we were stuffed. Our bill was $68. And we were thrilled. I leaned across the table. "Okay, Zoe. I'll be the 463rd Yelper on this place. How many stars?""Three and a half." She said. "I can't do halves. Why minus stars?""It's loud."True."And it's hot."True."And the weird reservation experience. They made it seem like this huge deal to be granted a table at 4 o'clock in the afternoon.""But it's surprisingly cheap.""Yeah, especially with that great wine.""Okay. Three and a half stars. I'll up it to four when they don't make me feel like a nerd trying to get into the cool kids table in the cafeteria.""Seriously. I mean, look at our outfits..."
Had dinner at Nopa on Thursday. We didn't have a reservation and had to wait patiently for a table. Eating at the bar or communal table was an option, but didn't feel like eating with folks leaning over my back getting drinks. Yes, the bar area is PACKED.We shared the halibut and the pork chop. Both were prepared nicely, if not exceptionally. The fish was flaky and moist and was accompanied by a tasty bean salad. The pork cop was enormous. I referred to it as the 'goldilocks chop' - some bites being undercooked, some overcooked, and some just right. Overall, I think this is another nice SF restaurant among many.
Simultaneously holding down a full time job at the Pottery Barn and training for the next California Regional Double Dare League Invitational can be a time consuming experience. That's why I'm glad that places like NoPa exist. If I've just done ten rounds in the Human Hamster Wheel and followed it up with twenty laps in Lake Double Dare, the last thing I want to do is go home and cook dinner. With places like NoPa providing good food late into the night, I don't have to sacrifice either my rigorous training schedule, or my need for good food full of quality nutrients.
I can't put my finger on it, but I'll try. I just love the vibe of this place. It almost reminds me of a NYC restaurant (creative food, hip waitstaff and clientele, uptown-architecture-meets-downtown-artsy decor etc.), but it's got the warmth of a neighborhood San Francisco restaurant. I live in the neighborhood and even though I'd never been there before I felt like it was already my spot. So far I've only been there for an evening drink and munchies, but I loved the late-night atmosphere. The food was great and my date and I enjoyed just asking the bartender to surprise us and getting great drinks in return. The appetizers were great (I'll also throw in my two cents that the giant white bean with feta appetizer was amazing!). I'll definitely go back for dinner.
nopa = overhypedon a more positive note, the service was friendly after we were acknowledged. we were seated for over 10 minutes before the servers came over with our cutlery and water.also, our hostess seated us earlier than the forecasted 45 minutes. we were quite lucky to get a table after only 20 despite having no reservations on a friday night.note that it's very loud in here.my london broil was cold despite being told it was served on a hot plate. it was also overcooked; i asked for medium rare but got medium.my date's chicken dish looked very appetizing but looks can be deceiving. the chicken was also overcooked.we werent feeling the starter that we ordered - oysters with butter and bread crumbs. it tasted grainy.overall, quite a disappointing experience. you'll be hardpressed to find me going back esp as little star is also in the neighborhood.
I am IN LOVE with this place. The food, the service, the bar, everything. The food is always amazing, they change the menu often but always come up with something inventive and delicious. They have a great drink list and the ambiance is above par. The only reason this place didn't get 5 stars is it has gotten SO CROWDED...but the wait is worth is because it always hits the spot....
wow... exceeded my expectations, which is hard to do w/ all the hype they've gotten. i was really impressed and happy with the meal i had... there was a great buzz going on a tuesday night at 9pm and in general it was just a good time. i tried to wait for the "sf new restaurant buzz" to die down... you know how it is in this town... a place could serve poo poo on plywood planks and still be full every night for 6 months because everyone wants to see and be seen. but 2 years in... i think that's long enough to wait, no?!?! nopa is the real deal!the wine list was gorgeous, but i had a delicious rum cocktail (ok, ok... i had a couple of them!) and my friend and i shared the flatbread and then we had the shortribs and the black cod. i have never had black cod so well prepared... it was light and tender and almost levitated off my fork. and my friend and i were practically fighting over the shortribs... screw the whole, "oh no you have it!" politeness thing. these were just too good. service was really good, very friendly - informative and attentive but not intrusive. i'm ready to go back again tonight!
I love this place. Great industry hang-out spot too. After a long day of working in the kitchen, the last thing I want to do is cook. Nopa has perfect hours for grabbing a late night bite. I never leave unhappy and always come back with friends. Lawrence and Jeff are great guys and have always supported me in my business ventures. I'll be seeing you guys soon.
Believe the hype ya'll. I live two blocks away and have eaten here about six times and not once ad a single poor meal, drink, service experience or any qualm, which is certainly worthy of praise. First Off fuck reservations, just show up and enjoy the bar until something opens up, because rally, like Salt House, the bar is fantastic, personable, knowledgeable bartenders, I always meet people I know sipping on a Manhattan. or make new friends pushed up against the glass. The food is to die in all faculties, service and ambiance an A+, the wine list, though not as impressive as it could be, is wholly competent. and when your done with your meal you can stumble down to either the Fly Bar for a beer or to the Page bar for some Jameson shots, or the Madrone where you can mock hipsters in clothes so tight it looks like they were painted on!!
We went to Nopa last weekend and really enjoyed it. Yes, it was loud, but it's a fun atmosphere and they're open late. The service was good (although he disappeared at the end when we were looking for our check) but overall everyone was very nice. I got to meet the owners and the executive chef - they all seemed really cool. We started with the flatbread and warmed goat cheese appetizers (both delicious) and then I ordered the duck. It was cooked perfectly and well seasoned. The blackberries were a unique pairing. I especially enjoyed the wash house martini with basil and lime (I'm going to experiment with making that one at home). My husband had the pork with nectarines, which was also excellent. Lastly, I had the noyaux float with plum-armagnac syrup. It had a really nice nutty flavor and was very tasty. Yes, Nopa was a treat and I would definitely go back.
they make their soup old country style. that, consistently good food, and a free for all communal table make this place worthy of a deliciousness ranking.
exciting place with an awesome menu. good service, great food.
i was actually avoiding Nopa because when it first opened it had some questionable reviews here...and i didn't want to feel like i was "told so" if it was crap.then a couple of my gal pals arranged a dinner here for my b-day a couple nites ago and i was getting excited to go - especially since i had not even seen it and i liked the look of it.for some reason, i felt like we were in a different city - like New York or Chicago. not sure why - but i did.anyway - the food was DELICIOUS and our server was very kind and knowledgeable about both the food and wine menus. us gals like to share - so we ordered 3 starters, 2 entrees and a mashed potatoes.we started with the warm olives (always a tasty treat - and a perfect dipping pool for the bread!), the goat cheese + little toasts with beets (hail to the beet!! in all it's pretty colors!!). it was a colorful, tasty, light dish. then we had the flatbread with bacon and caramelized onions and Gruyere. holy delicious treat - this was so flippin good. tastes were exploding in my mouth (i love bacon!!).for the entrees we ordered the Moroccan vegetable tagine and the pork chop. and what a good mix of flavors and styles. the pork chop = which i frequently order out - was divine. it was presented very simply = and it almost looked kinda boring - but it was extremely tasty. and the mashed pots were a perfect accompaniment (in fact - they should be the side dish). the tagine was lovely too with the lemon yogurt.basically, we stuffed ourselves silly and didn't have an inch of room for a dessert. which was a bummer cuz the menu looked divine. next time!
Blue Bottle Martini. I'd go to NOPA just for this dessert drink and I am not even into dessert. But for this delicious espresso, cocoa liquor, vodka concoction, I will indulge. As the foodie I am, I often eat, pick, lick every bit of food off my plate. So, even will a full tummy, I can still make room for dessert with the Blue Bottle Martini. Or is this just an excuse to have another drink? Oh, so since this is a restaurant, maybe I should comment on the food? The pork chop was delish, quite a large portion and very popular (from what I could see - sitting over the kitchen). The arugula salad was refreshing - and the crunchy spiced chickspeas add a nice touch. Now on to what I ordered...(yeah, see..I am a fatty...eating everyone else's food)...the Baked Angel Hair Pasta. Um, let's just say that the sauce was unbelievable, but could be served over about a 100 times more pasta. Delicious but RICH. So, my recommendation for NOPA is to go early, have the pork shop and a few Blue Bottle Martinis to finish...
Always consistently yummy with great service. Food is fresh and simple but so wonderfully made. Def try the fava bean thing.
update 5/22/07went back twice in the last week and am still in love. i wanna make out with one of the chefs! had the veggie tagine, super yummy! the nicely tomatoey-curry sauce is great with the mint yogurt and crushed nuts on top. then we had the salmon carpaccio and the chard tart which both were OFF the hinges!! the amuse-bouche is always a nice touch but they've been doing the homemade foccacia and hummus/nutbutter/some kinda spread thing for a while. however, this last time i went they had a delicious olive tapenade that accompanied the home made bread :) lookin forward to them switching it up - maybe some ceviche bites or something crunchy for the nice warm weather ahead!no room for dessert this time but servers jenn and amanda took great care of us. will have to come back to see about the rhubarb cobbler!-----------------------------------------------------------------i've been to this place multiple times, served by different servers, sat in different places in the restaurant (except community table), and have always left with the same feeling: "this place makes me feel so happy."first off, DELICIOUS food. i've have a good sampling of their menu. pork chop, seasonal flatbreads, olives, salads, lamb riblets, goat cheese, burger, donut holes and ice cream and more... will try the fish dishes next. pretty good selection of wonderfully priced wines by the glass (i like the rose). great service. a little slow to pick up with first rounds (in general, i think they just want you to get comfortable before coming over?) but once the server has approached our table, we are completely taken care of. not only our server but the entire staff as well; bussing team is professional and unobtrusive. team has great communication, seamless function and gracious accomodation.LOVE the amuse bouche. a very nice touch.i think its a wonderful space, with an interesting view from every seat in the house. its cozy yet you wont feel out of place all dressed up either. you'll usually find me here in my hat, sweatsuit, a coat and flip flops - totally relaxed. haven't had a problem with reservations, since i always come after 10pm (i'm a late eater). parking can majorly suck. but isn't this just a fabulous place to eat til 1am?!
Persistence paid off as my boyfriend tried to make a reservation for my birthday dinner at NOPA. He had to call 4 times but thanks to a cancellation we finally got in. Unfortunately, parking made us 20 minutes late, but we had called as soon as we knew it was a problem and the servers graciously apologized to us for the difficult parking. As soon as we walked in the door, both the servers had huge smiles on their faces and welcomed us to NOPA. They graciously escorted us to a great table upstairs so we could have a little more quiet and watch the scene below.The menu looked great and I'm kinda picky about my meat, so before ordering the pork chop, I asked the server if it was lean and he assured me it was. However, when it came to the table, I think he and I had different definitions of lean since I felt like I was nibbling on pure fat. When he came around a minute later to see how we were doing, he could sense my disappointment with the pork and offered to remedy my meal immediately, offering several other options. I elected the fish stew which was tasty, but my boyfriend's rotisserie chicken was even better. I was really impressed with the service and how quickly our server fixed my meal. On our way out, no less than 6 employees thanked us for coming to NOPA. I've never felt more appreciated by any other restaurant and will definitely come back to try the other cocktails and entrees.
I'm a neighbohood resident and was thrilled that the long empty corner was transformed into a beautiful space. I've had good luck a few times, but my last trip wasnt great. Our waiter dumped us for a party of 5 at the community table. 2 glasses of wine took 25 minutes, and even the restaurant manager brought the wrong order to us. Twice. As for food - the pork chop is a delight, and the duck has always been served to perfection. Some of the more exciting appetizers - like the lemon and spinach tart - dont stay on the menu long enough. Loved the doughnut holes and hope they make a return. Using their own sparkling and still water is a true welcome.Also, this is not a zoned neighborhood, so parking was a bitch long before the new hot spot moved in. Get the marina folks to leave their SUVs at home - MUNI stops right across the street.
Went there Thursday night for the first time and got seating at the communal table. The squid salad was really good and so was the herb chicken entree. The bass was nothing great. The service was the best part....our server Ryan (mohawk guy) made the evening memorable....great service inspite of how busy it was. His suggestions were great and he was looking out for us inspite of running around like crazy. We got one seat at the communal table first and he made it a point to keep an eye for a second seat for us. Ryan has suggested the pork chops. Can't wait to try those..
This place might get a 5 star if it wasn't for the overcrowding and long waits, but that's not their fault. It is a huge place after all. The food is very good, borderline too expensive, but always a treat. The service is top notch! Everyone there is very friendly and seems to know their stuff. I love sitting at the bar for dinner, assuming I'm willing to fight for a seat.
We had heard all the hype...But decided we had to see for ourselves. And the hype is right. Ambiance is wonderful with high ceilings and large windows, plus a family style vibe. Food was scrumptious. I had the chicken and now I must go back soon for more. The appetizers were also a hit especially the white bean dish. While we were eating, it began to hail outside and it was a great moment. Everyone stopped eating and drinking, and looked up at the large windows to watch and listen. We will be back soon for drinks and dinner. Try it.
I had kind of a weird experience at NOPA last night. My date ordered a wheat beer, which the waiter presented and then poured into a wine glass. Not a chalice, certainly not a pint glass, but a regular old wine glass. Okay, a little strange, but fair enough. THEN, our waiter brought us a small sort of amuse bouche plate, "compliments of the chef." The plate featured one small radish sliced in half, and a pad of butter. It came accompanied by a ramekin of sea salt. No bread or anything, just radish, salt, and butter. WTF?? We nibbled on the radish, and stared at the butter, and then asked our waiter what exactly this was supposed to be. He mumbled something about "the chef thought we might like to try, blah blah blah" and took it away. Whatever. It's truly unsettling when it feels like your waiter is fucking with you. As my date put it, we were not amused.On a side note, the food was ok.Anyone else had this sort of experience/appetizer here?*UPDATE: I have been informed that the radish plate is a traditional appetizer in France and Belgium and that I should not have turned my nose up at it. Also, apparently my date said "my bouche and I are not amused."*
Amazing place when you've been waylaid by happy hour and then some, hungry at 11pm, but not feeling pizza or a burrito. We felt a bit rushed, they kept trying to clear our tables even though we clearly weren't done with our food. The food, we ordered carpaccio, pork chops, and the baked pasta. The carpaccio and pasta were good. The pork chop wasn't great, half of it was inedibly tough. I like to be able to consume all of the pork chop minus the bone cause I'm a pork chop junkie. I'll definitely go back, great space, atmosphere, drinks.
hi Nopa! You're the best. We love to hang out and drink the fab cocktails and yummy food!
Took the wife to the symphony. Afterwards, we had the usual choices in hayes valley: jardiniere, Absinthe, Zuni. It was about 10:30pm. We had been to Nopa a couple of times and since it is only 6 blocks from our house, drove back home and walked over down lovely Divisidero on this cold windy Saturday night.Woops! Nopa closed for the entire week! And to think we tried to be loyal and bypass all those other wonderful restaurants in Hayes Valley. Thanks, NOPA owners.When will they be closed next? My advice: check their website before going. No spur of the moment things. And kick 'em in the pants for me. Since there is nothing else in this neck of the woods other than Popeye's, we hailed a cab back down to Hayes Valley. Sat down at Zuni at 11:30 for dinner.Barring all that, the food we've had there before has been good solid yuppie fare. Except for the aioli that comes with the fries. It tastes a lot like rotten foi gras.
I like NOPA. We dropped in unannounced on a Saturday. Our option was an hour+ wait for a reservation or hover for a seat on the open table. We were hungry and proceeded with both options. I knocked out a star because I really don't like the idea of hovering, trying to sort-out who will finish next, or who was waiting first. It is a frustrating waste of energy. A simple chalk board would suffice. Fortunately, our reservation came through quickly and we were seated facing the kitchen. We were excited, we love seeing the kitchen in action. Our evening proceeded to be perfect, the food was great and service was friendly.
Nopa, I must say was quite the experience for a thursday night. It was almost packed at 6:30 when I got there and it was even more so packed at 9 when I left. Let me start off with the drinks, I ordered that one drink if I could remember the name of it, but it was very similar to a mojito and served in a champagne glass. It was so yummy that I actually savored it to the very last drop. As for the menu, there were lots of choices, my two friends both ordered the burger, which looked and smelled amazing with the crispy fries. YUM!!! I ordered the Salmon served over veggies... It was so good, not greasy or fattening like some restaurants offent prepare salmon... I almost wanted to lick the plate, but I had to save room for desert. Which we ordered the three sorbets... with the sesame cookies... so delicate... I am sitting at home right now dreaming of a pint of those three sorbets... anywho the meal part was great... i m definetly going backfor the ambiance, we sat up stairs... we got to watch the chefs preparign the meals... which is pretty awesome!!! down side, we walked out of there smelling like the food. Nothing I hate more than the smell of like I have been in the kitchen all day and didn't shower... yuck... regardless I loved how their bathroom sink was just out there for everyone to wash their hands and fix their make up...downside about sitting upstairs... our service was slow... took almost an hour to get our food... maybe we were all starving so it was annoying... but our sever wasn't too nice... he was always in a hurry... and they were busy... but they have a million servers on!!! anywho... this place is defiently to give a try too... it was an experience... parking is tough though....
if i were to create my own restaurant it would taste, sound, feel, vibrate, like nopa. loved everything here. no pretense, the food was souliscious, fatty, buttery, tasty and oh-so-good. adequate portions... the wait staff was very personable and actually chatted with us amidst the hustle and bustle. cauliflower gruyere au-gratin, braised pork with grilled nectarines... drool as i think back. then to top it all off when they served coffee, they serve a french press blue bottle from sf. price was also extreeemly reasonable. why isn't there more nopa-esque places? what can i say. perfect... it was our 5 year wedding anniversary too. my wife rules.
Okay service. Okay food. I thought the bar area looks fun and I do like how its decorated and set up. I really enjoyed the appetizers but wasn't a huge fan of my entree. I recommend the goat cheese crustinis. I love goat cheese. I got the pork chop and it could have fed a small village. My friend got the fish. I can't even remember what kind of fish it was, but it literally didn't have any flavor. It was pretty boring. The deserts were pretty tasty. The donut holes are totally round, sweet, and delicious. The wine selection was good too. And I never needed to ask for another glass of water. The server was a bit strange though. He made seriously uncomfortable eye contact every time he came to the table. He kind of mumbled too, so it was really hard to understand what he was saying. Other than that, I would totally go back.
3rd time and it's still pretty awesome. Let's see, the flatbread this time was amazing - sausage, escarole, pine nuts and pom seeds. It's done perfectly with a crunch and tons of flavor. Even better, it's been different every time. Last night I brought my kind of a connoisseur of pork chops friend to try the nopa chop. This is another dish they construct based on the season. He was in love, not the #1 top chop, but a close 2nd (to the lavender chop at foreign cinema). This from a guy that knows his pork chops...think small town southern ill. The only complaint I had about it is that I remember ordering it this summer and it was twice the size. It was served with sweet potatoes and greens. On the other side of the table, I had myself the chicken. Blasphemy! I ordered the chicken? Yes, and I loved it. You can see the rotisserie from the dining room and I couldn't resist. The flavors were intense - it definitely had a smoked flavor and herbs galore under the perfectly crispy skin.Wine list - it was serious and we had a really smooth red that i can't even remember right now but it was definitely italianPrice - really expensive (thanks goes out to my friend's boss for picking up the check - awesome) this is the only reason there aren't 5 stars.The crowd - I love the crowd here. It's a total mix of people, just like the entire Divis corridor. oh, last thing...i heart their bathroom set up.
Nice large restaurant with very good food. New and clean inside. Professionally run.
I really REALLY wanted to like Nopa. Maybe it would have been better if I didn't read all the rave reviews, as I felt that it didn't live up to the expectation. Or maybe I just didn't order the right items. We arrived a little early for our reservation and was told that our table was not ready. So we headed to the bar, with everyone else who apparently were also waiting for their table. I figured the wait staff did not all arrive yet, as only a few people were seated, all other tables were empty. Or you can say that's pretty smart, as it drums up business by having folks start off with a drink. Just about everyone waiting for a table had a drink in hand. We were then ushered to our table upstairs, which seemed pleasant enough. I had a view into the kitchen below and can watch as they prepared dishes. After asking our waiter for recommendations, I ordered the warm goat cheese with crostini as a starter. The warm goat cheese starter is more like a dish that should be shared with others, rather than for an individual. As an entree, I ordered the pork chop, which ended up being a tad undercooked for my taste. We shared an order of fries, which we preferred ketchup over the dipping sauce they provided. And for dessert, we ordered the chocolate pudding cake which I could barely touch, as I did not like the texture of the dish. This was definitely a leisurely dinner which lasted over 2 hrs, which was not by choice, and we sensed the lull between the starters and main entrees. At the end of the night, I just wanted so badly to get out of there, as I felt suffocated by the heat in the restaurant, it was making me nauseous. I thought it was only because we sat upstairs, but as we walked through the downstairs dining area, it felt equally stuffy. They have ceiling fans, but maybe they should invest in air conditioning, or a better ventilation system. On the plus side, I do like the decor of the restaurant. And my Old Cuban drink was excellent.I'll give it a second chance some time in the future. As I mentioned, I really wanted to like Nopa.
I'm SO HAPPY I finally got to try Nopa. Been reading so much press and reviews and hearing people rave about it for so long it's about time I got my ass there. So bro and sis-in-law treated me there for my b-day. Hands down 5 stars all the way. The place totally lives up to the hype and puts so much love the attention in every detail makes you wonder why can't all restaurants be that way? 1. Space & decor-LOVE IT. Love the wood beam ceiling and long vertical windows. The second floor breaks up the space nicely. All the tables are laid out in a way that you're not close to your neighbors. I love the community bath room sink. The lively fresco paintings on the walls adds a nouveau feel. 2. Ambiance-super relaxed but can be romantic as well. Not so dim that you can't read the menu. Even when it was packed it didn't seem loud at all. A good mix of neighborhood people, hipsters, yuppies, etc.3. Service-I could've sworn I had my server at Cortez. It was fast and efficient, largely aided by the water carafe on the table and silverware station at the back for fast turnaround. What really impressed me was that after seating I dropped my knife on the floor. After I picked it up the wait staff immediately came over with a new knife without my asking for it.4. Food-AMAZING@%#@*!!! We had the hearty squash soup, beef carpaccio, rack of lamb, pork chop, rotisserie chicken, and a side of fries. Everything was excellent; the chicken juicy and the pork chop fatty-just the way I like it! The highlight for me was the desserts. We had the pear-apple crisp and the warm doughnut holes with the caramel rum dipping sauce. It was the most delicious doughnut holes I've ever tasted. Oh, and we got this plate of apple slices with PB to wet our appetites at the beginning.This is what good dining is supposed to be. And at such reasonable prices, it sets the standards for a more upscale neighborhood restaurant.
Met a friend here last week and had a great experience. Creative menu and pretty extensive wine list. The lamb flatbread was tasty and the giant white beans were fantastic. The space is interesting and well designed - I love the exposed beams! We sat at the large community table in the bar area, and despite the fact the place was packed, we were able to still have a conversation. Great mixed crowd. I will definitly be back - especially since it is in walking distance!
i miss nopa.
dinner was good ,drinks were good ,service was good! what else do you want?  if you want more than that you should just stay home!but if you do go save room for the warm donut holes with caramel sauce!they're yummy!
Pretty good food I must say. LOVE the decor. Trendy but unique. Spacious, fresh look. Enjoy the upstairs tables. A little pricey, but if you're going out for a semi-nice dinner it's perfect.
this place is great, and i was glad to find out that they're open late and not far from home. the wine list is intimidating, and the beer prices are very reasonable. the calamari was pretty good... but had a very HAM/SPAM texture, color, and flavor. maybe i don't know my squids, and it's been a long time since i've eaten ham or spam... but it definitely creeped me out a bit.
ok started the night out just trying to get here. no prob, drove on divis and park about three blocks away.  i've been to Bean Bag (across the street) a few years back and Nopa wasn't even around then. the hood was a little dicey back then.  Now the area has a little vibe. got seated with our friends on the main floor, great energy in the place with warm tones setting, high ceilings, and romantic ambiance. no fancy tablecloth but has a clean modern woodsy feel.ordered the flatbread, mussels and fries for starters. flatbread was tasty but a little overpriced, the mussels were large, fresh and juicy, really good, the fries were ok with the aioli talked to the wine guy and ordered a bottle of 2005 bordeaux. great wine, lots of fruit and was great with the chop. The wine guy was one of the owner and he discussed (w/some brainstroming at Bean Bag) how it all got started. pretty interesting stuff..for the entrees we had two orders of the sea bass and the pork chop. the waiter informed us the pork chop would be cooked "medium" (which meant it would be pink), sure we said, bring it on.  The pork chop, was seared perfectly on the outside with mouth watering pink tasty meat inside. one of the best chops I ever had. the sea bass had a perfect crust on the top with some olive tapenade and was moist throughout, sided with arugula.for desert we had the chocolate pot de creme and blood orange upside down cake, both were good,  and finished it off with some good french press blue bottle coffee. wait staff knew their stuff and was friendly and helpful. all in all it was a very good experience. if you've never been , go....
I really wanted to hate NoPa -- the huge publicity blitz, the silly name, the superlative review from Michael Bauer -- it pretty much annoyed me before it even opened. But, my friends wanted to try it, so I begrudgingly made the reservation. NoPa pretty much won me over from the moment I stepped in the door -- perfect lighting, great energy and a nice open space. The service was excellent -- our server made good suggestions and was helpful in a perfectly unobtrusive way. The menu is interesting without trying too hard (especially good use of seasonal ingredients on the flatbread dish). The wine list was a little long but had some great selections, such as the Fort Ross Pinot Noir. As much as I hate to admit it, NoPa just plain lives up to the hype.
here it is.... ladies and gents, introducing the best pork chop i have ever tasted in my whole entire life!!! this is a lively restaurant/bar, with a noisy atmosphere.. in my opinion, not in a bad way...my experience...starting off with apps:Warm Goat Cheese, Crostini, Marinated Cherry and Sungold Tomatoes...im not a fan of goat cheese, but this was amazing, i started to eat it by the spoon!!!Flatbread of House Smoked Bacon, Sliced Zucchini, Basil and Cherry Tomatoes...i think ours had lamb instead of bacon, i really enjoyed the simple yet bold flavors and the perfectly crisp crust!!!Wood Roasted Calamari, Chorizo, Chickpeas and Endive...to be honest, this one didnt stand out to me.. i like my calamari fried and crispy!!!Little Fried Fish, Lemon and Sauce Romesco... to die for!!! my favorite app!!! the smelt reminds me of bars in japan, they give you something similar to snack on while you drink.. except these lil' fishies were fried and accented with lemon!!! French Fries and Genovese Basil Aoli...fries are fries... good, nothin specialGrilled Broccoli, Sherry Onions and Breadcrumbs...for some reason the broccoli was really good!!! i hate veggies but these were smoked or grilled just right!!!Sweet Corn, Cherry Tomatoes and Chive Butter...i only ate a spoonful of this, so i cant recommend nor hate...we also had a lamb sausage that was so amazing. freshly made and not to gamie...the main courses:Pan Roasted Halibut, Sweet Corn, Summer Squash and Olive Tapenade...out of all the dishes, this one was just ok... it lacked deep flavors, but then again theres not much you can expect from a very "light" fish...not bad but not fantastic...Grass Fed Hamburger, Pickled Onions and French Fries...I actually was blown away by this hamburger!!! the taste was noticeably different and cooked med-rare...just perfect... at first, my mind was thinking, why come here and order a burger...i was wrong... this is a nice simple touch to the menu that actually doesnt disappoint!!!Duck???...they must have updated the menu, its not listed on their web menu... i am not a big fan of duck, but this was pretty good... i wasnt disgusted with it... usually duck taste like a hamsters cage to me... this was very mild...Country Pork Chop...AND WHAT CAN YOU REALLY SAY ABOUT A PORK CHOP THAT WAS WORTHY FOR THE GODS!!! this was absolutely the reason why im going back... some guy across from us had what i thought was a steak, but i didnt see steak on the menu??? i asked the waitress and she said ..thats a pork chop!!! a pork chop that rivals a steak!!! come on now, thats amazing!!!service was on point and theres really nothing bad to say about this place... i love the concepts, the food is wonderfully prepared.....i will say, i hate parking in this area... i know its SF, but there are certain areas that suck more than others... (marina dist.)... so i suggest to give 30 min time to find parking and tell your girl to not wear heels unless she can march in them...or if your a good man (like me =0))and offer a piggy back ride!!!
Great service, classic cocktails, sexy food, solid wine list, lavender pot de creme?!?! Get some.
I wanted to try NOPA soooooo bad! And I finally did. And it was great. Yes, the complimentary radishes are a little strange but I admire their attempt at steering away from the carbalicious helping of bread most restaurants serve. We sat at the community table to avoid a really long wait but still enjoyed great service and food. The "baby gems" salad is excellent. The gems happen to be little luscious pieces of lettuce tossed in the perfect amount of dressing. I have never seen lettuce look so good! The pork chop was advertised by the waiter as "the best pork chop I've ever had". I'm not sure if I would go that far but it was definitely moist and lovely. My biggest complaint is the view of Popeye's, I hate thinking about chicken while I am eating pork! Oh and the wait is long, even on a tuesday, but you can call ahead and get yourself on the list starting at 2 pm.
Don't know why it took me so long to check out Nopa. I went once when they opened with a large group and maybe that spoiled the experience. But tonight I had a spectacular meal. Little gem lettuce salad, the monumental pork chop, and one of the best desserts I've ever had--warm apricots with black pepper and caramel ice cream topped with pound cake crumbles. While waiting for service to begin I had a pisco sour--I've been sampling these everywhere I go and so far the best one was at Camino in Oakland followed by Adesso, also in Oakland, but tthis was way up there. With dinner I had glasses of the marsanne-roussanne and the mantonegro, both recommended by the bartender who clearly knew her stuff.  Nopa will be a new addition to my weekly rotation, but I do want to try the new Bar Crudo in the next block.
I had to leave a rating for this restaurant. It ruined my birthday! Terribly disappointing experience. I have no idea why this place is rated so high. I really want to give it 1 star but that's just mean. It's overpriced and uncreative. The ambiance is okay. I guess they change the menu often? We ordered:the albacore tuna - eh okaythe fries - sadly probably the best part of the mealthe lamb shank - okay, not great, not badthe pasta - awful! the noodles were hard. it tasted like something out of a can, $18, are you kidding me???the salmon - first it came out overcooked, so we had to send it back, the second time around, it was bleh.This place is so overrated and overpriced. It's borderline absurd. I would not recommend this place to anyone.
I just have to jump on the bandwagon. The food here is good (Can you say Chez Nous Part deux?). I'm just ecstatic about having a place that's open late at night that serves un-diner food. If I never eat another Bagdad Cafe tuna melt, it will be too soon.
I am not the usual SF fine-restaurant diner. I think b/c I live in Berkeley, I am proud of my 'hood and would rather retreat to my side of the Bay for fine CA cuisine. But, alas, it was my good friend's birthday and she wanted to eat at Nopa. I was skeptical. But honestly, I was pleasantly surprised. The restaurant is modern (think high ceilings, loft-like, with a kitchen you can see from the eating area). We sat at a nice booth and ordered a flatbread appetizer and some entrees. Skipped the drinks (had to work a bit on Sunday night-sigh!). The appetizer was generous and very good (think, thin crust pizza). I ordered a pork chop and it was delicious. Honestly, I think I make a mean pork chop, but Nopa's was meaner, I have to admit. Moist, well-proportioned, and nicely plated with some fava beans, greens, and some grilled apples. We ended the meal with some dessert. We ordered some donut-like treats where you drizzle a caramel sauce on top (simply delish). Without drinks, our bill came in around $40/person for one entree each, one shared appetizer, and one shared dessert. Portions are generous, however. Not cheap, but it was a nice night out with the girls. Overall, I had a great time. Well done, Nopa (and this, coming from a snooty fine-dining Berkeley girl)!
Absolutely love this place! I give it top ratings for both food and service. Stopped in for dessert late night with a big group and were seated instantly! The desserts were delicious (doughnut holes with caramel dipping sauce, pots de creme) and the drinks inventive. In the animated conversation, a member of our group managed to tip over a champagne glass at the table. Without a flinch the staff was cleaning it up and a replacement was in that person's hand. Can't argue with that service! I will definitely be back!
A couple vegetarian options, but that's about it. The nice thing is this place servers food later than most places in this area, pretty much everyone stops serving at 10...
the food is amazing, the atmosphere is popping and the people watching is great. nopa loses a star for decibel level and reservation unavailability. although i will say i have had intimate dinners in spite of the incredible noise, and the walk-in wait is not as long as they usually estimate.i have had several important occasion dinners here and have never once been disappointed with the food. the service, eh, has been faulty a couple times. i can't blame them for the one time we had a four-hour wait for food because it was halloween. if/when you go to nopa, be sure to get the MOROCCAN VEGETABLE TAGINE! it is unbelievable, one of the few times i eat something and am still thinking about it days later. totally rich and yummy. i never hesitate to suggest nopa as a dining option. definitely a winner.
I'm not a splurge type of guy, when I eat I like simple ready to go meals but this place was a treat. Big open space, friendly service and quality food. The drinks we had were excellent. I would love to go back there for another try.
They have a great wine selection and even though we only got an appetizer it was delicious. Next time i want to go there and have a full meal.
This place definitely lives up to the hype.Everything was delicious.Let's start with drinks blue bottle w/vodka.My friend can be sad one minute and ultra happy the next when she drinks blue bottle.The miracle drug ,I say.Dessert was warm donuts w/caramel.The dessert yo mama never made but wished she did.Nine hours bolognese pasta tasted like yo mama spent all day chained to the stove making it.Pork chop with grilled peaches tasted like summertime.When you felt free and the warm sun guided your day.Run don't walk to this place.
sat at the community table. stared at other people while i waited. ate the burger. it was good.
My husband and I had looked forward to experiencing NOPA, especially after reading all the great reviews. I couldn't believe that we didn't like one item that we ordered (fried fish, cauliflower soup, lamb riblets, broccoli). I had to ask the waiter to stop questioning me on how we were enjoying our meal since we had nothing good to say. Management comped half our meal due to our disappointment. It will take sometime, and some changes to the menu, before I give it another chance.
I've had a few great meals here but never a truly seraphic food experience. I have been probably around seven or eight times and will certainly continue to go, but with the ever expanding and contracting San Francisco restaurant choices available, I have found myself not attending NOPA as of late. I love that they are open so late, but for some reason haven't had a late sit-down dinner for ages. But my experiences have always been solid. The food is always nicely done, I had some great rabbit there not too long ago, nice locally raised grass fed burgers, and always love the flatbread pizzas,. I also like how the menu updates fairly regularly. The wine list is competent, fairly riced and though not especially creative or refined, matches their unpretentious style and as mentioned, they have riced their wines very well. And though they don't take reservation before hand , the bar is well staffed and they make a nice stiff Manhattan, or a good Martini while you wait. And even if it's packed, I've found the clientele to be friendly and usually likeminded thirty somethings with one foot in the Mission and one in Russian Hill.
Nopa - you get a pretty good cocktail, with some pretty good food, in a pretty good environment. It's 3 blocks from my house which makes a pretty good turn into really good as it gets later, and NOPA is open late, so that happens a lot. The service is snotty and unreasonably pretentious. That really pissed my neighbor off when they moved to our neighborhood kinda renamed it, stepped it up a little, and then were kinda rude to people to boot. I thought it would go away - but it hasn't. I just ignore it. the meat is good - they use good ingredients in their food - the menu lacks that thing that makes you REALLY want one thing - but you can settle for them and be happy enough. also you get a pretty good drink or two. For some reason I really love the bathroom with the shared sink - can't explain that one.
good drinks, pretty good food, nice space (a little loud, but bearable) and well - if you're in the hood - not a bad place for a lively, fun dinner atmosphere. the fava beans are super yummy, be sure to have the chocolate bread pudding for dinner, and there is this one dessert martini with chocolate (ok, can't remember the name...the night was that good)...that is to DIE FOR.  Burger was great.
I'm happy to see a bit of veriety in the neighborhood. There isn't anywhere else in my area that I feel I can go out for a true dining expereince--just a bunch of places to grab a bite to eat. And thats cool on an average monday night, but if I want to actually go out to dinner I'm happy to have somewhere within walking distance or my house. I had the halibut the night I went to Nopa and it was excellent--I enjoyed every single bite. They do also have a decent wine selection. Didn't try dessert, but had a few aps--the warm olives were good, as was the flat bread with goat cheese. The servers are friendly and knowledgeable and I enjoyed the atmosphere. I recommend giving it a try.
I don't want to really like the old laundry mat but you know what, I have been there three times and I do. The first time I had the lamb, which wasn't on the menu the last time I was there. The lamb was the best dish on our table. Cool, lucky me. The next time I was at Nopa, I had the burger. Damn good but come on a $12 burger? Whatever, I didn't pay this time. Tonight I had (and my dog had the bone) the pork chop. Holy crap, really damn good. Ok, fine. 3 times Nopa, you win...I like you. Ok, I will be back!
First off I think it is pretty ridiculous that you have to make reservations a month in advance. I went here for my birthday dinner and was sorely disappointed. Not to mention so embarassed because I hyped it up to friends who were from out of town, only for it to be mediocre. It was too loud, the hostess placed us next to the kitchen, and the service was horrible. I was so looking forward to the food. The food was not memorable, and so upset that I waited a whole month to go there. Be prepared to not be able to listen to anyone other than the person who is sitting directly next to you. Never going back.
Wow, NOPA is one of the neatest restaurant I've visited all year. The architecture and interior design of this place spoke to me instantly when I walked in. It's a quite large main room along with more tables in an upstairs loft. A beautifully efficient use of floor space, comfortable, roomy yet feels intimate and close. I heard this location used to house a laundromat which means quite a transformation and an expert design team was clearly involved here. The kitchen and bar look beautiful as well, with a nice wood fired oven and rotisserie in the middle. The bar is semi-connected to the open kitchen area which must make operations at least a little more efficient for the staff. I ate at the bar and happened to interact with 3 of the four bartenders throughout my visit, all were friendly, knowledgeable about the menu and very service oriented. The bar was full of people yet somehow they still managed to refill my water glass at least 4 times. That is cool because humans do need water and for some reason many bartenders can't understand this should be a priority and actually helps them sell more food and other drinks. They make great margaritas with fresh squeezed lime, a few fine tequila selections and many other interesting drink concoctions on the menu too. First they brought me some little red/green bean and some wonderfully flaky sea salt. A nice simple start with a surprising amount of flavor and texture. After sitting down next to a couple eating the flat-bread, I took one look at it and instantly knew I had to order one of those! The flat-bread was one of the most simple yet awesome appetizers I've had in a long time. Perfect for me anyway, since it has an ultra crisp wood oven fired crust, a few fresh veggies finely sliced and bits of the most amazingly flavorful yet smoothly perfect little sausage clumps. Presentation was exceptionally simple because they cut it into small semi random squares and triangles and then artfully stack those pieces in a staggered fashion so that the hot crust doesn't cause condensation on the cold plate. This ensures air circulation for retention of the crispiness feature which is so important to a flat-bread.I ordered the hamburger and potato wedges. I am an American after all and I knew it would be one of the better burgers I've had. I may try one of their other interesting entrees next time, but it'll be difficult not to eat another of these burgers. I'm very particular about eating high quality lean meat and this was one of the finest burger patties ever. I was told it's ground fresh each day on-site and cooked over smokey apple-wood fire to impart wonderful flavor. Even the bun was pretty close to perfect and toasted with butter of course. Served with some watercress and tasty slightly pickled onions it was a burger experience like nothing else and for only $12. A very reasonable burger price considering the quality of it and the quantity of wonderfully fresh fries I couldn't quite finish. I can't wait to come back for another meal and perhaps even try a dessert sometime soon.
I heard a lot and read a lot about this place before going. And I have to say it was tasty, but not great or anything. The problem, everything tastes like bacon. I had a pork chop, and I have to say the first few bites were pretty amazing. Really smoky flavor, with a some bacon overtone, and perfectly cooked. But half way through it, you are kind of over it. The side that came with it, added nothing to the dish. Then I tried the chicken. Guess what it tasted like? Smoky bacon. Everything kind of tastes the same. And none of the sides really complimented the dishes in any or added another dimension when combined with the protein.
Nopa is solid good - a place you can go back to repeatedly. I've been about 6-7 times--have gotten a table only once tho. The large common table or eating at the bar is a good way to avoid the wait. They make excellent martinis --they have these green olives that are amazing (not your typical green olive!) --which apparently you can buy at Bi-rite.Great place to share food--the portion for the main plates are very large (pork, half chicken, lamb or seafood stew). I personally like the "little gems" (fried sardines)I think this is a great place for a Sunday dinner with friends or late night chow.
update 12/15/06:the food was never the issue, but the noise was. now that the buzz has slightly gone down, it's not as loud as it once was. don't get me wrong, it's still loud, but not rock concert loud. the food is good as ever. hence i'm upgrading nopa from 3 stars to 4 stars..* * *original review 06/12/06:with nopa, panhandle has officially arrived! so why only three stars? ok, let me explain.like most yelpers, i've been anticipating the opening of nopa for months. once it opened, i read the glowing reviews which only added to my excitement. so one saturday night my girlfriend and i finally walked into nopa. wow! this place is beautiful. where to begin? the sleek and modern loft interior design reminded us of foreign cinema's main dining room but nopa is warmer and sexier. we marveled at the dramatic dark wood beam ceiling and the expansive windows that complemented the dim lighting. just as captivating is the mezzanine that overlooks the main dining hall and the pristine open kitchen. as if that wasn't enough, there's even a friendly, jovial communal table where good-looking people gather to eat, drink and flirt. what a beautiful layout. nopa truly is an interior designer's dream come true. man, i would pay a dollar just to take a tour of the restaurant.the food was equally impressive. we had the flatbread, spring vegetable tagine and london broil. the flatbread has a crust that's similar to a thin crust pizza and is quite delicious. the vegetable tagine was warm, hearty and bursting with complex flavors. it's a fabulous dish for vegetarians or anyone who appreciates good food. lastly, the london broil was juicy and soft. that baby melted like butter in my mouth. oh my tummy was sooo happy... i also like to give some kudos to the fabulous staff. they were always around when we needed them but vanished when we wanted to be alone. that's quite a people skill. so far, five stars!now comes the part that makes me sad. this is the where i have to knock nopa from the pedestal. this isn't easy cuz i want to love nopa, and there's so much to love, but the noise level was so unbearable that i couldn't relax at all. for those who come to nopa before heading over to independent, i'm willing to bet that the noise at nopa is comparable to independent. it got to the point where my girlfriend and i were shouting to be heard. it looked like we were fighting or something. after twenty minutes of this debacle, we gave up on talking for the rest of the dinner. so instead we relied on winking and winking and more winking. no, there's nothing wrong with our eyes. i'm sure we looked like the biggest dorks, but it was the only way to communicate. how sad is that? hehe, for those who don't care for dinner conversation, nopa is a must stop.in conclusion, nopa gets three stars from me for now. with that said, we plan to come back here again on a weeknight and hope to score a mezzanine table. who knows? perhaps i'd be better positioned to tolerate the noise. that could make nopa a five-star experience...
Some of the best cocktails in the city! The kitchen's open late, until 2am, which is AMAZING in this city. And smart, because it is the only late night food in the hood and shiz is pricey (but delicious). Not entirely romantic, quite rustic, but very pleasant. Love that it's across the street from Popeyes- it's just throwing in your face how it is blatantly gentrifying the western addition.
I really want to like this place. Everyone raves about it. But I've been here a few times and every time I've been sad and disappointed. First of all, calling them really sucks. They never have open reservations, and they always seem to be bothered by the fact they have to talk to you. Second, its extremely hard to get a reservation less than a week in advance. Now, I understand that its popular and all, but I had to take a reservation 30 minutes off from the time I wanted for brunch, only to walk into a restaurant that was half-empty. Um, hello? Third, and this is the REAL reason why I finally felt motivated enough to write this review: they do not carry soy milk. Yes, I know, what's the big deal? The clincher is that they justified their refusal by saying they serve Blue Bottle coffee and Blue Bottle doesn't serve soy lattes. Really? Really? Because I've lived in Hayes Valley since 2007 (before NOPA opened, btw) and I've been drinking soy lattes there for 3 years. So your snooty justification is not even valid. Ugh. Yes, the food is fabulous. But the pretention.... I just can't deal.
Ok, can people stop RAVING about this place? It's good - yes, but amazing-off-the-charts, no. I did like the donuts for dessert, but c'mon - who doesn't like donuts.
Must have been a really off night. The kitchen could barely get the dishes out, the wait between courses was very long. The portions are fairly large , I wasn't particularly hungry so didn't mind the wait. We entered the place at 9 and left at mid night. The food was good but not great and the restaurant was pretty noisy. The rotisserie chicken was not wroth it. I have had better roast chicken. The desserts were good. My olive oil poached tuna appetizer was OK. Since they have ever changing menus I might have hit it on a night when the dishes were not to my taste. I'll try it again. Definitely a great place to hang out with friends and chat away.
I have gone here a several times as I live very close by; walking distance and while the food is good; I think moving forward I will go there more for to relax a glas of good wine & appetizers, (great wine selections including many from Europe, Rose wines etc you cannot get in many restaurants). Also most of their appetizers are very good; the melted goat cheese with crostini's, the bean casserole, aspargues with shaved asiago etc - and the flat bread. Excellent wait staff - top notch! I have never been super impressed with their main entree's - even though they are good I don't feel it is worth the price. Last time I went I had to send my rib entree back for another one as it was basicially just a bone in a bowl with potatoes and vegetables. The waiters are SUPER - always and in this situation just swapped it out and I got another one soon afterwards. They also offered me some fries while I waited as the rest of my party ate their entrees. I have had the pork chops, fish entree in the white sauce & pasta entre dishes too - ok, not to write home about. The desserts how ever are excellent and I LOVE the fact that you can get nice cheeses with sweet dried fruits and crackers with dessert wines. So all in all I would go back - moving forward probably order several appetizers, wine and dessert! My two cents on it.
'Heard this was a great place, so I had to check it out. First walking in, I was a bit taken by the noise. That soon was replaced by sincerely warm fuzzies I felt from the attentive hostesses. I bellied up to the crowded bar to get a drink while waiting for my table. The bartender was equally unruffled and extremely patient and pleasant. The icing on the cake was the awesome waiter. It was hard to decide, so I asked the waiter for recommendations and ordered every single dish he suggested. Out of this world! Sopapillas for dessert with glass of after-dinner sherry was killer! I can't wait to go back and try something new. BTW, we had the best view of the house from the 2nd floor looking down into the kitchen and across the entire dining room. What a find! Food portions were well thought out. I'm still relishing the taste of the London Broil. Go on your own first for a more personal, enjoyable experience. Thereafter, definitely take another couple or a small bunch of close friends for a rewarding dining experience!
there is a reason why this place is always packed. it's really cozy, the lighting is flattering and most importantly the food is comforting and tasty and you can taste the freshness of everything. the goat cheese appetizer is really simple and really good, always a favorite! and they have a pork chop that i would put up against any pork chop that i've crossed paths with. i'm not crazy about their burgers but that's just me. still, the other items that i've tasted have been heaven and perfectly executed. the space is open but warm and the service is always friendly. you will need reservations because it's kind of popular as you can see.
Amazing porkchop? Seating until 1am?? Just down the street? Putting up with my drunk ass friends that crashed our dinner? This place is hard to beat, and I know I'll be back here often.
I was really looking forward to trying NOPA. I've been wanting to go for quite a while. The food was pretty good, but I don't think it lives up to all the hype. I really have no complaints. The lack of a star is because I'm not really dying to go back. Food was good, but not amazing.
Another gem on Divisadero thats help shed the grimyness of the area. Great late night dining! The location is true to its surroundings and it's past. They have a bank vault for their wine cellar and a mural reflective of the area on the top level done by an artist from the neighborhood. Nopa has a full-bar that happens to have the best vodka around- Hangar One. The pork chop has to be up there as one of the best in San Francisco. We had a couple of appetizers- Wild Salmon Carpaccio and the Flat Bread. Desserts were excellent (donut holes and creme bruele) I can't wait to come back to try the rest of the menu.
A great dining experience; wonderful addition to our neighborhood. Interesting seasoning and taste combinations.  Good atmosphere and excellent food. I too loved the open kitchen...those chefs looked very focused on my food!
i was there for dinner last night and it was the best i've had in about 1/2 dozen times there. let's see... the melted cheese with toast app was so good i wanted to lick the spoon when i was done; the french fries were still super good and the vegetable tagine was fantastic. i also had the peach crisp with honey ice cream and holy moley it was yummers. (before you go thinking i am a super pig i shared everything with my pal). the best part? sitting at the long table near the bar and not having to wait. cozy and more intimate than it seems.highly reco.
If you can snag some seats at the bar or communal table, there's plenty of people watching and great drinks to boot.  My rotisserie chicken and CR's short-ribs were filling, but taste-wise I didn't crave for seconds.  Creme Brulee was awesome, shortbread pizza appetizer was probably the best part of the meal.  Beware of the house drink specials that are refreshing but get served mostly in girlie glasses! Otherwise, a classic place to get drinks while waiting for a solid meal.
Hands down...one of the best restaurants in SF. My boyfriend and I go here often...since it's close to home. The NOPA staff never fails to impress us...super knowledgable, friendly, totally on it. The food is always seasonal, inventive and for the most part delicious! There was one time I was served chard doused in oil. The best part...the staff immed. took it away after I brought it to their attention and never charged us. The decor is great with the high ceilings and muraled walls. My advice: sit at the bar...less noisy and you can watch the skilled bartenders create their magical cocktails. I'd also recommend sitting at the counter overlooking the kitchen. Can't go wrong with a restaurant that stays open late, has amazing, friendly staff and a consistently excellent innovative menu!
I am fortunate enough to live down the street from NOPA. So it is the first place we end up when I don't feel like firing up the stove. Mostly every thing has been said in previous reviews so I just want to add...ORDER THE FLATBREAD!! It's always great, toppings change daily and it's perfect to share while you're waiting for the rest of your tasty treats.
I am going to add to the plethora of 5 star reviews of NOPA. This meal was top-notch in every respect. This was a birthday dinner. As their website states they begin to accept reservations at 2pm of the same day. I called right at 2. They were busy! A few minutes later I reached them and was able to score a reservation for 2 at 6:45. Arriving early without the other member of my party I was quickly seated and given a list of drinks. I ordered an "old cuban" which was listed under the classical section of cocktails...I guess I am one classy, gal, no? Anyways, I thought it was interesting that there was a spiritual section...I mean it is just a restaurant that I was at and not a place of worship. In any case, good dining can certainly seem divinely inspired when done well. I had plenty of time to peruse the menu as I waited. The ee cummings layout was peaceful and as I knocked back the cocktail and the friday night buzz of people (and inner buzz I suppose) increased it all started to look good. I decided to check out the bathroom. I am a big bathroom kind of girl. At nice restaurants I actually enjoy checking out the bathroom. Call me weird but this is true. In this bathroom the wash your hands part is on the exterior of the do your business part. This way you can see who is actually washing their hands! hahaha, but really, the soap and lighting and all is lovely. I wouldn't mind a sink like that in my future home.Well, we ordered the flatbread of herbed ricotta, zucchini and ham. That hit the spot perfectly. For the main dish I got the rotisserie chicken with spring greens. Ohhh, weee, that was tasty. My mom makes a great chicken with rosemary and this was almost as good as hers (almost Mom). My friend ordered the Moroccan Tagine. It was super super hot when she got it and so had to wait a while until she could delve in. But she loved it when it cooled off a bit. We were too wonderfully full for dessert so I'll have to come back for that.I love the design of the place. When I got off the bus I was actually first afraid I had gotten the address wrong. I mean this street is sorta shady...but, gratefully, there it was. Inside the design is very effective. The windows are expertly placed so as to remind you are in the city without reminding you of some of the hooligans and rif raff that roam the lower floors. The mirrors all over the walls are great for people watching because the person facing the wall, for instance, doesn't miss out on all the action. I loved the exposed wood trusses that pop out of the ceiling above. The family style table in the front seemed nice although I didn't sit there. And I really loved watching this little boy eat the yummy bread. He surrounded his whole mouth with it and was eating one slice for like 20 minutes. I love this place and recommend it highly to every one else. I would also like to mention that the service was truly top notch. It was the kind of service that you don't really even notice because it is that good. You know what I mean...Oh, and for the record this place isn't really in NOPA, per se. It is northeast of the panhandle. Therefore it should be named-more appropriately-noeapa. But I am sure they considered that for a second and it quickly got shot down to the length of it. It doesn't quite roll off the tongue as easily...
The food at NOPA is consistently good. They use local & sustainable ingredients. Try the warm marinated olives and the pork chop.
NOPA has the whole casual elegance thing down. The food was good. It should be noted that we ended with the doughnut holes which were warm cinnamon balls of pleasure. It was a little loud, but we were there during peak hours. I would give it 3.5 stars.
Funky --- but ---- we had to wait for AGES for our first course. Then they forgot one of our starters ---- then we waited ages for our main course --- then they didn't bring the side dishes until we'd almost completed the mains. Hmm --- the food was pretty decent though. The waiter was very pleasant but all in all I thought that the place reeked of a heap load of cash being spent on a very stylish refurbishment in a lower market neighborhood. The waiters and clientele didn't seem as sophisticated as many other new / high end places in the city. Or perhaps I'm just a snob?
love love love this place!great fresh organic delicious food!creative cocktails concoctions that are drinkably delightful and NOT too sweet!great bar atmosphere and community table...scene is a fabulous slice of sf from all parts of the city.make a reservation....or expect to wait!
I came here a few months after NOPA opened... great food and atmosphere... the snap peas were a nice touch too! :)
A lot of the 5 star reviews are for the neighborhood becoming gentrified, and trust me I'm all for that, but I really wasn't overly impressed with the food here. The drinks on the other hand are fantastic and deserve at least 2 stars, but there is almost no room between the bar stools and the divider between the dining room so forget about coming in "for a drink" because there seem to be enough people eating at the bar to form a barrier between you and that dark and stormy you've been lusting after. Gentrification = good, NOPA = mediocre but good for the area.
It's amazing what they can do with belly. I didn't think the combo of baked pumpkins, fried belly, sausage and pork loin would be good but boy was it. Prices are reasonable and the decor is nice.
I've been to Nopa atleast 3 times before and it was great every time. This Monday night...edible at best. Our wine took too long to come...our dinner took long enough we could have left the restaurant, had dinner somewhere else and then come back. We ordered the gigante beans to start which I've had before and were amazing...this time they were presented more like microwaved canned beans, covered in tasteless red sauce. My friend was beyond underwhelmed. We ate because we were hungry....then over an hour went by and my burger and her fish came. My burger was only slightly warm and really dry and served without any condiments except for mayonnaise. Her fish was hot and fresh but just okay. All in all, a totally sad dining experience in a city full of amazing restaurants. Maybe I just had too many of those awesome cocktails in my past visits?
Don't sit upstairs unless you want your meal to feel like a Bikram Yoga class! It's too hot up there. I was saddened by how mediocre the food was, despite great service. There are better restaurants in SF for less $.
This is a dessert review. Went there after listening to music at The Independent, just up the street. Still decently crowded at 10:30pm on a Tuesday night. Noise level pretty high; must be really noisy on a busy night, which is a bit of a minus. But service was superb, even though we were there just for dessert, which was really very good. Good coffee too. This'll definitely be on my list of late night places.
Agree with those who said that NOPA has better aps than entrees. I LOVED everything we ordered for entrees, from the warm olives (wow), warmed goat cheese with toast (absolutely the best one), the lamb flatbread (!!!), I could go on. It was all fabulous. The entrees however, failed to dazzle in the same way. My lamb was fine, but not exceptional. My dinner companions had the cod (with a way too bitter side salad, not very impressive seasoning on fish), and the pork (salty!!). The deserts, also not that impressive. The donut holes were great, but everything else was a bit hohum. Go there and stick with apps, and the fantastic wine list they have. You won't be disappointed.
Great restaurant..Food, Atmosphere, Service..All of our dishes were tasty..We had the flat bread appetizer to start with and for dinner I had the Salmon and Jenny had the Pork Chop. I must admit, my dinner tasted better. The restaurant was in a beautiful space. The only drawback was the parking. Parking in this neighborhood can be a bit difficult.
Went here for dinner with a friend. The place is very cool and spacious, with a upstairs seating area. We made reservations, so I am not sure how long a normal wait would be without reservations. The first thing I noticed is that it took almost 20 minutes for the waiter to come by and even serve us water and take our drink orders. The waiter was very nice, but slow for service. For dinner I ordered the Osso Bucco- the meat was so tender it fell apart with a touch of the fork, it came with sweet corn and dragonfly peas. The corn was fantastic and the sweetness of it mixed with the saltiness of the meat made for a great combination. I basically finished off everything in my plate. My friend had the squab which seemed like it was good considering she was gnawing on the bone well after she was finished. But the finale was the dessert! We ordered the creme brulee and the pear and cardamom cake. I have to say the pear & cardamom cake was so yummy I felt like smackin my momma! It had a sweetness from the pear and a nice spiciness from the cardamom. It came with a caramel sauce and whipped cream. Although the service was so-so, the food make up for it.
Great little jem on Divisidero! Very late hours and tasty deserts! We skipped apps and dinner but are definitely planning to go back! Plus, it has my chef friend's stamp of approval! Downside - wait. They don't take reservations - so to work around this plan to have a couple of very yummy drinks at the bar before dinner. Also, fun atmosphere!
The three times I've eaten here were dinner dates w/ the same person who happens to live two blocks away. Talk about convenience. Great wine selection that practically sings to us if you know your vino. Or maybe we were the ones singing. In any case, the place is hopping with hipsters, yuppies and half the neighborhood too lazy to drive elsewhere. They take reservations the day of, so call in when the doors open. Quality service and the staff seem to know exactly what's in the food being served. Always a plus. Now to the menu..I didn't care for the tagine. It was too bland for my palate and tasted like I was munching on cardboard. The hamburger my date had was much better despite the whopping $12. Does anyone pay that much for a hamburger these days? Go with the flatbread appetizer and the rotisserie chicken. Those are safe bets. Or just go for the libations and skip the meal altogether.
Finally had dinner here not too long ago. For an appetizer, had the salmon carpaccio. Simple but great flavor, plus I'm a sucker for anything that has arugula on it. I had the moroccan tagine; it was pretty good and hearty. However, I wish I would have gotten the pork chop. Had a bite of it and it was sooooo good. Drinks were okay. Tried the Elderflower gimlet & old cuban. They're a little on the weak side and they used way too much lime.
There were only four main courses to choose from. Four. There are more appetizers than that however, which, while odd, was somewhat of a saving grace.My roomie and I split the flatbread, the tagine and the kale. The flatbread was good, but not complicated by any stretch. It was flat. Bread. It had some asparagus, arugula and prosciutto. As the name would imply. You could stop by Trader Joe's and fix this up for yourself in as long as it took you to open the packages. The tagine was okay. Maybe I'm spoiled by my boyfriend's sudden passion for tagine after his trip to Morocco. I've been eating a lot of tagine. I'm sure you wouldn't imagine this to be too filling and you'd be right. The portions were pretty small.But the staff was nice, they gave us some free pate appetizers, and we liked the casual feel of the uniform (brown t-shirts).We also loved the "community" table up in the front. Good for mingling if you're in the mood, or a big group if you go with friends. Nice space.I'll probably wait before I go back. The food does not make up for the crowds that I've seen lingering around waiting for tables.
Like everyone else in the city, we were dying to try this place. We went on a Tuesday night, 6 of us, and rather than order entrees each, we ordered 6 appetizers and split them tapas way. We were very happy with all of our choices, especially the tangine, the flatbread and the white beans.
After the expected 1.5 hour wait for a table and a few drinks at Madrone down the street, we sat down for dinner at NOPA. All of the food came out really fast...maybe even a little too fast. The warm goat cheese starter was a little off...kinda just came as a bowl of hot cheese ala fondue. But the porkchop entree made up for the goat cheese and then some. It was a very tender cut and served excellently with grilled peaches. Staff was friendly and not over-attentive. Overall a good, solid dinner and its a great establishment for the area.
It's hard to believe these are the same people responsible for Chow. I'm willing to give the place a second chance because it's so new, but if the food and service are just as bad next time, I won't go back. I hope they do meat better than fish, because the calamari and sole were terrible.
I had a solid -- if not memorable -- experience at NOPA. First, the interior: beautiful space, high ceilings, long bar, with a small mezzanine level that overlooks the kitchen. The bartenders make solid cocktails (I had a rum sidecar), and its probably worth just coming here for a drink. But since I'd heard great things about the food, we went for the full dinner instead. We ordered the marinated olives and the smoky eggplant salad for starters. Both were pretty much what I expected. I had the grilled pork chop for my main. Very tasty, although I don't think it quite makes it into my top-5 all time pork chop list. There's alot of great pork chops out there, and while this one was good, it just wasn't "special." Nonetheless, I'd order it again for sure. The mashed potatoes I ordered as a side were perfect, classic mashed potato's. Not overly creamy or overdone with garlic (nothing against garlic mashed potatoes-- its just nice to see plain ol' mash potatoes done right for a change). My friend had the vegetable tagine, which was okay, but was a little light on the spices. We were too full for desert, so I have nothing to report on that front. The wine list was interesting, if a little abbreviated, focusing primarily on French, Spanish and Italian wines. The New World selections were mainly limited to California wines. Update: went back recently and had the Roast Chicken, which was fabulous. Also had the baked goat cheese as an appetizer, which melted in my mouth. For dessert, the doughnut holes are definitely a good call, especially with a good tawny port.
OMG! I was having an orgasm with their Halibut! It is rare that restaurants don't overcook Halibut. NOPA did it just right: it melted in my mouth! Everything I had was absolutely fabulous. I sat at the bar and had dinner. The bartenders were incredibly friendly as was the owner and wait staff! Their drinks are also great, made with fresh ingredients! This place is located 5 minutes, walking distance from my house...I will soon be a regular there!
How can you not love NOPA? I love to just go in and sit at the bar and order drinks and food all night! I haven't been there without striking up a conversation with the people next to us-sometimes even sharing food with perfect strangers!The food is consistently good. It's also approachable for those times that you need to find a place to bring the folks.I also love that they are open late. My boyfriend is a chef, so it is hard for us to find a time when we can go out to dinner. We have been able to meet here when he gets off work for a drink and a snack.
Went to NOPA on a Saturday night at 9...no reservations.  We were told we'd have a 1.5 hour wait but the bar was hoppin so we decided to wait it out. Had a couple of nice cocktails before being seated 38 minutes into our wait..not bad at all. So the service and ambience were great. The three stars is for the food. I had heard great things about NOPA, but honestly was a little dissapointed by my entree. The goat cheese/crostini, sardine and lamb sausage were great apps but our mains were sort of a let down. I had the seared duck breast which was a little bland and served over what seemed like undercooked and unseasoned barley. No fat on the duck, and very little crispy skin.  This really was the only negative, but of course the most important. Perhaps I just ordered wrong. I see the potential to have a great meal here so I'll def give it another shot.
mediocre service, overrated and expensive! beautiful restaurant though. had their "known for" pork chop, it was tasty, but VERY fatty, at least half of it was not edible, unless you wanna chew on pork fat.i can find much better food for $60/person at many other places in SF!
So glad I didn't wait any longer to check out this new addition to the Haight! Went in for a drink in the early evening with a colleague, which turned into a few drinks, some fare and funny convos with the neighboring diners at the bar. I started out with the 20th century cocktail (gin, lillet, creme de cacao & lemon juice) which was quite scrumptious, followed by the Last Word (gin, maraschino, chartreuse & lime juice) and that'll be the last time because I found out that chartreuse is not for me. Our gracious neighbors bought us our next round, which was the old Cuban (white rum, mint, sugar, lime juice & cava). Having sat right in front of the master bartender, we had been watching him whip up these concoctions with awe. Very much like a mojito with a kick, they were served in dainty champagne glasses and tasted divine! To quell the hunger pains, we had the halibut carpaccio with arugula, which was light & tasty, and the sturgeon entree complete with the necessary green accents of asparagus, peas & artichoke hearts. I loved the mural of the hood that graced one wall and totally dug the unisex bathroom!! NOPA brings a nice touch of class to the locale.Drink of choice: 20th century... something about that creme de cacao makes it go down oh-so smooth...
This is a great restaurant. You wouldn't know it was their first night by how well the staff handled a seriously full room. We tried everything on the menu. The herb roasted chicken was cooked to perfection, and the burger was one of the best I've had. The decor is warm and modern with lots of thoughtful details. One wall has a mural by Brian Barneclo, and they were also serving Recchiuti chocolates with Brian's designs on them.
FABULOUS!!! We came here for my friend's birthday. It's hip place in the middle of Western Addition. For a place that is new, the service is pretty good. Usually restaurants are still working out the kinks. The food was yummmmoooo.
Great food, great drinks. I especially like the one with the sprig of thyme in it. You can get seated pretty quick even when it's busy thanks to the communal table. Loved the pork chop back when i ate meat. Not too many vegetarian options, but it's not totally hopeless. Servers are really friendly AND it's open late. Minus one star because it's super noisy inside.
Soaring ceilings, clean modern new decor and good vibe of 30 somethings. They were still serving food at midnight. I only came here for a drink, but definitely want to head back to try out the food. The bathroom was interesting....common sink area so you can mingle with the opposite sex while washing your hands and watch the servers walking past you as you check on your make up.
Nopa is a great neighborhood restaurant. If I lived in SF (instead of Oakland), I would frequent this place regularly. We had their red wine stewed calamari. rotisserie chicken, french fries, and baked pasta. They were all delicious. The only down-side was the waitress who didn't "see" us though she saw the table and the chairs (but not us sitting there). She only came over after we called the hostess and even then, she treated us like a disappearing act.
My husband asked, last night when the sweetie took me to Nopa for Valentine's Day, whether Michael Bauer gets kick-backs. Bauer gave Nopa rave reviews. The food we had was pretty good, but not stellar. We did enjoy the polenta with Bolognese sauce--and I plan to make it at home. The other dishes, flatbread with a wee bit of butternut squash puree on top, white beans, and main dish of London broil, were so-so. The dessert, a chocolate pot de creme was not rich enough for our tastes and the chocolate chip cookies were hard and kinda stale tasting. My husband, though, gets five stars for taking me to the hot new restaurant for Valentine's Day.
I love this restaurant!
i thought it was cool to eat kind of fancy late at night. The warm goat cheese was so good. Cool atmosphere.
Make a reservation. They currently only take same day reservations, starting at 2pm, but at 3:30 on Friday the first table available was at 10:15. Totally worth it. The best darn potatoes au gratin I've ever had, sliced so thin it made me want to buy a mandolin. And the atmosphere was great too. Swanky enough for a date, lively enough for friends.
These people know how to cook. Great food. Three times in three weeks I had my fill there and each time I was more excited than the last. Once I actually sat facing the kitchen along the counter in the back--not what you would immediately think of as a desireable spot. But as I watched the kitchen buzz with activity I grew to appreciate the professionalism of the place. The carapaccio of salmon was sublime. Highly recommended. Be prepared to wait.
Ok, I take it all back. Mea culpa!I've been back three times since my original review, and I'm now a fan. Let me tell you why.Drinks: I love perusing the specialty cocktails menu--there's always something interesting. Like the drink with the green chartreuse made by French monks. Green chartreuse is vaguely reminiscent of Jaegermeister only acceptable, because it's French, made by monks, and served at Nopa.Food: To be honest, I don't remember exactly what I ordered the last few times, but it was all great. That much I do remember, and I think that says enough.Ambiance: beautiful! I love the tin-tiled ceiling and the loft-like feel. It's noisy, but so am I. Plus, I've never had a bad experience with the waitstaff. Always friendly, attentive and helpful. So, I admit, I've gone from "eh" to "aaaah." It's only fair to give a restaurant a chance to get its act together--I mean sometimes I need like three or four myself. ***Original review (1/13/2007):***Eh.My food was good, not great. My drinks were great, but not great enough to add another star. Prior reviews make it feel sacrilege to admit to being underwhelmed by this place, but the fear of God striking me down for dishonesty makes me feel even worse. So, eh.
NOPA was such a great surprise. I loved the open space and tall ceilings and was surprised to see how packed it is. The food was so fresh and incredible, yet simple and unique. The service was impeccable and the waitstaff very gracious and fun to talk to. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone. The only downside is trying to find parking in the area, but that's the case for most City restaurants. I will definitely be back in the near future.
Amazing, delicious, outstanding, comforting, hypnotizing, friendly, I could go on and on. This restaurant is the best in the City, hands down. The staff makes you feel at home, cozy, secure, but they serve you food that can easily outshine those seen in the best restaurants in the City. You feel like you are at a good friend's home when you come in....service is beyond excellent...no words...
I have been a few times over the last year or so and every time has been terrific. I really like the open space and fun vibe. The first time was on the late side one Friday night. Gotta love a quality place that serve food late. We had some wine and appetizers around the family table. The second time was with some friends and we had a nice dinner, once again on the later side. NOPA is a great addition to the Western Addition, hoping to see more in the future.
AHHHHH! My eyes rolled back in my head when I took my first bite of the chocolate pot de creme. I almost fell over! My app of salmon carpaccio and argula was a nice light start. My next course was the Mediterranean Fish Soup, can someone please put this in an I V bag and hook me up. WOW! I decided to have the squid for my entree. Let me just say that I would move into this restaurant if I could. I will be back
Really quite good, stands up well to its reputation. Not really that pricey when you consider the innate fanciness. I mean, you can dress down when you go there, but the sommelier always takes good care of you, the drinks are incredible (and strong), and the food is first class. I really like going here for a special occasion.
Haven't yet been disappointed. I am a fan of the "community" tables which not many restaurants do. And the fact that the kitchen is open super late. I really can't be critical about anything yet except for the decor. Not a big fan of the looney-toon wall aesthetic - the "popeyes" sign seen through the big windows from across the street is neat to match tho. And what's up with the kludged a/c ducts? That is if I really had to be critical. In truth, the staff is super gracious and attentive. The food and drinks are good. Add in some motorcycle parking up front and it's just about perfect.
Always lively, always delicious. The bar is great.
I can never complain about a place that has Belgian beers on their menu, though it is not a huge selection (there are about only a handful), just for that fact alone NOPA already scores high points with me. Oh yeah, and the food is good too. I was there just this past weekend, for a second time, and honestly I have nothing bad to say about the place. A big plus for me is that they serve dinner until 1 in the morning - how many places in the city are there that serve dinner that late?! We had dinner somewhere between 10 - 11 pm on a Saturday night, the place was packed but still got a table for 2 right away - maybe we just got lucky. The service was great and I would definitely recommend this place for late night eating.
Great warm room, great eats (although we only had apps...be forewarned: the flat bread is the size of a medium pizza) and good drinks. They were out of the wine we wanted but were suggested a delicious bottle. At a lower price point nonetheless. Definitely will be back again.
I'm not going to lie-- I was very skeptical about how good NOPA could be after all of the hype. It really lived up, though. Went with a large group for a birthday celebration and sat around the big communal table right by the door. I was one of the last to arrive thanks to Friday commute traffic, so didn't really get a chance to soak in the hipster vibe or apps before ordering. I sat down and 2 minutes later the waiter was asking me for my order. I had the grilled romaine- delicious, a bite of my date's cauliflower soup- delicious and halibut for my main course- also delicious. No dessert from NOPA because there was birthday cake. Every person around the table really enjoyed their food, which is a ringing endorsement. I hope I'm not frustrated by the wait next time I go.
NOPA is amazing. The food here is incredible. The atmosphere is fun-it's a nice restaurant but it's not pretensious. I've had the warm goat cheese and crostini-amazing, the tomato with crustini soup-best soup ever (I constantly look at the menu on line to see if they hvae it again so I can go get some), short ribs-yum, calamari-the bomb, pasta (with 9 hour ragout)-amazing (I don't buy pasta a lot at restaurants becuase I always feel like I could make soemthing just as good at home, but this was truly the best pasta I have ever had. I craved it for 2 weeks after having it), chicken-delicious, several varieties of flat bread-always good, and the pork chop-the best pork chop I've ever had in my life. Now, when it comes to dessert I can only say that I tried 1 bite of their creme brulee (and it was very good) but I opted for their espresso martini over dessert. I don't usually like coffee flavored drinks (other than coffee) but this is THE BEST martini I have ever had. It makes a perfect dessert.
My girlfriend and I had an amazing experience here. They serve dinner until 1am, and it's not a greesy diner - that blows my mind. We decided to go here last minute and the earliest reservation they had was 10:45pm which was fine, we weren't ready to leave the house until about 9:30pm anyways. We're young. No big deal. When we got there, the place was hoppin' - great atmosphere. We waited by the bar and had a great glass of Pinot while we waited. We thought we'd be there until 10:45 and have time for a couple glasses of wine, but the friendly hostess came over early and said she had a nice table ready for us. Pleasant surprise. So, I'll cut to the chase... the waitress was so nice and friendly, recommended a perfect bottle of wine for us based on what we like and what dinner we were having, our mussels appetizer was incredible (my girlfriend was drinking the broth straight it was so good), and then she had roasted duck and I had rotisserie herbed chicken. Both meals left us speechless. Next time we go back, we want to try their house made tortellini with braised beef, herbed ricotta and spinach. They were out of it by the time our reservation rolled around - which doesn't surprise me, that sounds ridiculously amazing. And based on the dinners we had, I'm sure it was. Oh, we also want to try their burgers, which were cheap and also looked insanely good. The food is all organic which is simply a bonus. And most menu items are locally grown, etc. Again - a nice bonus. Oh, we even had a nice gentleman (might've been the owner) come over and give us a free small appetizer out of the blue. I mean, it really doesn't get any better than the experience we had here. Highly recommend this place.
OMG. Everything was delicious. NOPA opens at 5, but they don't serve dinner till 6. Since we were not able to make a reservation on such short notice, I figured we would just eat at the bar. We arrived a bit before 6 on a Sunday and the bar was packed. So we sat at the community table and started off with the fried halibut from the snack menu, three small pieces with basil aioli sauce to hold us off till dinner. Oh, I must not forget to mention the Sherry Shrub cocktail. I was skeptical but curious and so glad I gave it a try. I've never had a cocktail with shrub, which is a vinegar based fruit syrup (huckleberry in this one). It was different, but a very enjoyable drink. For dinner, we ordered the flatbread, I had the pork chop and he had the burger. The flat bread was a great starter. My eyes rolled back every time I bit into a piece with a chunk of that salty, juicy bacon. Mmmmm. The pork chop was delicious. They give you a pretty thick an meaty piece that is cooked to perfection with so much flavor. My hubby had the burger with gruyere cheese and bacon and he loved it. It looked at least half a pound and he cleared his plate as if it was the best burger he's ever eaten. As stuffed as we were, we couldn't leave without having dessert. So we ordered the warm dark chocolate chip cookies with almond milk, coffee for him. How can you say no to chocolate chip cookies straight out the oven that melts and crumbles into your mouth? I just wish I had a larger glass of that almond milk. I will definitely be returning to try the other items on their menu.
Love the food, atmosphere, service. No negatives. And it still has the neighborhoody feel to it. Can be difficult to get a reservation but the communal table is a lot of fun.
The pork chop here is AMAZING. Even kosher diners would look twice. :) The seats at the bar are quite nice if you are into watching the chefs prepare food. It reminded me alot of the Greystone Restaurant in Napa where you can watch the chefs cook. Also, they don't require reservations for the bar seats, and the restaurant can be quite difficult to get into otherwise (you can also try the communal table). I was mentally tallying the throughput on dishes, and the flatbread pizza-like appetizxer was being produced with the highest volume. Much be popular- next time I will try it.
Tiny fried fish (sung to the tune of little fluffy clouds). alright, so it's a little off as songs go, but DANG are they tasty. Besides, it's great to order food that's such a complete description. Apps great and OH the desserts are killer. Finally someone figures out you can sub the vanilla in creme brulee w/ a more interestin flavor (bourbon in this case) and teeny donuts.
Before I put anything down, I want to say my friend actually thought about this place and suggested we try it. When we got there, the restaurant was packed. We were seated right away. Let me say first that the waitstaff is really professional and most of all friendly. I haven't seen this service in a while. My friend accidently spilled her water, and seconds later was wiped by the server who was always attentive. The food was diverse, I picked the tagine while my friend chose the grass fed burger. We both shared because we didn't wan't to miss the other's experience. The vibrance of the place isn't one to go to when you're in the mood for a reflective evening but an uplifting bustle.
Delicious grilled chops! Lucky us we were seated at the chef table on comfy mustard suede stools. People watching is excellent at Nopa! I sat totally relaxed and sipped a lovely rose' recommended by our perky waiter. I watched from my sweet perch as perfectly paper thin wood oven pizzas were pulled straight out of the piping hot brick oven. The communal table setting strikes me as very European, the bigger life experience of not only communing with our food but with each other. Tuck into big plates of lovely hearty food and get to know your fellow diners. Nopa can be loud so if you're looking for the low key "I want to eat every sweet word she says while falling into her big brown eyes' this might not be the place. It is the place for singles, small groups, meeting new people and eating well prepared and honest food. Next time I will try the pizza.
The food is great. The drinks are great. The atmosphere is great.. it is now only three mere blocks from my new place...What's the hitch...Reservations.The fact that you can't ever get a reservation-sucks. It's always 5:00 pm or 9:30 pm. I have had more luck walking in and waiting then I have ever had making resrevations. Which is fine for me. I like to drink at teh bar and people watch.But let me say this. I work for a really wealthy family that wants to try new places, but they are Not, I repeat, Not going to stand in line or wait at the bar. They want reservations.So I wish that I could send them for a great meal- b/c God knows the food is great. I mean I think this place could run with the big dog's- Zuni cafe, et al.But I can't deal calling 2 months in advance for a table for 4.Pleas for the love of God- figure out a better reservation system. I mean the place is huge. It has the space. Just figure out the timing.
I LOVE THIS PLACE!!! The atmosphere is very lively, crowded but not unpleasant, and beautiful (hard to believe that it used to be a laundromat). I went with 6 friends for my birthday, and the night was perfect! The service was wonderful, the food was excellent (flatbread, cauliflower soup, fried fish salad, roast chicken and london broil were delicious!), and the desserts were great (especially the rhubarb crostata and the creme brulee)! The prices are reasonable ($8-10 apps, $15-18 for entrees) too! I will definitely go back to this place!!!
Nopa is the new jewel on Divis and Hayes. It all starts with the open kitchen that sits next to the long bar and dinning room, its perfect. The huge family style common table automatically makes you feel at home. If you want to be less crowded and want some alone time with your Honey than I recommend the balcony seating over looking the entire restaurant thanks to their very high ceilings. The entire space of the restaurant is used brilliantly. The menu is very sheik and comforting with a flare of very unique and well plated dishes. I was very pleased with the high volume wine they carry in-house, and the staff is very knowledgeable and always very good at paring your dishes. I'm going on record in saying that this place will stand the test of time. Nopa is what San Francisco is all about, these guys did it right.
I think this is a great addition to the Western Addition... The atmosphere is warm and friendly...The drinks are good, and the mashed potatoes..... sexy
I've always had a great time at Nopa.  It has a good vibe, good food and more importantly......they make fresh drinks. I also like the counter dining feature since they only take same day reservations.
the wine list: crazy huge. but they were out of the muscato i wanted.the food: eh. the asparagus flatbread was tasty, but the pork chop was not lean at all and a little too rare for me. moist as heck though, so it had that going for it... which was nice.the decor: i love the bathrooms and the divisadero mural upstairs. the rest of it makes it look like a place in the marina.the staff: slow, but hey they're just starting out. they are mostly locals, though. the waitress from the western add, the exec chef came out to talk to us and is from the duboce. i would have otherwise made it a 3 star.
All I've been hearing is NOPA NOPA NOPA! So for my brothers 29th birthday we decided to make reservations. It was a wednesday night and they were SLAMMED! The energy was awesome, and the bartender was really on top of it, and very sweet. I loved the cool collage on the wall, basically the panhandle done in a very old school southern blues sort of way, the waiter told us he was a San Francisco artist. The restaurant was bustling, but there was no music!! I suggest the corn soup (I could eat a neverending bowl of this.) For dessert, you MUST get the donut holes....they were insanely delicious. The service was pretty good, the only I was turned off by was the co-ed bathrooms!! A guy came out of the stall, walked out, then realized a woman was in the bathroom, and came back to wash his hands. I thought this was hilarious!! Overall, awesome food and I'll be going back soon!
Loved the flatbread and my porkchop, but was a bit confused by the plate of 4 radishes, 2 pats of organic butter and little bowl of sea salt that appeared "compliments of the chef." Overall a tasty meal, but maybe that was the copious amounts of wine talking. We did, after all, wait nearly 2 hours for a table.
had a birthday dinner here, spent a good amount of $$$ (well I didn't but the people i went with did) but you know what.. it was worth it.. the drinks were strong but fantastic and very exotic and creative (and i have been a bartender so this is a compliment! ) ooh and they have absinthe and elderberry etc... the food was simple but tasty and the deserts were divine although we were all happily drunk by that course so i might be wrong. .. we made reservations so we had a table, but several people were trying to score seats at the bar... a little hint.. walk towards the back of the bar and you can find a space... silly people crowding up front and getting frustrated at the lack of seats.. duh!
The only reason I am giving them two stars is because of who I was dining with. I am so disappointed was so excited to try Nopa. The service absolutely was horrible! We sat there for almost 15 minutes before anyone even asked if we wanted water. Our server must have been having a really bad night, but pretty sure she didn't smile all night. The food was average, at best. The pork had about an ounce of meat on it. The broccolini was cold. The best thing was the beer, good thing it was in a bottle.
Great Bar (although missing hooks underneath for jackets and purses). Service was very good...scene was quite busy and mid- thirties to upper forties crowd. Bathroom clean but not intimate and the unisex vanity (next to the kitchen) is too close to the action...no primpin for the prom if you get what mean. Nopa is worthy of a visit I give it a few stars...keep making subtle improvements and create a signature entree... SNAP! I'll be back for more!
My girlfriend and I came here last night for our anniversary. This place wowed us. From ribs that slid right off the bone to cocktails that were actually worth the money, this place is a great place to enjoy dinner (even if it is midnight). The best late night dinning I have had. The best part was it was honest food. With simple ingredients that worked together, it did not have to try to hard. The atmosphere was not pretentious and the food was reasonable. I recommend the Warm Dark Chocolate Cookies with Almond Milk for dessert. I can't reccomend this place enough
Have to start off by saying that the wait staff and hostess were super attentive. Started with the white bean app. It was so flavorful! I ordered the trumpet pasta and my friend ordered the halibut. I have to say that I only tasted lemon throughout my whole meal. Don't get me wrong it was yummy but too much zest or something. My friend halibut dish was awesome. I will be back again. Also enjoyed the ambiance...
while i generally scope out To Do and tablehopper for great date night ideas, it was the sublty stylish gay men that led me to such gems as Nihon, Two, and Frisson who shouted the good reviews for NOPA. unfortunately, the lackluster service, overcrowded, noisey, and ultimately mundane atmosphere did not live up to my expectations. the food was good. the company was good. but it was far from memorable. and in san francisco, that's usually the kiss of death. i am still unsure what floats NOPA's overwhelming popularity and reputation. the food was, as i said, good. it is --at the very least-- a sure bet. you're not going to walk away booing the food. but: where it was supposed to be pleasing, it was instead deafening. people packed at the bar, and packed around the door, waiting for tables. it wasn't romantic. conversely, it was not homey or comfortable. the bar, while well stocked, and containing a wide variety of fine liquors, was incredibly overpriced. service was swift, but not really friendly. they proved efficient enough to stay afloat on a very busy evening, but thorough answers and kindness were obviously sacrificed. (our very busy, competant, and obviously overworked waitress couldn't be bothered to describe the menu or make recommendations other than "that's our popular dish.") all in all, its a well run restaraunt with a delicious menu. but its the kind of place i would take my parents when they're in town to celebrate something. conversation would be (thankfully) limited if not completely drown out by the mass of patrons. service would be swift so that i would not have to spend too much time with the family. and they would be pleased enough with the food to feel as though they had been treated well by their eldest daughter.but i wouldn't venture to go there again by myself, with friends, or on a date. NOPA was too boring. and i don't want to be remembered as a woman with dull taste.
fabulous dinner...cocktails, ambiance, sommelier, waiter, hostess, fabulous night indeed! three hours and doors closing behind us...always a treat.
what can i say that hasn't already been mentioned? i met the executive chef here last night, he's a funny dude, but you can afford to be funny when you're in the top 10 best restaurants in the city. met the owner of the joint too, something about him came off as not real. our bartender, ken was exceptional. we had the shaved aspargus with bacon and poched egg for our appetizer. for our entree, i had the pork chop, my friend visiting from Seattle had the duck. delicious!
Nopa is a trendy bar/ restaurant in the NOPA area (ie north of the panhandle). We came on a Friday night when the weather was terrible and rainy so it was not overly crowded. Nice use of space- there is a common table, a bar, and individual dining tables. The high ceilings and loft/ upstairs really open the room up such that it feels very spacious. We decided to sit at the bar, since we were just going for drinks but had we wanted a table, there was one available. The staff was very friendly. I started with a drink made with elderflower syrup, lime, and vodka. Amazing and incredibly strong. My friend had some kind of drink with chartreuse in it that was good. For my second drink I had something with gin, punte mes, grapefruit, and blackberry root tincture. Apparently the blackberry root was made especially for them, you can't buy it, rather you had to extract the roots in alcohol. The drink was delicious! It is pretty cool because they had all these samples of drink additives on the bar which we could sample, like the blackberry root, some bitter among others. We also enjoyed some french fries with garlic aioli which was quite good. Next time I want to get the melted goat cheese and beets on crisp bread, since someone offered me a sample and it was amazing. So all in all Nopa is a classy and "grown-up" place and I will definitely come back for the drinks. They were some of the most creative, unique, and well crafted concoctions I've ever sampled.
I've heared so much about this place and finally got a chance to eat here. After all of the hype I heard I'll admit I was expecting a lot, and they delivered. I sat at one of the big community tables not having to wait at all. The menu was well thought out and not overwhelming. Service was very good and the food was excellent. Wines by the glass were reasonable and food was not overpriced as well. This is the new trendy spot to eat in NOPA (to me it will always be western addition) but if you can get by all the marina fucks trying to slum it in this neighborhood a great dining experience.
Somehow it seems pointless to write a review of a place that has been reviewed by 1038 people already, but I still feel like putting in my $0.02. Anyhoo, back to NOPA, I was like 1 of 3 people in the city that still had yet to try this place out, but had kept hearing it was "all the rage." So I went... and totally enjoyed myself! The staff is super nice and, like any super cool 20 to 30 somethings, we started the night off with a drink at the bar. They had a good drink selection of beer, wine, and hard liquor (awww, yeaaaah), and also had some mixologist concocted fancy drinks. The reason for the non-5 star review is that my drink kind of tasted like a monkey, a monkey past its prime. But, I guess that is not the restaurant or bar's fault, I just didn't know I don't enjoy drinks with "bitters" until that night. Dinner was superrrrrb (with the sassy spanished rolled r). Our appetizer with the mussels and clams was scrumpdeliumptious and we asked for more bread so we could sop up all the broth when all the shellfish was gone. I also highly recommend the fries. They're skinny-cut and freaking awesome... sort of like a high-end MacDonald's french fry. Rad.
I've heard such great things about NOPA, and I was not disappointed. The restaurant itself is absolutely gorgeous, although it's a little loud due to the amount of open space. Everything we had...crispy fish, the pork chop, the black bass, and the fries were fabulous. They have a really extensive wine list too...
I liked the space, good food, great service, no fuss.
Great food, great atmosphere, and being able to get a great meal at midnight are huge plusses. I would of given 5 stars except one MAJOR setback....parking. It is next to impossible to find a parking spot within 5-6 blocks of this place and they don't offer vallet. I would eat there 10x more often if they had vallet service.
time to "pile on"...great food, and open late....a very rare breed of restaurant in SF, and I hope they enjoy a Zuni like lifespan. the list of rhones was a wonderful surprise, as was everything we ate (soup, pork, flatbread, burger, chcken, ...)
Let me say, first - that NOPA would be one of my top 7 all time favorite eating joints in this city for the food alone. Then allow me to add it moves to top 5 if I factor in the attention to detail and professionalism of the wait staff. This all gets even better when I factor in that they are within easy walking distance and it becomes a dream extension of my kitchen. (yeah, I wish!). I have worked my way through most items on the menu, from the second week of their opening and yes, some are better then others, but the key items I keep coming back to are without a doubt some of the best representations of their kind I have ever had. It is very hard for me to imagine how the chef infuses the smoky, woody flavor of oak and herbs into the chicken, London broil and pork chop. I had the pork chop last night and it was as moist, tender and flavor full as a rib eye steak. But a pork version of it. Yes, the other white meat.I truly believe that the key reason the service runs so smoothly is because at least two of the three working owners are present and engaged in every facet of the operation throughout the evening. Many nights all three are in the house.My only suggestion for improvement would be to rotate in a few new items more frequently. I mean even for as good as they are, one can only eat so much chicken, beef, and pork done the same way.So, 'nough said. Love it. Glad to have them in our hood.
After reading all the Yelp reviews, I have to say, I am let down. I still give it four stars because they cocktails were certainly worth the $9, strong, unique and delicious! However, our waitress was terrible, had no information to really share and just repeated that everything was "amazing". My boyfriends pork chop was the highlight, it was like a big piece of bacon. However, my nine hour bolognese was so so. I personally like my own pasta better....I had a way better pasta at BELLA in the Richmond and couldn't help but compare, because the quality of the pasta at NOPA just was not there. The scene is certainly "hip", I am glad we were sat upstairs because the place is loud. I prefer the smaller places, but if you are looking for a drink and appetizers with friends late night or to meet new people, it's a hot spot for people watching/meeting, especially at the community table. Good food, but not all it's hyped up to be.
Wow! Great interior! Love the huge windows and the communal table in the front. Impressive wine list too. Can't give it 5 stars because my roommate felt his duck was a little undercooked, and the sole wasn't anything fantastic. But, the space is amazing. The staff is quite cool too -- everyone was friendly and helpful. I'll be back quite often as I live around the corner, and they're open pretty late.
Good neighborhood restaurant/bar. I wouldn't trudge across town for this, but it being a block away, its the best thing in the neighborhood. Food is good, nothing inspired or innovative, but solid. Drinks are good. Service is excellent.
I loved this place. A bit pricey but if you find yourself there, you'd think you were in Hayes Valley. Full of yuppies and 30 somethings. The food is fabulous and the drink menu is maybe thee times as long as the entree menu. Check it out, you won't be disappointed.
Delivers every time. Great food and arguably the best cocktail program in the city. Incredible value on the wine list as well as an interesting selection. Cool staff. What more can I say? I don't know of anywhere where you can get that level of food, drink, service and atmosphere for that price at any time of the day or night. I love the fact that they are open late. Best industry hangout in the city hands down.
It really does live up to the hype--I loved their rotisserie chicken-well seasoned, crispy skin, tender meat. Drink selection is nice too-they make a mean sidecar, and the quince drink was good too.
It was about 30 minute wait without reservations that evening. The bf was getting steamy for waiting that long. He prefers a more laid back dining style (ie Park Chow on Irving and 9th) and I really wanted to see what the hype was about. The food WAS good and the setting (we were sitting in front of the kitchen on bar stools watching how the chefs prepare the dishes as each one of them came out) was awesome. I think sitting in front of the kitchen was the highlight of our dining experience here. Bf got the pork chop with cabbage and I got the meat dish. We ordered a side of fries and there was a tiny tasting of some sort. Our waitor was ultra friendly and not too overbearing.
this place has really good fries and good dessert!!! i highly recommend their sticky bread pudding....typically i always gear towards the chocolate desserts but this time I think you should try their bread pudding over chocolate pot-au-creme.....the whip cream that comes with the sticky bread pudding is a perfect combination!!! It's like eating sticky buns but better cuz it has a crispy side...They had a drink old Old Cuban which is a mojito with sparkling wine! Very interesting combination!! This place is usually very difficult to find parking but try going a little later...you'll bound find parking and get a seat at the restaurant ;-P
The excellence of the menu is second only to the incredibly thoughtful wine list. With a generous focus on Southern France (Rhone) provincial wines (but a healthy appriciation for the Northwest (they even have an Oregon Pinot), there is not a single bad bottle on the list. The dishes are expertly prepared, and the portions are more than sufficient even for those of us with heartier appetites. The staff is incredibly friendly and accomodating which is a huge factor in my enjoyment of restaurants. Nopa can add me to its list of regulars!
When NOPA first opened, the hubs and I were regulars - now we can't get in to save our lives. Last week we walked in around 6:30, and were recognized by the wait staff and greeting staff as regulars - then were told that because we were good customers, it'd only be a 45 minute wait....no thanks! The food is good, the staff is fun, but the hassle is...meh.
I am so happy that I discovered Nopa. The food was great (tasty california-mediterranean), the scene was bumpin and the staff were all totally cool & friendly. Even my dad who always grubles about restaurent food enjoyed his meal. The Bourbon creme brulee was good enough to eat for app, entree & dessert...can't wait to go back!
I wait every morning in front of this place for the 21. Having watched its transformation, one can understand my excitement to actually go inside and eat. We put our name on the list at 8, but didn't get sat until 10:30. But the hostess/partner Allison, hooked us up with some fries and their calamari salad. The food was good, the service wonderful, the drinks cheap and strong, and the bathrooms were a religious experience. They hit the nail on the head, hats off to NOPA
nom.nom.nom. it's good to know someone at a place like this or you'll be waiting a long time. i don't know anyone. i'm still waiting to eat here again. the drinks are awesome. i don't drink anymore but if i did, this would be one of the places i'd start my fancy drink crawl.
I have lived in the Divis corridor for over 8 years, and have seeen the neighborhood change for the better. I was very excited about this restraunt, and even told people about it before they even opened as I always thought Park Chow had solid food. Well, I have to say I was pretty disappointed upon my first visit.While the design, atmosphere, and staff wea re exceptional....the food just wasn't! Not that it was bad, it just didn't seem to make an impression. When a meal for 2 costs $60+ I'd like to leave feeling satisfied with the experience, and able to recommend the place to others. As someone mentioned in a review above, you do have to give restraunts time to find themselves so I will def. go back for a second chance.
it's funny - I actually went back here for cocktails, to meet some friends from out of town - my friends were at the large table, standing in the bar area - they told me that they had already placed an order for drinks 20 MINUTES AGO... and still hadn't been served. A bad start, to be sure - the waitress was just not into her job - tatoo'd, pierced, great cleavage, and I'm sure, very very hip  -  good at her job?  I'm afraid not...We stayed for one round of drinks and left.BAD SERVICE, WORSE ATTITUDES, AND EXTREMELY HIGH PRICES.So what's left - Next time, I'll only go in to use the bathroom.
The service is fantastic and attentive. After having come here on serveral occasions for drinks and appetizers I finally enjoyed a sit down meal...and the wait-staff might just be more tasty than the dishes...
**update** after going back to nopa a couple of times i have to say that their food is akin to your favorite college bound brother making you dinner by following the betty crocker trendy gourmet cookbook. in other words...just not quite there. almost there, seems like it's there...but just not. the campbell's soup of california cuisine. that said....i *still* love it. and dining still isnt just about the food. *see notes on atmosphere, staff, and late night dining...dining isn't just about the food. i love this place. every staff member walked around with a gigantic (and mostly authentic) smile on their face. it's a great addition to this very lacking neighborhood. the atmosphere they've created is great. big, open spaces. little private spaces. tables on the mezzanine overlooking the floor, the big A frame front door, the long bar. little alcoves. i couldn't imagine ever having table envy in this place.the food: i had an elderflower gimlet. really good. sort of like a vodka mojito. *remember that i said 'sort of'. the califlower soup was good, but didn't taste at all like califlower. the flat bread didn't work so well. avoid the pickled beets on the goat cheese plate. i love beets. i love pickled beets. and trust me, these are really pickled. but no, i didn't find the amuse of radish weird. just cute. radishes are good. (the butter and salt thing? eh. i'd do it with cilantro and vinagrette like absinthe) and so the food isn't GREAT. but if you're not in the mood for sushi, what the hell else are you gonna eat in that hood? A+ for open late. 1am 7 nights a week?!?! i should change my rating to 5 stars just for that...
Riblets, mashed potatoes, a glass of cabernet franc, and a seat at the bar is a perfect way to end a long work night. Jeff, Laurence, Allison, and all of their excellent bartenders truly know the business. Thanks guys, I'll keep coming back.
After reading the multitude of fantastic reviews for Nopa, my friends and I were able to secure dinner reservations for a Saturday night. When we arrived 10 minutes early, we were told we were not able to be seated until our reservation. The restaurant was empty. The bartender was good. She was pleasant and helpful. She was the only person who made us feel like we were the customers. The service was lukewarm at best; professional yet very detached. For the food, the flatbread is amazing - the goat cheese was a perfect touch. The fried little fish was also delightful. Our dinners were fair. The french fries are good. My chicken was cooked perfectly. However, the reason for the 1 star - when I asked to have the chicken boxed up, they not only put in what was left over, as in the pieces I DIDN'T eat, they also boxed up what I DID EAT. Careless and thoughtless is how I would describe the evening. No one cared. Food is good, but I have definitely had better. For all the hype, I think I'll eat elsewhere.
Love it, love it, love it! Interesting wine list, unique space, great food...but the real draw is the location (kitty corner to The Independent) and the awesome staff who dole out consistantly solid service.
LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS PLACE!! I've only ever sat at the bar because some of my friends bartend here and it is top notch. Such the perfect marriage of comfort and neighborhood vibes with a dash of high-end! As a fellow bartender, I really appreciate the passion that the bartenders show for their craft. And in the spirit of how well-balanced this place is on all levels (aesthetic, food, service) the bartenders neither err on the side of making too big of a production of their cocktails nor on the side of leaving anything lacking. They have such a humble passion and love for what they do and they really genuinely try to educate the clientele instead of trying to act holier-than-thou like so many other places in the city. Their beverage program is among the most progressive and copied in this entire city -- half of the bitters, essences, flavorings, and components they use in their cocktails are hand-made on the premises, even down to stuff like grenadine which is usually crap that most places buy in bulk . I just was in there tonight and tried their version of Bailey's that they make with Earl Grey tea, cinnamon, Rye whiskey, and cream (delicious!). The Derby that they make is my current favorite libation, a classic cocktail that's been wonderfully updated by Bar Manager Neyah White.
The pork chop is incredible, the roast chicken is divine, and the cocktails are heavenly. Of course it is sometimes crowded, but that is because it's a popular place. Worried about the crowds? Go later in the evening. I think they are open until 1am.
Chef Lawrence Jossel is a food god, and aren't we Panhandle People lucky that he decided to open NOPA. This neighborhood has been a restaurant wasteland for years!! Well not anymore. Delicious, comforting and soul stirring food in a gorgeous room with sky high windows. The crowd is an ecclectic mix of all types. The wine list rocks--super funky, cool and fun with the amazing and helpful wine guys Jeff and Chris to steer you right. How is it possible that the staff can remain calm, cool, collected and helpful when NOPA is soooooooo busy all of the time? I love this restaurant. P.S.. the doughnut holes with honey are addictive, and they always run out so don't say I didn't warn you. Also, Nathan behind the bar is a lovely prince of a man. Plus NOPA serves until 1 a.m.I love this city with all of my heart, but our late night dining options are pretty lackluster.
Honestly, NOPA's fatal flaw is that it is totally overrated. Which, i suppose, is not really NOPA's fault. Or is it? I think the food is fine, even good. But I'm not at all blown away by it. As far as ambiance goes, it doesn't wow me in that department either. In fact, I think it's pretty pretentious and sceney, and intentionally so. I don't like to hang out with PEOPLE who are "try-hards," so why would I want to go to a restaurant that has that same personality flaw? I have friends who swear by this place, but I feel no affinity or special emotional connection towards it, which is something I need to have to really find a restaurant to be one of my favorites. or to rate it more than 3 stars. I do think a lot of people would be perfectly happy here. But next time I want to drop $50 on a casual dinner, I would much rather go to RNM in the Lower Haight, which has a comparable menu (perhaps slightly more impressive) and WAY better ambiance.
It's a zoo in there and the service is definitely the first to suffer. The food was fine, but really nothing amazing. The little gem salad was a bit heavy on the creamy vinaigrette, the mashed potatoes were good but could have been even better. The flatbread (ricotta and ham) was sadly very bland. The dessert was the highlight, a brown butter cake with boysenberry and vanilla ice cream -- not too heavy, just perfect. Still, the scene in there was a turn off. The decor is nice but once again, so sleek it lacks originality.
Late night dining option always warrants an extra star. Retread decor is not appealing, but you can't go too wrong with enormous windows. It's funny how NOPA (ha!) has changed. Out goes Brothers-in-Laws, in comes trenderific Nopa. Liked the appeal of Tsunami and thought Little Star fit, but now getting Pac Heights bleed over. Nevertheless, a burger and a drink at 1 AM is a welcome addition to the Addition.
The food is solid with a pretty basic menu. If you look at the menu online, it won't wow you, but when you sit down and are doing your post meal review, you'll walk away impressed. Plus, the bar is a pretty chill spot to grab a drink and potentially be the victim of a cougar hunt.
Loved, Loved, Loved, it!!!!  It's a must. Very friendly wait staff and excelent food!
loved it. loved it. loved it. since i work late im glad they are open later so i can still go out after work. all the food was fantastic. our server was super friendly and really helpful and attentive. he really made me feel better after i accidently knocked something (a knife) on to someone sitting on the lower level ( yikes. that was embarrassing.) i was a little bummed when they told me they were out of lamb for the night, so i got the short ribs, and boy was i glad they were out of lamb. those short ribs blew my panties off. great place. cant wait to go back again.
everything was bomb. desert was a bit weak. pirata drink was meh. capirinha was awesome.
Hooray, they are a lot better.
Been here several times now, and each time is a delight. Service is excellent, cocktails are tasty, and the food is always a hit. Only reason I don't give 5 stars is the inability to make reservations, so invariably there is a wait to get seated here.
Great fabulous restaurant! I love love loved the decor and ambiance. Super trendy and hip but with the power to stay. They have a same day reservation policy that makes it a bit discouraging. But hit that autoredial and you should be able to get in. We originally tried for a sat nite and never got though...so you best best bet is to try for the non peak nites. Everything we had was delish. the fava beans and baked goat cheese was scrumptious. my main was cod and it was tasty and filling. for dessert, the simple but very satifying warm doughnut holes with caramel sauce. yum-o! my best friend has been to nopa at least 6 times and has tried everything on the menu and cant stop raving. Oh and ps. the bathrooms. so cute. communal hand washing stations but little boys and little girls pee rooms are seperate.
We went to Nopa on New Years Eve and miraculously got a seat for six at the long communal table by the window. We drank a bunch of a local sparkling wine which at $42/bottle was a great buy as well as some other various cocktails and a very special rum. We also had the little fried fish (delicious), warm olives (delicious), french fries (delicious) and the panettone (also delicious). The best part about it wasn't even that the food and drinks were superb or that the decor and communal table was great. The best part was that our server knew the menu and the drinks inside and out and was incredibly courteous, professional and helpful. He helped my friend that drank the rum order something different than what he asked for, then brought out the bottle and told us all about the history of the liquor and suggested other things to try in the future. I wish I could remember his name, he deserves props. All I can say is that he has a beard and he worked the section by the window. Thanks, bearded waiter man.
Great place, but terribly noisy. We sat against the wall with the cushions and chairs, so it was cozy, but we were still constantly repeating ourselves. My friend from high school and I took our moms here for a little girls dinner out. Really lovely food, and the ingredients fresh and top-notch. Started off with an amuse bouche and some twist on the mint julep. Between all of us, we had the halibut, pork chop, roasted chicken--all superb. My friend, who was about a week from giving birth, had the burger, medium, and fries. Simple right? It came to her bloody, ew! She picked at it, then asked the waiter to cook it a little more. It returned: still bloody! The waiter was sooo super nice, and offered to take it to the kitchen again, but my friend was too frustrated and politely declined. Oh well, we forgot all about it with the baked alaska dessert.
A place I would try again due to everyone talking about how great it is, but I failed to see it my first time.I took my buddy Brad here for his last meal as a single man. I heard the place had a good atmospere, which it did, but it's really about the food isn't it?We started off with the flatbread. It was good, but wasn't amazing.I had a craving for a burger, so that's what I got. A lot of people will probably give me shit for basing a restaurant review on a burger, but not all burgers are created equal, and if you're going to have it on your menu, it should be as good as everything else. Anyways, my burger was overcooked. I had ordered it medium rare, but it came out medium. Not that big of a deal, it's pretty hard to temp a burger correctly, but regardless, it wasn't anything to write home about. The fact that it was grass fed beef is great, but it still needed something else to make it a gourmet burger worth $12. It would be great if they added andouille sausage to it or something else that would make it a little tastier. The fries were great, but I didn't understand the Harissa Aioli accompaniment. Since the burger wasn't fancily done up, I didn't see a reason to have a Tunisian mayonnaise. It wasn't strong enough (lacked heat and salt) to accompany the burger, and I would rather eat my fries with ketchup. I know I'm being tough, but I heard rave reviews about this place.Brad got the london broil as he was told it was one of their best dishes from a friend. It too was overcooked. This one we actually sent back. When it did come back, the quality of the beef was great, but lacked salt. The veg, which I think was chard and something else, tasted good but was room temp. In a restaurant this can sometimes be a little scary. = OBy dessert we were both pretty full, and Brad was on his sixth Jack & Coke, but I had to try the dessert. I asked the server for a suggestion, and he suggested that I try an ice cream since they were made on premise (from what my friends tell me, I should have gotten the doughnut holes). I ordered a scoop of the chocolate, and it was ok. It was heavy and left a film in your mouth which normally means that there is disproportionate amount of egg yolks in it. I will definitely try the doughnut holes next time.I don't think I would come back to NOPA on my own accord, but would give it another try if a friend wanted to go. I'll let you know how it goes.
Fabulous food and knowledgeable server. BUT, it was IMPOSSIBLE to hear my friends who were sitting across the table from me. We had planned this dinner for months and the content of our conversation was more important to me than the food. It was a real bummer that I didn't get to hear half of what my lovely ladies said.
We had heard so much about NOPA that we had to give it a go on an evening when we were seeing a show at The Independent down the street. When our cab pulled up to the restaurant the noise from the restaurant sounded like we were outside AT & T Park when Barry Bonds hit a home run. And the cab's windows were closed as was the front door of the restaurant! I have never been in a louder restaurant ~ EVER ! We sat with our group of six upstairs and we couldn't even carry on a conversation without literally yelling across the table. Now then, the food was good especially the rotisserie chicken which had a rich smokey flavor. My wife had the pork chop which was huge and also had that nice smoke taste. In fact, the food was quite good as were the martini's but we still can't get over the volume of the place. When we returned a month later it was the same thing. The workers must be going deaf in there. One other drawback is the parking. As it's in a residential neighborhood, we made the mistake of taking our car there the last time. Looking for a parking space for 50 minutes does nothing to improve a good meal. I take away a star for the loudness though as it's very frustrating and sadly, despite the great food, we won't be back.
Had a great, first time at NOPA Friday night. Order the awsome flat bread and pork chops! Delish!Loud but really happy friendly place with really nice staff!
Holy Shit - I am the 997th review of this place. That is just pure insanity. Went here for the first time a few weeks back and really loved it. Just a really top-notch experience.... not like anything I say in this review hasn't been said before, but whatever people, I will write it anyway! First off, we came early (~6:30) on a Tuesday night, and the place was just starting to fill up... really like the space, love the communal table at the front (that is one of my fav things about Town Hall too), and I wish could've sat in the little upstairs loft - I think that would have been cool. Beware, it got extremely LOUD as the evening progressed. I don't really mind that, but just FYI this will not be a quiet dinner. The drinks were fan-frickin-tastic. Very creative, the descriptions are written very cryptically, so we asked a lot of questions - our waiter was great and very helpful. I had the Wash House - martini style with basil and lime, which was really yummy - but really strong - I downed it quickly and then had to switch to something else for fear of getting too wasted.... so I then had the Hai Q, which is a fancy vodka tonic, but WAY BETTER, with cucumber vodka which is sooooo yummy. The Q-tonic is really light and doesn't have the same aftertaste as regular tonic. Onto the food - we sp'it the goat cheese crostini and the sausage flatbread to start. Loved both of them, except I hate beets, which is what the crostini is served with. No biggie... but I heard they used to serve it with tomato instead, which I'd be way more into. Then I had the Gnocchi starter as my main course, which was really fabulous - love the sauce (rich but not grossly so).  My companion had the halibut, which I sampled some of, and it was really really good. So light and fresh - served with a really great corn and pesto combo. Then, for dessert we split the brown butter chevre cake with blueberries and lemon verbena ice cream - this was absolutely to die for... it was different than I thought - I thought it would be more of a cheesecake, but it's not - just light and fluffy and amazing and the ice cream was the bomb. I would come back just for this dessert - it was sooooo good.  Loved this place - will definitely be back to sample more of their fabulous food and cocktails!
Haven't had dinner there yet, but stopped in for drinks and dessert. Bartenders were really nice and recommended a yummy dessert. We will be back for din din.
so good. so, so good. I'm a vegetarian, as is my boyfriend, and when I see that there's only one veggie option on a menu, it had better be good. It was. The service was unpretentious and knowledgeable. A bit hard to hear the person I was with, but that's just because the place was absolutely packed, and that's just because it's one of the best in the city.
My bf and I had dinner here late on a sat. night. We chose it beacause they do serve late and the food is usually good. This time was no exception, good food; not great but good. On the other hand we had a great server, he made us feel like we were his only table. He gave us very solid wine advice, and after dinner when we just wanted to enjoy the end of the bottle....he let us. Wow, truly great. Can't wait to go and sit in his section again.
i hate telling people that i live in the Western Addition, so NoPa it is. with that a side if your not paying 16 bucks for you bergers, your simply not at the most "i am so cool, cuz i go to __ every night for drinks after i am done being a 30 somthing professional". It's good foog, but get there early to avoid all the smug that rushes in after all the law firms close, even that bar tender had a "I'm too good for you ora"
Yes...we're spoiled here in the city. What a better place to get quality food late at night. Grass feed burgers...great!! The London Broil...yuuuuummmm!!
definitely a cool dining spot in the area and great for groups...would go here again with a group of friends if we didn't want to stray to far into the city.
Atmosphere was great- totally packed on a Tuesday night..food was good, but not spectacular...drinks were good...except the 20th Century Cocktail...that grossed me out.
Great food in a nice open setting. Staff were friendly. Lemonade was perfectly sour. It was a bit noisy but the food more than made up for it. We ordered the flatbread (generous portion) and the lamb riblets as appetizers. For entrees, we ordered the excellent pork chop with a side of mashed potatoes and the flavorful fish stew. It was too much food for two but all delicious. Looking forward to trying the desserts next time.
great place to meet friends for a drink or a yummy meal. i went with a group of friends and enjoyed my yummy meal. great atmosphere!
I should have tried NOPA sooner because, as usual, all the hype led to a less than stellar experience.So, don't ge me wrong, the food was good, which I guess is supposed to be the point. My chicken was very flavorful if not a tad dry. The Nine Hour Bolognese is also very tasty.I've read several reviews that talk about the odd bites that get sent out. We too received such an oddity. Ours was tiny bread (like so small Barbie wouldn't bother finger-throating afterward), with a spot of pesto and salt. Frankly they were only OK. The oil from the pesto soaked in to the bread and made it greasy.Atmosphere-wise I do really like NOPA. Nice and open feeling, unlike so many cramped little SF restaurants where you have to sit on top of your neighbor and can hear every word of their boring, hipster conversation. A nice, simple decor that reminds me a lot of some of the really cool restaurants in New York.I had to knock the rating down some for a few reasons:1. Overpriced for what you're getting. A roast chicken breast is nothing special or complicated. It should be priced accordingly.2. They do not refill soft drinks. Hello, its 2007. Get with the program. If the iced tea were some outstanding thing I could understand. But it's just iced tea. Keep my glass full and shut up.3. The staff seemed a little disconnected from the customers. Almost like serving us was the secondary reason they were there. Not outright rude, but not warm and welcoming either.Anyway, not a bad experience. I'll probably try it again at some point, but I'm not frothing at the mouth to run back in there.
I LOVE NOPA!!!! Great atmosphere and fantastic staff. I always try the thin crispy flatbread (varies weekly) and the porkchops are superb. I was very sad to see the chocolate malt ice cream off the dessert menu- it was amazing. I usually come here for special dinner nights with my family or birthday, etc. Always a wonderful time. Our waitress last night with the short red hair was fantastic- thank you so much!
The food was really good, but i was unimpressed with the bar service. I ordered one bottle of champagne, and then wanted another drink or 2. So the bartender she asked if we wanted another glass so we agreed and when the bill came, the 2 glasses of champagne was the same price as the bottle! She did not ask us what kind we had wanted but then again, most people who first order a bottle are not looking to pay the same price for 2 glasses. SHAME...the food was good but the bar service was lacking and unprofessional.
This place has been so hyped up, I went in expecting to be disappointed. Turns out, it was the best dining experience I've had in a long time. We sat at the counter facing the kitchen, which was so fun! Our server was friendly and helpful. My mother would be happy that he gave us new utensils for every course and never, ever stacked our dishes as he took them away. The flatbread was just as delicious as I had heard, and my pork chop was, perhaps, the juiciest one I have ever experienced. Oh man, and those roasted peaches that go along with it - I groaned in delight every time a took a bite. The cocktails are unique and delicious, and our dessert (donut holes with caramel sauce) was the perfect ending to a perfect meal. Great service, great food - who could ask for more?
Visited San Francisco last weekend and this restaurant was highly recommended by my friend who lives there. The place was packed and had a great scene. We had a 9 pm reservation and weren't seated until close to 10. Because it was so late, they did comp a free appetizer which was appreciated. I ordered the sea bass and was very disappointed - fishy tasting when sea bass is supposted to be fairly mild. Our waiter was not the friendliest and overall we weren't happy with the experience. We spoke to the manager on duty and he listened and completely understood all of our concerns. I don't live in SF so won't go back -- maybe it was just an off night because my friend that does live there has been a few times and loved it.
We were nicely greeted at the door which means a lot to me. I choose a booth and realized they had beautiful art work up stairs and an additional dining area. My friend ordered some type of cooler which was great, I took one sip and could taste all the fresh flavors. For myself the rest of the night was a disappointment. I ordered the zucchini appetizer, when it cam it looked so unappealing like big green chunks of mush. The server just said try it its good, I think everyone knows you eat with your eyes. I took one bit and was disgusted. My friend ordered the London Broiler, he was nice enough to share it with me. It was fine, he said the mash potatoes were the best he had ever had. I was a bit disappointed because after I complained in a nice way about my dish , the server never returned, I had to put out my credit card for her to finally come over.
It's been awhile since I've been back and I had forgotten how good their food is! Everything is really tasty. It was three of us so we shared a bunch of stuff - got the white beans, the little gem lettuce salad, the mussels, a side of cauliflower and the sturgeon. The sturgeon was cooked perfectly and so incredibly delicious! We had to end with a dessert - the blood orange upside down cake - which was pretty amazing. I love the food and the space but I do have to say, it's become way too much of a scene. I'm sticking to weekdays so I can avoid the B&T crowd.
I was so excited to eat at this place. Went there with a group of friends and started out with their fabulous wine list. The service was excellent. The food was...something to leave me feeling a little funny about. The calamari was not what I expected, so I was pleasantly surprised at how good it tasted. I opted to get the burger to see why it was so expensive. DRY!! I had to smother it in ketchup. Overall, I tried just about everything on the menu since there was a group of us and we all shared everything. Favorites were definitely the calamari and the fries that came with the burger. The flat bread was so oily and everything else left nothing to be remembered!
Yes yes yes...I love Nopa...love them love them tra la la.So rarely does a restaurant have me singing praises...But I just can't help myself!I went to Nopa with my cousin on something of a whim. She'd had a drink here and heard other diners exclaiming the delicious-ness of their food.So, we decided to forego my usual spots for this one...We sat at the "chef's bar". A small, four person bar located directly in front of the open kitchen. We watched all of our food prepared and saw the other lovely creations going out to other diners. I wanted everything that went by!I had two martinis with three olives...The olives were EXCELLENT...Not those soft, sad olives you expect from a bar. These were gourmet olives. And they were yummy!Next, we ordered our meal...Rotisserie chicken and grilled broccoli with a lemon anchovie aioli. While we waited for our food to come, our waitress, who was very friendly, brought us two slices of a tomato and a little bit of seasalt on a little plate. ..I know...I was thinking the same thing, "...really? a tomato?"Having been two vodkas deep I can't really remember the name of the local farm she said these particular tomatoes were from, but she did say that they were organic, local and delicious...So we dabbed them in seasalt and ate them...Now, I already like tomatoes...but these...these little gifts from the gods, these tiny bites of vine-ripened bliss! My, they were yum.Honestly...they were.So after a significant wait (Friday night, packed to the gills) our food arrived. All I can say is "WOW".Just so good. The moistest (is that a word?) most delicious half of a chicken these humble taste buds have ever met. Paired up with yellow and green string beans.The broccoli was magnificent! The aioli was a perfect accompaniment.The lemon was bright and tart against the grilled bitter perfection of the broccoli.We shared the meal, more than enough for the both of us.Along with the usual temptations you'd expect on a desert menu, Nopa also offers desert teas.We ordered a peach oolong tea. It was very good. The perfect close to an excellent meal.All in all we paid more for drinks than food. The menu offers items ranging from around $10 up to $20+. Great prices for such good food.Tra la la...yay.++++Wonderful food prepared in an open kitchen.+Great ambiance+Full and generous bar+Very friendly wait staff+Diverse menu+Very fairly priced- - - -Pretty darned crowded-Noisy. Very noisy-Expect to wait...for a table...for your drinks...for your food...for your bill.
So went here with the new s.o. and the parents, which could have been anxiety-producing but was actually rather enjoyable. I credit the restaurant entirely. First, we didn't have a reservation and they sat us right away, although we had only two of our party (it was 6:15). Second, they were really really nice about it. No eye rolling, no sigh, just smiles and a friendly lead to a nice booth. I had read reviews and heard about how hard it was to get in, so I expected an hour wait or at least an attitude. None of it. Made me want to move back to SF immediately. Third, when I asked for something "sweet and strong" to drink, I was guided to the lemony martini that was amazing. Also without attitude. Not only was the drink tasty, it was potent enough to have my usually reserved mother flashing her perma-smile and telling stories about costume parties, which was rather enjoyable for all of us. We started with the flatbread and the goat cheese, both amazing. I had the burger with bleu cheese, which I loved, although the bleu cheese is that expensive super strong kind that can overpower a perfectly good burger. The french fry dip was everything its cracked up to be. But, and I'm sad to have a but, the only drawback were the bathrooms. Individual stalls? awesome. Communal sinks that open to the restaurant? Awkward. Adjusting myself in front of my boyfriend and my father and my server? No thanks. But the dessert almost made up for it, although by that time I was on my second martini and I might have found the napkins appetizing. Love the scene, too. Bright and lively without too much attitude.
Nopa is great! Managed to get in on a Saturday night with no reservation. Great cocktails, amazing food. Well worth the wait at the bar and all the hype. It's nice to have some classy places popping up in the neighborhood. Try Nopa for dinner, and then walk two blocks to Candy Bar for dessert! You won't be disappointed!
I just don't understand the hype??? My friend insisted I give NOPA another go and sit at the bar instead of the table. I thought the ambiance was nice but that the food was at best mediocre. We had the pork chop which was nice but not spectacular. The cocktail menu was interesting but overpriced. Can someone please tell me what is soo special??
Reasonably priced drinks, but I think the food tries a little too hard. I prefer the Chow menu/atmosphere. Same food, same owners, better bargain. The buildout is nice, though...
So a friend and her father were visiting out of town, and he suggested we go to NOPA. I'd never been before, but it seemed like a good idea... and damn straight, it definitely was. Every single thing I ate here was delicious. We had the goat cheese crustini, the flatbread w/bacon onions gruyere & radichio, and the hearts of romaine. Now, i'm not much of a "greens" person but the romaine was amazing. all of it was. I got the burger as an entree w/ blue cheese and bacon. I don't think i've had a better burger in my life. And i've had a lot of burgers. Same thing could be said of the accompanying fries. One other thing to mention is that they actually have a rather good beer selection, not extensive, but high-quality. I started out with a Chimay (semi-unfortunately, red not blue), then we ordered a bottle of the Foret Organic Saison (i love saison) and finished up with a delicious French "goat farmer" ale Lebbe's L'Amalthe. All in all, a spectacular dinner.
i was trading some im's w/ a friend today re: nopa ... he had the brilliant idea for me just to cut and paste it for my review:friend: what up dudeme: sup?friend: happy b-day (late)friend: you go to NOPA?me: yep .. went to nopa on wednesday nightfriend: meet your expectations?friend: Yelpers are 50/50 on the placeme: i've been meaning to do a post on yelp ... it's kinda like a love/hate thing i'm feeling. some great things (cool space, lively crowd [heavy on the marina-ites tho] , some really good food [burger, doughnut holes]) and some not so great things (one hostess was a bitch, our server was sybil ... one minute nice / the next really cold, some not so great food [leg of lamb])me: a few things that pissed me off ... 8:15 reservation and they had us wait in the bar area for 20 minutes when there was 3 or 4 tables open ... and they sat two groups that came in after us ... our server didn't come to the table for 5 minutes and the first thing she says is 'what can i get you?' no "sorry for the delay' or 'how are you doing tonight?' or 'the specials tonight are ...'friend: WHOAme: AND they took a full glass of wine off the table when we went outside for a smoke before our dessert arrivedfriend: CARDINAL SINme: they replaced it w/ another glass .... but the waitress made the comment that 'no one on the staff fessed up to removing it' ... almost as if she didn't believe mefriend: well you do lie frequentlyme: you're right, but how did she know i'm a liar?!friend: ...so i think you should copy this IM convo and post it to yelp.... me: wicked ideafriend: 2 birds; one stone
There were 4 of us, and we had tagine, mussels, porkchop, and flatbread. Everything was great!
have been here three times since moving to SF and have never had a bad dish. not just never had a bad meal, but every single item me or my fellow diners have ordered has been delicious. great food. wishing i didn't live across the street though. it's killer to not go here every night. i just can't afford all that deliciousness.
Love this joint. Great food, great peeps, and great wine. Open late too. Really cool place. Love the space too. A little crwded sometimes but totally worth it.
I wish I could say that this place rocked.  I wanted to like this place. The ambiance was beautiful; the crowd was very low key. But the food-- the food was a dissapointment. It started off well enough with some very notable appetizers such as the lamb riblets, celery root soup, flatbread with sausage. They were all very delicious and we were anticipating a grand meal if the appetizers were any indication of what was to follow. But it was anticlimatic. I had the duck, one friend had the chicken, and another had the porkchop. All were incredibly dry. How does duck get dry, one asks? I'm not sure since duck has a very high concentration of fat to keep it consistently juicy and tender. Aside from the texture, the pairing of duck and lentils was a very poor choice. The lentils were stewed in beef broth which completely overpowered the subtle flavors of the duck. They did, however, have a great bar and made a killer Gibson. I'll give them due credit on that. But chances are unlikely that I will be going back here.
Came to NOPA this week with some friends treating me to a belated birthday dinner. Had 7 pm reservation. Had a glass of wine at the bar that was pretty yummy. We were seated 15 min after our reservation, but the hostess was very nice and checked in with us letting us know that they were running behind. The waiter brought us complimentary warm olives for the wait. He also brought slices of watermelon drizzled in some fancy spicy oil that was nice and refreshing. I of course ordered the pork chop. After reading all of the reviews, how could I not? My god, do they braise the meat in bacon? The flavor was so great and the meat (unusual for pork) was cooked perfectly and not over cooked. I also ordered the corn soup which was perfect. We sat upstairs, which was a little toasty and the place is very loud. The decor was warm, I liked the exposed rafters. My friends ordered the Salmon and the baked pasta (with bacon) They were tasty, but the pork chop really out shines the other entree options here.
This is a server's server restaurant. The night we went there, Monday after our shifts, it was still fairly busy but we were promptly greeted and seated. Everyone works as a team, which can be a rare find in the mercenary-esque state of nature known as the food service industry. That being said, the teamwork allowed for a very good experience. The server made very good suggestions. We had the seared sturgeon - awesome, rotisserie chicken - succulent, gigantes - perfectly cooked; not too tender, not too crisp. And to top it off, they're open late. The only problem was that they had already 86'ed the much celebrated donut holes...but it was late. Next time Gadget, next time.
Near perfect. I came with a friend without a reservation on a Monday night taking a chance on either the bar or the wait list. I really liked the ambiance and vibe of the crowd and the design of the interior. We got a table in about 30 minutes. During that time my friend and I took advantage of the creative drink menu. I had an Old Cuban which was an emasculating but tasty bright green drink in a champagne flute. She had the Dark and Stormy which was really good as well. We were seated and ordered immediately. They gave us an amuse bouche of snap peas with rock salt which was a nice surprise before our appetizers arrived. We started with the wild salmon carpaccio which was the only disappointment of the meal. The salmon was tasteless with the exception of the pepper on top. We then got the flatbread of house smoked bacon, broccoli di cicco, garlic and parmesan which was fantastic. The crust was delicate and the toppings were just a great mix of flavor. We shared the entrees of the pan seared halibut and the grilled pork chop. The halibut was cooked just right and the tomatillo salsa was a really nice complement to the crispy and moist fish. But I'd have to say my favorite of the night was that pork chop...because well, it was cooked in maple butter! That pork chop was the most juicy and tender pork chop I've ever had. Granted it was a lot more fatty than I'm accustomed to, the crispy outside coupled with the sweet maple butter made that pork chop pretty darn amazing. We topped off the meal with apricot torte with honey ice cream which was a seasonal dessert recommended by the waitress (who was excellent and very helpful with her candid recommendations). I'd say with the exception of the salmon carpaccio, this meal was as close to near 5 stars as you can get at these prices. Believe the hype!
Our party of 4 was seated promptly at our reservation time when we walked in, which was surprising considering the crowd waiting in the bar. The service is friendly and attentive, our waitress was happy to discuss the menu with us and make suggestions. Overall, the food was incredible. My pork chop had almost as much fat as meat, but the taste of the meat made up for it. The fish stew, vegetable tagine and seared halibut were all delicious. We ordered a side of mashed potatoes to share---they were possibly the best mashed potatoes I've ever had. The policy of having to start calling at 2:00 for a reservation the same day you want to eat (and getting a busy signal repeatedly, like trying to win concert tickets on a radio station), and the triple bomb noise level are the only negative factors to an otherwise fantastic experience. We'll definitely be going back.
A great new addition to the area. The service was fantastic as was the food. For apps -- halibut carpaccio is to die for, the baked goat cheese and crostini was also good. I had the sturgeon which was described by our waiter as a "beautiful tasting fish" and he could not have been more dead on. It was phenomenal!
If you want details, read the 900+ other reviews. Here is the quick scoop - get the flatbread! Service is great, atmosphere is great, and the food is delicious. Reservations are needed for a table, but the bar service is solid.
After hearing raves about Nopa from the likes of Half Nelson W. and Mark C. Mrs G. and I finally had dinner there last week, and we were impressed. Mrs. G had the marinated squid salad to start and I had the wood baked giant beans. Yes, I know, I actually had a meat free starter but it was damn good. The combination of the perfectly cooked beans with tomatoes and feta cheese was tasty and hearty, great for a chilly SF summer evening. The squid in Mrs. G's salad was very tender and was well matched with the sweet fennel and bitter endive and crunchy garbanzos. I had the baked pasta with bacon and rabbit for my main course. I was on a baked trip that evening. A lot of people say that rabbit tastes like chicken but I have to disagree, it tastes much cuter, and the salty, smoky bacon was a nice contrast. Mrs. G had the braised lamb shank and since she isn't a big eater I got to finish it. neither of us were wowed by the dessert choices but I chose the donut holes which were OK but nothing to write home about. The service was attentive but never intrusive but by the time we left the volume level in the restaurant made conversation unintelligible without yelling. Definitely worth a return trip
It is beautiful, hip and chic. When I arrived I was greeted promptly and I told the host I would wait for my date in the bar. The bar was crazy packed, and it was a little ridiculous trying to get an order in for a drink. Once a bartender finally took my order I must admit I was pleased, they had an excellent gin selection-most other liquors for that matter. I saw my date arrive and shortly thereafter I someone came over to get us seated. I was seated upstairs and the table wasn't bad at all. I ordered the soup, she had the goat cheese, beet salad thing. My soup was tasty, the goat cheese was good, overall appetizers were appetizing. A little skimped on the beets (3 or 4) that came with the goat cheese. I had the burger and she had the sturgeon for the main course. Here was where the meal went downhill, the burger was "alright", the meat was overcooked and it wasn't crazy with flavor. The sturgeon wasn't terrible, not phenomenal though. Up until this point NOPA was looking at a five/four stars solid, then something very small but critical to me occurred. I looked down and in front of me was a check, what was this doing here? I surely hadn't ordered it, (or asked for it) and I in fact was planning on ordering more to drink, apparently the waitress had other plans for the evening and wanted to get us out of there. Don't drop checks right after they clear the plates from the entree, it really makes a nice place lose it's class. Overall: Great selection of booze, good menu, damn good service with a fatal flaw (fortunately this doesn't ruin it for others as much).
thank you center-cut pork chop.  you are truly one of the best entrees in the city right now.
All I can say is "Don't believe the hype." I've now dined at NOPA twice, and was sorely disappointed with my food both times. Sure the staff is friendly (save for the busboy who asked "You finished with this?" while simultaneously removing my wine glass which still had a sip left... And at $9 a glass and a decidedly ungenerous pour, I wanted that last sip!), but overall it's just not worth it. The decor is interesting - though I'm over the open kitchen idea as it just seems to create an excessively noisy atmosphere - but who cares about the decor when the food is over-salted? (My friend and I both shared this sentiment - and she had a hamburger!) My friend also ordered her hamburger medium and it was definitely pink all the way through. Overall, I find the food unimpressive and even a bit pretentious. SF has plenty of restaurants with great service, great ambiance and great food, which luckily means, I'll never have to dine at NOPA again.
so i FINALLY made it here last nite before catching a show at the independent. since there were only 2 of us, we were able to snag two seats at the bar, where they also serve food. i actually recommend going this route, b/c you get speedy service, and the bartendars are very nice and helpful. you can also grab a seat the communal table in the front. since i'm a libra, i am very indecisive, and the bartendar was able to help us make some decisions on what to order. my friend and i shared the butternut squash flatbread, which is just as yummy as everyone boasts. we also had a side of asparagus and the baked pasta w/ radicchio, cream, breadcrumbs, and parmesan. since my friend is vegetarian, we held the bacon, and it was just as good. i must disclaim that i usually hate cream sauce, but i was seriously about to lick the claypot that the pasta was baked in. it was so delish and filling that we had no room for dessert. parking here's a bitch.
So I just viewed the pictures that were taken by a reviewer. The menu changes seasonally which is good for me to know. I just went there on a Saturday night. The place is really posh and modern. It was crowded. We didn't have reservations so we had to wait about 45 minutes at 930pm. The good thing is dinner ends at 1am which is a plus for those who eat late. They have a loft which you can oversee the restaurant and have a good view of what's going on in the kitchen. They have a long table for people to hover and eat. The bar was full, everyone seemed to have a good time. My friend and I got seated up at the loft overlooking the kitchen. It was great seeing the chefs preparing the meal. The head chef seemed like he was in his own world in the restaurant. There was something very calm and neurotic about him. He was very methodical about the asparagus - the way he seasoned and grilled the asparagus was very non chalant and precise. It was great watching him. I ordered the pork chop and my friend order the rotisserie chicken. We saw how everyone was ordering the fries so we ordered after we placed the order but it never came. The water did not come with ice and not cold, which I did not prefer. The water glass was smaller than what we Americans are used to so it seemed like I was dying of thirst because I had to keep pouring water in my glass. The waitress was okay but wasn't all that talkative. After we ordered we had a an amuse bouche which was a small square of foccacia with an arugula pesto and sea salt. That was good! My pork chop came with some kind of herb butter sauce on top of the meat. The pork was grilled to perfection. It was sitting on top of a mixture of peas, carrots, and bacon. I don't know how else to explain it - it was just plain good. My friends chicken came - it was like half a chicken on top of baby romaine and huge seasoned croutons. The chicken was super moist. The best part was the skin. It was super crispy - so good! A bit on the salty side if you just eat the skin by itself, but other wise two thumbs up for me. Dessert looked amazing but opted not to go for it. The donut holes rolled in sugar accompanied by a rum caramel sauce looked so tempting. We are going back and this time I will try the appetizers and dessert. You can make reservations at opentable.com. I suggest sitting in the loft but it is a bit stuff up there.
Some of the best comfort food in the city...don't get stuck upstairs...it feels like you are eating in barn rafters. Service also ends up suffering.
YEP-A. Everything we ordered was great, from the little gem salad to the rotisserie chicken to the dark chocolate ice cream with toffee and caramel -- YUM. One head's up: Unless you like the sound of deep-fried whole sardines, avoid the "little fried fish." Also, not the best atmosphere for conversation, as in it's slammin' loud in there.
Okay, here's the deal...the drinks, appetizers and desserts are divine at this place! The entrees are not as good as the apps or the desserts. My favorite app is the Runner Beans -- they are truly amazing and filling. The atmosphere is nice, but loud! This is one of our favorite places to go for a nice glass of wine and some great apps. The communal table is a great for ordering a bit of food and a few drinks.
Worth the wait. Put our name in and waited 90 minutes for a table. Thought it was a little crazy to wait so long but we did. Started off with a nice glass of Spanish wine and some local beers. Ordered the asparagus soup and calamari. The soup was smooth and deeeeelicious. Not real hot, luke warm. I'm assuming it was suppose to be like that but it might be served a little warmer. The calamari was different, sauteed and served with some chickpeas and sorrel. It was light and so much better than the usual deep fried version that makes you wonder later why you ordered it. For dinner, we had the grass fed burger which was a HUGE hit, very, very tasty. We also had the flat, wide pasta (homemade and definitely noticeable how unique and fresh they were), small clumps of fennel sausage, spinach and cooked in a light beef type broth. Very tasty and very pleasing to the palate. Dessert....of course! A very dark chocolate pudding cake with a chocolate/caramel sauce comes along side a small pot of vanilla pudding with lavender. Nice combination of flavors to end a wonderful meal. Crazy place....left after 11pm and the place was still hopping with new diners coming in!
A group of friends went here last weekend for a girls' night out -- a wonderful new addition to the SF dining scene! The space is lovely, with its high ceilings and warm but minimalist decor. When you walk in, there is a large communal table that gives off a fun, laidback vibe, though not to worry if you prefer more intimacy -- there are plenty of tables for smaller groups. We were seated a few minutes after our reservation, which we were able to get easily when I called on the dot at 2pm the day we wanted to go. The waiter was super-friendly if a bit spacey -- he didn't know a ton about the wines or food, but was earnest and willing to find out answers to any questions we had. Between all of us, we sampled the vegetable tagine, the pork chop, the London Broil, halibut, mashed potatoes, goat cheese appetizer, donut holes and sorbet. All were yummy!!The best part is that for a busy, bustling restaurant, we were not rushed at all. Girls' nights out are all about the chilling and easy conversation and NOPA was not trying to shove us out the door to make room for another group. Even after we paid our bill and decided to linger for one more drink, our server was happy to let us stay at the table rather than force us over to the bar. The place was still buzzing at 12:15, a rarity for a restaurant in SF.Bottom Line: great casual-elegant addition to the SF New Amercian dining scene.
Great space, great atmosphere, but just ok food.We had some friends from out of town in and thought it would be a good place to check out to taste the whole menu. Overall I think they are doing a good job, but the food just didn't stand out. They also have an odd reservation thing, you need to call after 5 on the day of. It worked for us, but it's a little strange.
I've visited NoPA four times. You usually need two weeks advanced notice to get a reservation, not the month marketed on their website. Reliably, everyone I have spoken to on the phone and have met in person at the hostess stand has been friendly and provided several options for me to patronize their establishment. I have been immediately seated by the host, followed by a quick greeting by the wait staff each time without fail. The wait staff is knowledgeable and does a great job checking in periodically without being obtrusive. The place is loud but that's because everyone is having a great time. Food presentation is always consistent. My top three items are 1) goat cheese with beets, 2) pork chops, and 3) rotisserie chicken. The menu is simple and clear and the selection of food aligns well of the restaurant's theme of urban, rustic, seasonal, and local. The pork chop and chicken are both properly cooked thus are tender, juicy, with lots of flavor. The wine list is a careful sampling at different price ranges. Expect one or two options of wine by the glass options for lesser known varietals or regions. I think it could grow by a third at least. That said, I haven't had a bad glass yet. If anything, the food is underpriced. As for ambiance, it's a great scene in an old building reminiscent of "mad-men"-esque elegance. You expect to pay more for a scene like this. I noticed the great flatware but don't recall the brand. Local singles like to hang out in the no-reservations-required bar area where the same food on the menu can be served there. Great option but it is loud and crowded. Strongest aspects - food, ambiance; weakest aspects - noise and they sit pairs on the second floor.
It's my birthday. Right now. And I've got a little buzz, which is very rare. But I can't resist the Old Cubans at nopa, because I love mojitos and I love champagne and apparently some old communist figured out how to do both at the same time, and it's delicious. The first time we went to nopa, we were meeting friends and it took like 40 minutes to find parking, and then we had to wait another hour to eat, which really irritated me because I used to live in this hood before it got all hipsterrific. Let's just say it was back in the day when people weren't trying so hard, there was no rebranding of the western addition, and the only thing on the corner of Divis and Hayes was a shitty laundromat, Popeyes chicken, and Bean Bag's tasty potatoes. Anyway, I digress. The food is amazing and all is forgiven. And this time, for my b-day (because Aziza is closed on Tuesdays), we got there at 6, parked on Divis, had a drink (with seats) at the bar, and were seated in 15 minutes. I couldn't not order the pork chop again because oh my god it is good. But just to test the magical powers of the kitchen, we ordered the roasted sardines with eggplant salad appetizer. And F yeah, it was awesome. That's right. Sardines.
Okay, I'm review 909 but it's worth it. This place has great vegetarian choices, and I love the feel of it. Beautiful high ceilings, concrete floors and a nice long bar. Cocktails are equally good - I'm looking forward to trying more. I went with a few girlfriends on a Saturday for dinner and it was buzzing and tons of fun. I'd probably go back again on a Monday or Tuesday and just hang out at the big communal table with a nice glass of wine.
while the food was good, the service sucked & the noise was unbearable. Go to Zuni.
what can i say that has not already been said in the other 885 reviews of nopa? the food, atmosphere, service, clientele, cocktail list, wine list, and desserts are all fabulous. i also love the open kitchen and simple preparation, particularly of the side veggies. the baked pasta, pork chop and vegetable tagine were all delicious. the dark chocolate dessert was tasty, too. as far as drinks go, i highly recommend the mojito-like drink with cava, as well as the elderflower gimlet. already i can't wait to go back! the only thing that would make nopa even better is if they had valet parking - finding a spot nearby is no small feat.
I thought I should add my chunk of change about Nopa and make the number of reviews an even 320. That's right- I'm the 320th review! Let's party! But I digress (I've been wanting to use that phrase for a while now). I accompanied my friend who wanted to grab a bite to eat but I had a late lunch so I wasn't too hungry, but I was ready for cocktails. And they had a lovely bourbon drink called the Derby Cocktail which was exactly what I was craving. It's hard to find a good whiskey or bourbon cocktail, so that Derby alone warranted 4 stars. Plus I liked sitting at the community table even though I was slightly weirded out by the concept at first. There's a very welcoming vibe at that table- don't be scurred. I had a few bites of my friend's little gems salad and butternut squash and potato gratin which were pretty tasty. We ended up splitting the baked goat cheese with crostini as well. We saw our table sharers eating that and it wooed us. See? Community table is a very clever concept indeed. I'll have to return for a full meal, although they are not as veggie friendly as I would have hoped. That's okay- a few Derbys and I'll be just fine.
I am sure I am repeating a lot of what has already been said. This place is fantastic. Went for first time last night and had heard good things. First off, we had no reservations on a Friday, which normally isn't a good idea. However, we figured we'd give it a shot and either snang a spot at the community table or eat at the bar. We were pleasantly surprised to actually get a table in 20 minutes which was just enough time for a round of drinks at the bar. Our server, Tabitha, was very knowledgeable and steered us in the right direction as far as what to order. We started with the flatbread, which was excellent and large, perfect to share. For entrees we ordered the pork chop and I had the salmon, knowing that I would most likely lose the dinner contest as our server highly recommended the pork chop. First off the salmon was sublime! Only way to describe it. I paired it with a nice crisp white from their eclectic wine list. The pork chop was excellent as well. We were both quite stuffed so no dessert, but this place is getting put in the regular rotation for sure....
After all the hype, just had to go here to see for myself! I really liked the space inside and the layout. Nice that you can see the chefs doing their thang while you're enjoying their food. Also, their restrooms are like Straits in San Francisco; a cool thing. Anyhow, we had reservations, which is key. We were seated at the bar to have a drink while they prepared our table. I had a glass of wine, my date had a delicious, and I mean delicious beer. It's a German beer called Hopf. Anyhoo, for appetizers we had the braised calamari and the fries with garlic aioli. Both were delicious. The calamari was not served how I imagined, but still was really good. For my main course, I had the cod. Love at first bite, plain and simple. It was cooked perfectly, not too rare, not too done. It melted in my mouth. It was served with lentels, creme freshe, frisee, and naval oranges. My date had the pork chop, which was a bit fatty. However, the flavor was wonderful, even similar to the bbq in Texas, and that is a complement, believe me. I wanted to try dessert, but was too full. So, my NOPA experience was a pleasant one, needless to say. I feel the place is cozy, good for a date, and good to meet up with friends here.
I'm sure 740 reviews just isn't enough.. so let me also add my 5 stars. It's fantastico. Cocktails, atmo, food, service. Yum Yum. I try to go once a month, but it's hard, b/c reservations are needed well in advance. It's a little noisy, just so you know.
An important part of reliable evaluation is identifying the true yardstick for the context. While some may criticize the folks behind Nopa for offering comfort food dressed up as affordable fine dining, I'm more inclined to commend them for it. If you're looking for innovative haute cuisine, then yes, you'll be disappointed by Nopa. If you believe the restaurant is disingenuously attempting to pass itself off as a fancy, upscale establishment, then you are, in my opinion, being uncharitable and, well, rather cynical.It is, after all, difficult to imagine that a restaurant has delusions of grandeur when it shamelessly offers French fries as one of its appetizers -- one that I and friends ordered upon a recent visit to Nopa. The basket of French fries was a great way to start our meal. They came expertly fried with perfect proportions; each fry had a hefty yet slim half-inch-by-half-inch profile, a crispy golden brown surface, and a moist and thoroughly fluffy interior. The conversation-starting harissa aioli that accompanied the fries, however, was what elevated the dish from a familiar snack food to a noteworthy hors d'oeuvre.My entree was the Mediterranean fish stew, which came in an addictive tomato broth spiced, in deft moderation, with saffron and fennel. Served with a large buttered and toasted slice of sourdough bread -- effectively, one oversized crouton -- the stew was spot on. My friend -- let's call him "Chris Crane" -- ordered the pan roasted black cod, which I sampled, and although I had only one bite, I immediately began to covet his choice in food. Another friend, our go-to burgerphile -- call him "T-Bird" -- had the grass-fed hamburger, but the Bird reported that while the bun was exceptionally buttery (a plus) and the meat was fine, the burger, in toto, was merely satisfactory. For dessert, we shared a meyer lemon ice box cake with huckleberries, which came somewhere between chilled and frozen so that each bite had a frosty, crystalline crackle to it, and it was a fine, fitting coda to our meal.The service left little to be desired, and the fully stocked bar served some well mixed cocktails. The dining area is a spacious single room with a lofted ceiling and, it seems, highly sound-reflective surfaces, so even at our table of six, it was hard for any of us to converse with more than one half of the table at a time.
i like you nopa. you have a very juicy and delicious hamburger. you also have some decent cocktails and resonably priced wines. your linens are cute and staff friendly. i like sitting at your bar and watching the food fly off the line. that espresso martini looks interesting and i will have to try it next time. overall-quality experience, jess and dad date nite approved.
This place is packed and noisy. The food is good-- I enjoyed the calamari salad and salmon entree. The grilled broccoli and squash sides were good too. The fries were excellent. But what I didn't like was waiting 45+ minutes for each course. That is a little ridiculous. I spoke to another friend with NOPA experience and he said the same thing happened to him-- twice. Long wait between courses, the noise and food that is good, but not spectacular earn NOPA only two stars from me. The place reminds me of Town Hall, but I think Town Hall has slightly better food. On another note, I saw Joan Rivers here when she was in town. Barely recognized her until she spoke. She looked like that weird socialite cat woman on those random entertainment shows!
Love this place! The food is excellent, service was great. Not sure if this place could be any better.
The food is good, but when you figure in drinks and all the delicious extras, it turns out to be a pricey meal. Also, I hope they make the menu more extensive and that they open a window or two...It's kinda hot in there..
lucky me! i get to make my sophomore visit to nopa tomorrow for my sis' birthday dinner. comfy atmosphere, delicious food, not a drop of pretentiousness anywhere - it doesn't get any better that this. their pork chop and burger are absolutely incredible... so much so that it makes me sad because i'll probably never get to try the other entrees on their menu!
the thing i love most about this place is that they keep going on strong until last call. i've come here for full-on group dinners, i've come in at 1 for a juicy burger, and sometimes i've come here just for their awesome espresso martinis. the interior is nice and spacious, and it just seems they've paid a lot of attention to detail in general. a great all-around place.
good food, but definitely not living up to the hype. the atmosphere and service are great, however. if you can get a seat at the bar i recommend it. good people watching and the specialty cocktails (coming from a guy who normally won't touch them) are great.
where to start ..oh yeah,lets start at the very beginnninga very good place to start when you read you begin with a..b......cwhen you sing you begin with .......what the fuck?the noise alone made me feel like i was 50.i actually found out that 34 is the new 50.it was like a constant cacophony that didnt let up even though we were there from 845pm till 1145pm. i felt like my grandmother."its too loud to eat" i now feel you,nana.we got there 15 minutes before our reservation at 9. it was adriennes birthday and it was the earliest reservation i could get. the plus of this time slot was there was no traffic on the bridge coming or going.the minus was that normally id be getting ready for bed at 9.because im old. and we seniors got it like that.can i have it like that?you got it like that!the hostess was super nice and even though there was no room at the bar,(i felt like jesus being born near the inn) thebartenders,all 3 of them, noticed me within 5 minutes. i got a drink called the bitter end,which i really liked. adrienne had a dark and stormy which had rum in it and tasted really strong.this coming from someone who drinks jack neat. jovanie had a hangar one martini and anna had an amaretto sour. we got seated 20 minutes late.the hostess seemed to act like our reservation was really for 9:20 but she was nice so i didnt mind. it seems like everyone that goes to nopa is a lingerer. it was the beginning of a very odd dining experience. there was a woman with her 2 friends(they were all blonde and in their early 30s and one was wearing a scarf,you know the type) and the one had her baby with her.in the restaurant. crying.in a rocking cradle thing.on the floor. we left before she did. did i tell you she had a baby? she loved her some wine. the best part of it being so mind fuckingly loud was that we could only hear snatches of the baby wailing. it looked like that was true for the mother as well. no ones gonna break her stride.nobody's gonna slow her down.oh no. we got the flatbread with lamb which i loved loved loved,jovanie got the calamari which everyone loved.i got the goat cheese,which was really good,but how can you fuck up warm goat cheese with toasted bread? anna split her polenta with me.i always like the idea of polenta but the reality is always a little blah for me. the main dishes. the baked pasta was awesome. the pork chop was juicy and delicious. my medium rare burger squirted me in the face and down my arms 5 times. i felt like i was on a date in high school again. it was a little salty though.but i ate the whole thing. the french fries were good but the harissa aoili was weird. jovanie said it tasted like armpit. im not sure how he meant that.... the doughnut holes and the sticky cake were good,though i had none.i was sweating by that point. so while all this is going on.a table in front of us,that was supposed to seat 4 had 2 other people come in and squeezed themselves into the 4 seater.it looks like they either knew the staff and owners or were the owners but one of tha party looked like he was on a bender of cocaine.lots of drinking,very animated,bright eyes,up and down out of his seat about 10 times while i was there.i say this all ALLEGEDLY. the rest of his table polished off about 5 bottles of wine.then,about 14 people came in and they wanted to sit togother but,alas,this wasnt meant to be. so they all kept getting up and standing near the other tables or crawling CRAWLING across empty tables that were reserved for other patrons to talk to their friends at the bar. it was so bizarre.i felt like i was at the end up but someone forgot to give me my hit of e and i was stuck in reality by myself. when the check came i actually ran out the door.literally.i thought someone slipped a tab of acid into my polenta. it was still packed at 12am on a wednesday night. oh,did i tell you it was loud? the waitress was nice,she made sure our water was filled at all times and the staff seemed very able to deal with all the craziness around them.id go back,but only when its senior's night .im too old for that shit,to quote the anti-semite,mel gibson,from lethal weapon.
I would give NOPA a 4.5 if I could. Great atmosphere, food, and drinks. It has it all. I wish they had a couple more vegetarian options, but the ones they do have are near perfect. I highly recommend the tagine. I should go back again very soon.
Went to NOPA last night, it was a Tuesday night which I guess is a good night to go. We were able to make our reservations the day before and we got a lovely booth and the restaurant seemed neither too crowded or too dead. As far as the food went, it was quite tasty. We all shared some fries which were tasty but not extraordinary. I did not like the roasted red pepper feta dip that came with it. I just found the texture to be wrong with the fries, it still felt like feta and it was a bit too strong of a flavor for the fries. I stuck with the ketchup. No biggie. Then I started with the hearts of romaine salad which was excellent but a little over dressed. The dressing really overpowered some bites but the salad was overall really good. Then to the high point of the meal. I got their nine hour bolognese sauce over creamy polenta and it is DIVINE. The sauce is so delectably rich and you can taste the creaminess that comes from the milk. Every bit was heavenly. For dessert we shared the chocolate cake which was excellent and the sticky toffee pudding cake which was good but came with what I think were sliced dates and to me they detracted from the dish. I also have to commend them on their staff. I had the nicest waiter ever who was knowledgeable, generous and kind and he really seemed to be invested in the restaurant's success. It made all the difference in the world. It seemed like every person we met at the restaurant was extremely warm and gracious which is such a welcome change from most places. I will definitely be coming back for more good service and bolognese.
having eaten at nopa half a dozen times, and enjoying perfectly executed cocktails and food every time, i felt morally obligated to throw in my 5 star rating. the pork chop is what they're famous for, and believe me, you've never had a pork chop until you've had theirs! my fiance deduced correctly that they both brine (water, salt, brown sugar, & tarragon) and dry age for a few hours to lock in flavor that permeates each luscious, juicy, medium rare bite. where they get their unique cut of pork, i'd love to know! other dishes to try are the fried little fish (reminds me of they kind you find on many menus in barcelona), the grilled sardines (delicate flesh peels right off the bones -- they serve them whole) and the rabbit legs with fava bean risotto (we licked up the last drops of demi glace on the plate). the flatbread is a must-order, btw, as the bread is addicting and the seasonally changing toppings are always creative and savory goodness! we washed down our food with a few signature wash house cocktails, a well-done pisco sour (not too sweet) with house made tincture, and well priced wines by the glass. i was originally introduced to nopa by a chef -- the slightly later dinner hours enable chefs coming off of work to come in for a nice meal. knowing they have to meet sf chef standards with their food, i.e. fresh ingredients, solid execution, and not too fussy or overpriced, keep me coming back for more!
great atmosphere, however dont get stuck sitting upstairs. our spot was really really warm for some reason. the fan on the wall should have been a hint. great service, but the food was just good. didn't blow me away, but it wasn't bad. decent selection of wine though.
Serves food till 1 a.m. It was a B of A and the old bank vault is now the wine cellar. Great wine list and the food is delicious. Easy to get to since it is only a couple of blocks from Divisadero and Fell.
went there with friends. appetizers were pretty good but not spectacular, the drinks were perfect (the bar is incredible). the pork chop was the best pork chop i have ever had...i still have dreams/cravings for it!!! The pork is brined in a brown sugar dip for hours and gained a carmelized crust after cooking. its like a bone-in rib eye steak cut. so its thick and omg-so flavorful! the cheese and honey plate was simple and delicious, and the chocolate dessert drink was out of this world!
4.5 Stars. Great atmosphere, good portions for your money, great servers who seem pretty knowledgeable about the food and drink - although our server did give us the utmost recommendation for the seared duck breast, and although it was cooked well the actual flavor did not impress me. Loved all the appetizers we got including the lima beans (wow! best lima beans I've ever had), of course my favorite padron peppers - pimientos de padron - reminding of my lovely trip to Espana last year, and the fried smelt with romesco sauce (yum, we licked that bowl clean of romesco sauce). Their signature dishes: chicken and porkchop. I HIGHLY recommend the Porkchop if you're in that Steak-like mode - cooked as a t-bone, flavored/salted perfectly. Enjoyed the grilled apples that accompanied it. Wasn't as huge of a fan of the halibut, but perhaps it was just that the olive flavor was too strong for me...still tasted good esp if you like olives. Overall - great time! Bon Appetit!
Yawn..Nopa has gotten a lot of hype and good reviews since it has opened. I was pretty psyched because I can walk from my house and it's always nice to think you can get fine food within walking distance. My husband took me for my birthday. It's a great, fun room, true it is very loud. But we went at 7pm on a TUESDAY evening and it was a packed house. Not an empty seat. And they don't take reservations (except same day after 2pm). The cocktails looked great, standard top shelf, old-school concoctions and an impressive wine list. I'm pregnant, though, so I couldn't enjoy my usual Maker's Mark Manhattan (which always makes a so-so meal a little better). Have to agree with Ky W. The served an "amuse bouche" that was dessert-y. A little piece of cake with a carmelized grape and little bowl of salt. Unusual....not in a good way. But even when it's weird a free taste of something from the chef is nice. Here's the meat of this review: the menu is boring, so boring that I ordered a burger. We did have a couple of apps one of which was a salad of baby lettuce that was very good. The fries were good, I guess but we did have to ask for ketchup (I hate that) so did the tables to our left and right so you'd think the waiters might save themselves the trip. My husband had lamb and it did not leave an impression. My advise for visiting NoPa is this: go thirsty, sit at the bar or family table and have some good cocktails or yummy wine, enjoy some french fries and an appetizer. And then go somewhere else for dinner.
i live in and love the western addition and I'm always afraid it's going to become too gentrified and lose it's charm - i was nervous when this huge high-end restaurant moved in. i went there last night for the first time and much to my surprise, i LOVED it. the drink and wine menu is amazing. the food was delicious (try the flatbread and pork chop!), and the service was excellent. i also loved the decor, including the mural. i welcome it to the hood w. open arms.
what can one say about the hottest restaurant in sf these days. the have been open a little more than a year and they are still banging, and with good reason, the food is good and very reasonable priced. they smoke there own bacon for the burger, a huge plus, and the cheese is incredible as well. the cocktail list is concise and amazing as is the bar staff, always friendly and always attentive. it is nice to have a high quality late night spot in the hood, if i ever need a sazerac at 12 thirty and i dont want to head to alembic i know where to go.
This is probably the best food I've eaten in the city. We had this strange sounding appetizer, giant white beans, feta, and bread crumbs. It came out in a little casserole dish, pasta style, so weird, but delicious! The beans where in this tomato sauce, topped with feta and crunchy bread crumbs and baked until it was the most delicious thing I've ever eaten. My boyfriend got the duck confit (which I stole several juicy perfectly cooked pieces of) and I had the pork chop (I almost passed out, it was so good). I thought the menu looked a little pricey online, but once I stepped inside, it made sense. The place is gorgeous, warm, and inviting. The hostess was friendly and not at all pretentious like many nice places in this city. My pork chop was enough to feed two people. The bartender was awesome, too. Friendly, attentive, knowledgable about all the different wines, not to mention super cute. :-) And all their drinks were made fresh, I watched them squeeze lemons and limes for every drink. The only downside was it was really crowded, and the wait was about an hour and a half, so we ate at the bar. The food and service was so amazing that we didn't even mind the wait. Just make reservations next time.
This neighborhood is becoming SO gentrified! Went to Nopa last night and in echoing another reviewer's comments...you would not know that it was their first week of opening by how smoothly things went. The place was absolutely packed, but the high ceiling helps to alleviate any sense of claustrophobia one might have. The menu is streamlined, which makes sense particularly for just opening. The food was stellar: our roasted chicken and another pork chop dish were perfectly prepared and presented. Interesting bar menu and nice selection of wine. Kudos to the staff that maintained professionalism and smiles while dealing with a very full house...from the hostesses, to the waitress that was checking in with us while we waited at the bar and watched the open kitchen, to our own server who made sure we had our drinks right away and made sure that we were happy. Five stars for great food, cool ambience and a very polished opening week.
Nopa is not extraordinary or out of this world but that doesn't mean it isn't absolutely perfect. I've only been there at 12am or later and it has always been completely satisfying. Service has been great and accomodating to my being a picky vegetarian and food has been excellent for vegetarians and omnivores alike. They also have a great selection of cocktails and uncommon beers. Their wheat beer is absolutely delicious and perfectly compliments the flatbread. Its likely that I'll continue going back weekly for sometime.
Brian Barneclo's huge amazing mural sets the stylish backdrop for this gem of a restaurant. Best porkchop in town. Friendly staff, and most importantly a great chef means Nopa won't disappoint!
went a couple weeks ago for the first time with no expectations. loved the space, everything was so comfortable and laid back, our server was so nice, my friend and i ordered almost all the starters and were fighting over them, especially the goat cheese. the list of the wines by the glass was differant and fun; I can't wait to go back and try some more.
here's my story: i went with a couple girlfriends because i had heard so much about the place. the wait was really long, but luckily, we ended up grabbing some seats at the big seat-yourself table. our server was really friendly and brought our drinks promptly, but that was the end of the prompt service. we ordered a handful (maybe 4) appetizers, and they came trickling out--and by trickling, i mean it was really really slow! the last one came about an hour after we ordered it. all the apps were good, but i don't anticipate going back given how slow everything was.
4 STARS to this restaurant for their late night service. I live in the neighborhood and my boyfriend and I got the munchies one Friday night...and nothing was open in the hood this late. We'd done the late night Popeye's run one too many times and since it was payday, why not a Pork Chop at Nopa. We deserve it, dammit! Bleary eyed, we threw on whatever was clean on the floor and walked that one long block, past the Independent (surprised to see The Tubes were still touring), and made it to Nopa in less than a minute. It was really late. Really, really late. It was actually already morning. But the hostess was as nice as can be. Like she just woke up fresh ready to take on her positive day. We looked like crap in our very casual wear, but she didn't seem to mind. We were hungry and we were paying customers. There were like 10 tables open, because they were almost closing. But you wouldn't have known it. The staff didn't let on that they were about to close. The staff never hinted that we should rush. That was really cool. And our food was exactly what we needed. I love this place. Now if everyone would stop calling the neighborhood NOPA - as if it's some fancy pants place to live....
i agree with Beeme - a serious chocolate dessert was the only thing missing from this place. drink up the '03 chateauneufs while they're still around. i asked the staff for a girl to jump out of a cake for my friend's 31st celebration, but they didn't feel as though there was enough room at the table. they still managed to embarass him with a candle, however, which was classic. great space, killer food - lamb riblets are epic, and the halibut was clean, correct and convincing. i'd go back to burn through the rest of the menu and wine list.
We really enjoyed NOPA. We had a reservation and were seated on time...it amazes my how often that DOESN'T happen elsewhere. Once seated my hot girlfriend noticed a couple of seats open at the bar so we scurried down to grab them. The bar is cool, well stocked and the drinks are very good. We ordered the Tuna as an app, the Chicken, the Pork Chop and a side of creamy polenta. The tuna was almost a meal in itself; served in large seared chunks with a cooked egg, tomatoes, greens, olives, mayo, and green beans sort of as a "de-constructed" tunafish dish...pretty cool we thought. The Pork Chop was as good as advertised...tender, juicy and full of flavor. The chicken was perfectly cooked and moist. The polenta was served liked grits...in a bowl rather than cake style which was a bit odd, but still good. The service was excellent and I thought the prices were very reasonable. We will definetely be going back.
I went with two others and after being uninspired by the entrees we ordered all the appetizers. The flatbread and pork chops were great. Also their sparkling rose was sooo super yummy. Great wine list and this is probably the only place in divis where you can order a real cocktail. Also the noise level was pretty good for such an open space. I'd go back.
So happy to have this new restaurant in my neighborhood. Staff was very warm and friendly. Food, drinks, and atmosphere are great. Love the big community table for walk-in diners.
great new discovery in my new neighborhood. I took some friends here on the advise of a co-worker and oh my god they were right. this place is fabulous....the food was awesome and served with style, the drinks were creative and delicious. and the service was great. Even though our reservations were not until 9:30 we were able to be seated earlier. They remembered who we were and and carried our drinks for us. overall a great experience. I think it would have been 5 stars if I didn't think our waiter was being a smart ass for part of the night...overall a great dining experience and would definitely be back...
outstanding service, outstanding food. my new favorite restaurant!
very good "lettuce cup" salad w/ a creamy vinegarette and great taragon flavor, great fish stew as an entree - although there were too many potatoes (seriously, nopa!, why you padding the dish w/ so many potatoes?!), and delicious donut holes w/ caramel dipping sauce for dessert. how can you not like homemade fried goodness!. nopa certainly earned my favor!
just got back from a pretty good dinner at this hot spot where the starters and sides shone brightest. be sure to try the flatbread, goat cheese crostini, lamb spare ribs, potato gratin, squash. entrees were just a deterent as far as our table was concerned. of and a side of fries. good wine list with very reasonable choices. like i said, actual entrees are just so-so.
NOPA is just what this neighborhood needs. I am so thrilled to see that Laurence Jossel is out & about and trying something new. They are spot on with the scene - great people watching. I love the space - open and fun yet NOT painfully loud. I was so happy to see that Laurence has a baked goat cheese small plate - similar to the one he had at Chez Nous - love it! The London Broil is delicious!! The service is very attentive and friendly. I also love seeing the chefs out serving tables - that always adds a special touch. I only see success in NOPA's future. And who can go wrong w/ a full bar in this hood??
hey NOPA -- get over your damn pretentious selves!my fiancee and I went the other night for dessert and drink. We got there about 11pm. The place was fairly busy, but there were no less than 6 or 7 empty tables. But the condescending hostess wouldn't seat us at one of the many empty tables. she kept giving us this obnoxious pretentious bulls--t: "like you know we're really heavy in the industry, and they all come here for dinner between 11 and 1, and well, we just can't let you take up a table if you're not going to order dinner." Puh-lease. Ooh la-la, "the industry." So we hovered near the bar for 15 minutes until a couple seats opened up. And you know what -- the place never got any busier and those 6 empty tables became 7 which became 8 by the time we left. This place needs to seriously get over itself. It's like those idiotic clubs and bars with the velvet ropes that keep you standing in line to get in eventhough there's plenty of room inside.NOPA still gets two stars: One for the super delicious dessert (chocolate pudding cake), and one for the pleasant service at the bar.But the attitude of the hostess and the policy (presumably the hostess didn't make up that policy herself) of "you're not cool or big-spending enough for us to let you sit at a table even though there's a ton of empty tables" made the experience more than slightly unpalatable.We actually live in the neighborhood and walked over there. NOPA tries to portray itself as a "neighborhood gathering place," but they certainly don't make you feel welcome.
i went here on i guess what you could call a "progressive" dinner. after a roll at tokoyo and apps at limon, i still ate every last bite on my plate here. it was SO good. the chef came over to our table and after going off about the side dish (i cant remember what it was called now- something kind of like cous cous) gave me a nice to-go box full of it to have for lunch the next day. that gesture alone stapled this place in my mind. the bar and ambiance is great for groups or a date.
updating on 8/21:i have to bump this place up to 5 stars. i've been several times now and the service is impeccable EVERY time. not to mention the atmosphere is amazing, the space is fabulous and the food is good too. this is definitely my new fave. i will keep going back. btw, if you get Christiaan as your waiter, be psyched. He served us on Friday and it was one of the best service experiences i have had in ages. Hooray!*******Original review, June '06:great space. i'd go back just to hang out in the space. we got there around 7:30 and the sun was still coming through the giant windows... and the atmosphere was great both when it was light out and when it was dark out.terriffic service. the owner served us our wine and was engaging and genuinely psyched we had come in. and when i couldn't decide between two wines by the glass, he brought me a half glass of each. solid. the place was packed and service was attentive all through the meal. the food was good. not divine but definitely better than what a lot of places in san francisco feel like they can plate and charge $30 for an entree. that's what i loved about nopa. they have a great lineup on the menu, a fabulous atmosphere (we were upstairs so not so noisy) and they aren't pushing $25-$30 entrees to cover their cost of renovation and their decorator bills. i will most definitely be back.ps - huge shout out to our waitress who suggested the mashed potatoes with the lamb. so delish. i could have had just the mashers for my meal and walked away happy.
Food was good, but not as great as I had expected. Extensive wine list and creative cocktails however menu lacked certain level of creativity found in other sf restaurants within this price range. As I live so near will probably return for drinks.
A friend and I dropped into Nopa on an early Sunday evening about a month or two ago. I have to say, I had a great time and left pleased as punch! We killed some time at the bar (waiting for dinner service to start) - just had some beer which was fitting for the day, met a couple from the Reno area (I think) who travel to SF frequently to dine (the woman and my friend went at it firing top restaurants at each other). I enjoyed my meal, particularly the flatbread appetizer - yummy! We ended up being seated next to the same couple from the bar - and they sent a couple of donut holes our way for dessert (very kind!) which gave me my sugar fix. We didn't have a problem with the noise level - maybe because it was an early Sunday dinner? I loved the ambiance - trendy but unpretentious. Good food + good company + good atmosphere = good times! Am looking forward to a return trip. I didn't know they were open so late...that's another plus!
My only complaint is the noise level. I realize this makes me sound like an old fogey, but really, I'm not. But shouting at the top of my lungs is not my idea of fun dining. I'd go back for the food though. Everything was wonderful, and the wine list was superb. I recommend the flatbread for appetizer and the toffee cake for dessert. I'll be brining my hearing aid and megaphone for the next visit.
I celebrated my birthday at Nopa this year and really enjoyed it. It was my first time there (only been there once thus far) and glad I was able to blow out all 29 candles at this chic eatery. The decor is simple and modern. I didn't care for their "dishcloth" napkins (didn't think it fit into their overall decor) but if that is all one has to complain about, then it's a great restaurant. I was impressed with the quality of the menu - fresh produce, organic meats, blue bottle coffee. The place was completely packed (impressive for a Sunday evening) and everyone looked happy. Many people were sharing plates - good idea as their portions are generous enough that everyone can get more than just a bite of each dish. We had the flatbread "pizza" and a beautiful salad. We both had their huge burgers for mains - seems like a crime to get burgers but they are gourmet and just too juicy to pass up. Desserts were rich - and inventive. Definitely would good back - in fact, looking forward to my next visit.
A wonderful modern urban alternative to all the new spots in town that can't seem to disentangle themselves from each other's menus, syles decor etc. Y'all know what I mean. (?) Great simple food who's rare flaws endear it even more.
Excellent every day food! The restaurant is casual yet chic. It can get a bit loud, but the food more than makes up for any small shortcomings. The wait staff are also extremely friendly and knowledgable about the food and wine. This is one of my favorite restaurants in SF!
Can i echo about 75 other people and say the best burger around...even with all the other delicious plates (fried fishes, flat bread among them) I get down and dirty and get the burger every time. Yum.
I thought the atmosphere was great. We have a 9:30 reservation on a Friday night and it was packed. We were seated closer to 10. They don't allow parties above 8 to sit together and there were 9 of us so we were split up at two tables but next to each other. The pork was amazing and the halibut was also good. They had great wines by the glass. I would go back.
good place, good food. only problem is lots of douchebags hanging out like they know something. the average diner here is a moron. i overheard this last time, "...well i've been riding fixies for about a year now" "oh cool, I just started" "yeah you gotta get one of these little hats and some tighter jeans" "i don't know man, im not really into this bike riding fashion thing" "nah dude, ppl wont except you if you look like an outsider and besides, look at this sweet tattoo i got! next week im getting my messenger bag" this kind of talk makes me wanna drink more and i cant afford to get shitfaced everytime i go out.
been hearing about this NOPA place and finally had the chance to check it out last night with two friends- one friend was a virgin to Nopa as I was and the other had already been there, done that- so in we went to get some wine at the bar and there were zero seats availalbe, so that kinda sucked- anywho....we got a menu from the bartender and about ten minutes later still standing there and waiting for an open seat and still wineless made our way down to the end where one, single little seat was open- we three crowded around it and finally got a glass of wine- i must say, there were three to four people behind this bar and for whatever reason the service was S-----L-------O------W. We did order one app because we hadn't planned on staying here all night and we got the goat cheese thingy which was delicious...that I would give 5 STARS to *****goat cheese appetizer***** I would go here again if I had a table for dinner because the atmosphere was warm and cozy!
we go to nopa at least twice a month. it's one of our favorite places for a quick bite and its like 2 blks from our place. i've only sat in the restaurant area twice- we always try to steal a couple seats at the bar. i think that's the way to go. the food isn't mind blowing but it's always spot one and very good. my favorites= squid salad, cheeseburger, pork chops. but the best thing about the restaurant? THE BAR. i absolutely love their drinks list. i never know them by name but by the way they look. they're so lovely...like little jewels : ) the french 75 is not on the menu but the bartenders make it damn good. i feel so lucky to live within walking distance!!!
Having heard so much about NOPA from a couple of people I finally went to see what all the talk is about. There were 3 of us in the party. we ordered for beginners the flatbread, which I thought was great, the sardines, good but I wish there were more and the bean dish, very good but I think that is about it. For the entree I was watering for a burger and my friend the burger was the best he has had in a long time. It was "ok"; my friends had the fish stew, I got to taste the stew and it was good. I have to say the service was excellent, good wine. I had no dessert but my 2 friends did. I'm not much into herb-fused ice creams. Our total bill came to $210.00 with wine, coffee, etc. not includeding the tip. I think that is a bit high for slightly above average food that doesnt' really stand out. Two weeks previous I was at Town Hall with 2 friends and our tab came to $250.00 with included french wine so if ou want to spend the money I suggest not at NOPA; you will be disappointed.
really liked this place. great space, great people. a little loud so it would be hard to take a date here if you actually want to talk to them. i went once for dinner and another time after an event at the independent. i would go again.
My friend raved about this place so I've been meaning to go here for awhile and finally made it 7 months later! The experience was so enjoyable that I had to give it a 5stars. My friend and I had a late dinner so getting a table was not a problem. The wine list was adventurous but reasonably priced and we did not go wrong with our choice of red wine. We had the calamari on grilled bread for starter, and it was a powerhouse. The intensity of the dish was great. Our other starter was the lamb on the flat bread. The lamb bits were packed with flavor and when combine with lemon (good amount of it), the pairing came out well. Unfortunately with all that lemon squeezed on top of the bread, the bread got soggy so I had to eat a little faster than normal.  For entree, we shared the halibut. This is one of the best fish dish I've had for a while. The halibut was juicy and the flavor managed to get inside the fish (most restaurants only have the top of the fish flavored); it was wonderful to have the juicy meat of the halibut be lightly coated with the flavoring. I didn't get to try their dessert menu...definitely have to come back. Also, the service was excellent! our waiter was attentive to our needs; he refilled our water glasses when it was getting low, took away the wine glasses shortly after they were empty and asked if we wanted more (love this kind of service rather than the other way around where the waiter was incognito.)
