WOW. I will be thanking the Gods for this incredible hummus for all of eternity. Damn it's good. The service here is friendly but to the point which I love, and it is clean, quick service and super efficient. They play traditional music, traditional decor and a traditional (I think) menu. I don't even care, is just so good. I ordered the chicken schwarema (so hard to spell lol) and it came with the smoothest, creamiest, most outstanding hummus drizzled with olive oil and sprinkled with just a kiss of parsley. The chicken and rice were well seasoned, flavorful, and the chicken moist and the rice fluffy. I ordered a mint tea which was the perfect accompaniment to my meal. It also comes with pickled veggies, warm and perfect pita, and two yummy sauces to dip in. I'm stuffed! This food was made with so much soul, love and a caring for their culture that you can really see represented in the meal. I can't wait to tell everyone and become a regular.Can I come back tomorrow?
I guess I was just hungry that I just went for the first that showed up on Yelp. That was probably not a good thing to do especially when you've been to Truly Mediterranean. I was a slow day I guess since it was almost 7 pm on a Sunday, I guess that's what to be expected. We were so excited that when we glanced through the menu we knew exactly what we"ll get. I only get the Lamb shawarma, my husband seem to be a fan of anything that's chicken shawarma. There was just probably less that 15 sets of tables and chairs, a counter then the kitchen.The waiter took our order. We ordered Falafel, Mousakhan, Fetta With Meat and of course, shawarma. We got the order fast which surprised me a little. I didn't question it really until I got to taste the food. I ordered shawarma and the meat is dry. It seems like it was cooked in a plate, not in a typical vertical rotisserie that Mediterranean places used. When they sent the food to our table, you can tell immediately that they just stir-fry the beef. The falafel look overcook and there's a little of char outside. The taste was not good either. We took one bite and that was it. Everything did not look appetizing at all. The pita was the only thing that was taste good and that's not even a good thing when you think of Mediterranean food. My daughter did not like it and she likes the this type of food or actually whatever we give her. I was a little disappointed and seeing from the review people seems to love the place too. This is one of my favorite and coming here really disappoint me and my family. We just decided leave and brought all the stuff home. So we just decided to go to Truly Mediterranean to get our fix. We got home and my cousin asked what we got them for dinner and I told them that we have some left over and some shawarmas that we bought from Truly Mediterranean. Obviously, they took the hot shawarma and the food that we had this place was just thrown away the next day since they did not like it as well. I would not recommend this place if you're mainly looking for authenticity and freshness.
This is by far one of the best Mediterranean restaurants in the city. Being raise in the Middle East, I learned how to appreciate a great home cooked meal and that's what Old Jerusalem brings to the table. Good prices, great variety of meals, amazing homemade taste and to top if off, they have the best knafeh in the city... Super cheesy and very delicious! Old Jerusalem is the place to go for beyond average Mediterranean food. :)
One of the best hummus places I've tried in the bay area. I've only been to Oren's hummus as the another place that mainly serves hummus. Old Jerusalem hummus is creamy and so flavorful. It's a small place, so it's packed most of the time we go. We usually just order plain hummus, fries, lamb kebab or beef/lamb schwarma. The meat is usually tender and great with the warm pita.
Okay, persian bread style mediterranean food that isn't crazy special but does a good job of tasting good.
3,5 stars.This place has been bookmarked by me for a few years, and I just finally made it there!My take on the Old Jerusalem Restaurant:- nice meza (pita, olives, pickled radishes, yogurt dip, and tomato onion dip)- had lamb and hummus - plenty for one person and pretty tasty tooWould I come back given that this restaurant 20 min away from my house? No.
I live in Dallas and craveeeee their lentil soup! It's so damn good. Will definitely have to go again when I'm back in SF.
While getting my hair done at Annie's Studio Salon (York and 20th) we were deciding what to order for lunch. She mentioned Postmates, which I had never heard of..I guess I've been in Mississippi for too long LOL! Basically it's like an UBER for food! You order and someone will pick it up and deliver (Thanks, Denzel!)After telling Annie about my horrible experience in Ocean Springs, MS she said "well, do you want Arabic food?"....Duh, I want Arabic food. She tells me that her parents went here the other night and loved it so we went to town and ordered:-Falafel: It was more oval shape than the traditional round shape but OHMYG! It was so crispy and light. -Combination plate: Chicken, Beef, and Lamb. I only had the chicken pieces and 1 piece of lamb. They were so juicy and flavorful. I wish they had more grilled veggies but other than that the meet was very tasty and the RICE? The rice I could just go to the corner and pour the green sauce all over and be in heaven-Hummus with meat: The Hummus was so smooth and the meat was cooked perfectly, tender and not salty.-Kunafa - "Warm syrup-soaked dessert of shredded wheat and goat cheese topped with crushed pistachio" - it was my first time trying it and it was so good! Not overly sweet, the cheese isn't overpowering and the pistachios add such a nice flavor to it. The only thing is we didn't eat it right away so it wasn't hot, nice, and gooey like it should be but that was our fault. it was still really really good. A nice cup of tea and mint would just put it over the top.I took absolutely no pictures of the food and only one picture of the Kunafa and that was after doing my happy dance with a head full of color.Yea, maybe their prices are a little on the more expensive side but if you're getting good quality, authentic food then I am down for that, always.It was such a nice treat to eat some real good Middle Eastern food here in SF, esp since we've been striking out in MS.
Kebabs and shawarma can get boring after awhile, but then once in awhile you stumble across a place like Old Jerusalem where the food pictures look mind-blowing. I feel like with Mediterranean food especially, you know it's good food when you see it: one glance at Yelp food porn, and I left my heart at Old Jerusalem.The restaurant is exactly as you'd expect for a place called Old Jerusalem: a simple interior, an even simpler exterior, straightforward menu with no gimmicks like shawarma kimchi tacos that would belong in a food truck. Interestingly, the homemade cooking style was also along the same lines, with minimal use of salt or other umami-fy-ing agents. It runs the risk of being condemned as bland if you like bold and intensely delicious flavors, but I enjoyed the simple seasonings. (The famous hummus though, is indeed bold and intensely delicious... read on)(+++) SHISH TOUK: Old Jerusalem has now set my standards for chicken kebabs to unreasonable heights. Besides the juiciness and good grilling technique in not being the least bit charred, minimal seasoning shifts the focus to the chicken itself. I did not know that there was such thing as a chicken kebab purist but I'm pretty certain that I've become one. (++) SHAWARMA: Did not leave me as speechless as the shish touk, but good. It's quite plain by itself but absolutely amazing when you dip it in hummus +/- the cucumber yogurt sauce +/- the spicy red sauce.(+++) HUMMUS: Makes manufactured supermarket hummus look sad. Their housemade hummus has a much more robust flavor, with extra complexity from the olive oil and spices on top. I don't think it lasts though (I suspect the olive oil would separate out like how salad dressing become disgustingly layered). For two, I suggest one plate with rice and one plate with half hummus/half rice so you can save rice for leftovers.(+) FREEBIES: They give you two free complimentary pieces of pita for each entree, which is a boon compared to Thai curries that don't come with rice and Indian places where you have to get the naan or rice separately. The pita bread itself is fresh and fluffy, distinctly different from supermarket pita. Old Jerusalem's pita and hummus definitely put supermarkets to shame (even Whole Foods and hipster co-ops). There are supposed to be additional complimentary appetizers of pickled vegetables. At first I thought it may only have been for dine-in, but I saw it placed in another customer's take-out order and not mine... ohs wells, I will not be the finicky Yelper today since there was more than enough food.At entrees $15 each (a little over $30 total for 1.5 meals for two people) for masterfully delicious cuisine, pricing is reasonable considering quantity and quality. Old Jerusalem is one of those gems that makes you appreciate SF's food scene and diversity.
Hummous- ful is served warm, as it should be. Pita is warm and moist, as they should be. Lamb kebab and chicken shawarma are sliced and diced to the right size, seasoned with love, and just damn delicious. If you've been fortunate enough to have visited the Old City, it really does feel like you're walking into a restaurant in the Muslim Quarter... despite the lack of shishas and haggling shopkeepers. The workers are inviting and honest, the food is served in a timely manner, and the dessert is all homemade. Oh and get this, there's kanafeh. Forget your filo dough pastries and baclavas. You won't be getting authentic kanafeh anywhere else in the city. They don't use too much syrup to the point where the cheese is old and soggy, and have just the right amount of pistachios.
This place has been on my list to try for years! I had a pretty sizable lunch so I was relatively hungry. A vegetarian combo was perfect for my friend and I to share while we caught up on things. They give you some sides of a spicy, red sauce with onions, a yogurt sauce, olives and picked radish with plenty of pita to start, and the vegetarian combo was a healthy serving of hummus, baba ghanoush, falafel, pureed squash, eggplant and cucumber tomato salad - yum! We enjoyed our meal, and it was just the right amount. I want to come back and try their wraps and kebabs. Next time soon!
First I must point out that this is more of a fast-paced restaurant (fast food). Your meal is served within minutes and there's a fast turnaround of customer. We ordered the chicken swarma and the veggi platter. The hummus was excellent, HOWEVER STAY AWAY FROM THE FUL (fava bean based dish) and the GREEN DIP they bring with the bread. The amount of garlic is such that it will overpower any other flavor and for hours after last as an horrible and persisting aftertaste! HONESTLY IT RUINED THE WHOLE DINNER AND THE AFTET DINNER TOO!The chicken and Babaganoush were average and one of the waiters was quite rude!HENCE WE ARE NEVER GOING BACK AND WE DON'T RECOMMEND IT.A Much better middle Easter restaurant is Taboun!Excellent mezze platter and chicken!
My beau Yelped a place for dinner on a Saturday night and came across OJ. We had some high expectations with all the reviews. I think a couple of things threw us off to justify the average rating. We ordered a few things1 - Hummus With Meat Or Shawarma hummus dip topped with seasoned coarse lamb, or shawarma mixed with olive oil and spicesAh, flavor so on point. Delicious tender and nicely spiced meat over hummus. BUT, the portion size was tiny. It just scratched the surface of my palette before it was all gone and I got really sad. What a bummer. For $12, it was disappointing. 2 - Falafel I really liked. You get a small plate of 6 for $5, and they're not rounded balls, they're bigger and delicious. Crispy on the outside and warm and not dried out inside. 3- Lamb skewers with rice and hummus. I asked for medium rare and it was severely over cooked and chewy. The flavor was also really underwhelming. They're hummus is delicious, probably on the better end of my past tastes. I'm also so used to my big gigantic tub of mediocre TJ's hummus. This was a delicious and refreshing reminder of how true hummus tastes.Not sure if I'd come here again. Maybe for some things, but not others.
The food was amazing! It was my first time there and we order a couple of plates that is did not disappoint, place was clean and although we waited a little the staff was nice and attentive. I'm not much of a hummus person but this one blew my mind.
Old Jerusalem has been on my radar for a while, and after attending a book-signing nearby, the boy and I dropped by for a quick lunch.SERVICE.We were seated in the mostly empty restaurant, but then our server just sort of never came back. She walked by us several times, but seemed to be avoiding us - it was very odd, there didn't feel like any tension or unkindness, we just were unable to place an order? Yet another large table that sat down a few minutes after us received immediate service, so I'm not sure what was up with that. We ended up getting our order to go based on this.FOOD.Despite this oddness, we had a thoroughly enjoyable meal once we arrived home with our take-out. Highlights were definitely:+ MIXED SHAWERMA + HUMMUS (oh my god so good~)+ KUNAFAI've never had kunafa before this, and while it was a bit of an acquired taste, it was absolutely delicious. I would definitely make a point of stopping by for take-out the next time I'm in the neighborhood.
I've had their lamb/beef and chicken shawarma plates on a couple of visits - both very flavorful. Their hummus is delicious and made a lasting impression. From what I recall, it was about 15 bucks a plate, but worth it as the portions were significant.
Disappointed. Completely bland food, slow service, a little run down space. I didn't realize, recently moving from la, that middle eastern food wasnt awesome everywhere. This proved me wrong. I had the chicken shawerma. Not impressed. Not enough hummus, but probably a good thing as it didnt taste great.
Okay let me sum it all up real' quick. HUMMUS!!!FALAFEL!!!GODDAMN-GOOD-SPICES FLAVORED RICE!!!That's about all you need to know if you happen to be hanging in the mission and looking for a delicious and affordable Mediterranean fix. If you are a hummus lover, falafel craver, middle eastern food advocate, there shall be no other places where you shall find true happiness.I had the three meat dish and I couldn't believe how good and tender the meat was (bonus point for the kabob chicken, a bit less enthusiast about the beef but I'm just really picky about beef).But the best is yet to come.THESE SIDES ARE INCREDIBLE. The rice, hummus, falafels, are outta this world. I will come back, plus I love the inside decorations (very typical) and the service is on point. Thank you Old Jerusalem!!!
This is the best places for falafel dishes. I have never had falafel this good anywhere else in the bay area. Their other signature dishes we tried were:- Shish Kabab plate- Chicken Shawerma sandwich (very moist chicken)These dishes were well done and they had good flavor. And no dinner would be complete without a good dessert. You cannot go wrong with their Kunafa dessert. They are the only ones who do that in bay area. The mint tea is very good with their dishes.The other dishes we would like to try when we go next time would be the Kalaya.The service was great. It's a short walk from the Mission Bart station. Their location is in a lively mission neighborhood.
This place is great if you want to have a brunch on a Saturday or Sunday morning. They have the best falafel in town by far. Try The fresh falafel with bread. You can make your own sandwich, with black tea. There's a huge room for improvement regarding the service and the other dishes.
I go through restaurant phases where all I can think about is one place, and I want to go back every other day until it gets off my mind. Old Jerusalem, I just can't quit you. THE VIBE:Seems like it's run by a family, everyone's very friendly. Lots of younger families in here eating, chatting with the owners. Homey decor, nothing crazy. THE FOOD:Delicious, comforting, epic proportions. My girlfriend and I split a shawarma combo and we have leftovers. Every table gets complimentary cracked olives, tahini, warm fluffy pitas, and an onion/tomato slaw that has a nice bite. PRO TIP: after you gorge yourself, check out Samirami imports next door. Great Mediterranean and middle eastern grocery with olives by the pound, great spices, and lots of fun goodies.
Its Christmas day and everything in town is closed. Thank God for Old Jerusalem. My friend Archi & I came in hungry and left satisfied. We ordered potatoes and eggs for apetizers and it was delicious. They gave us complimenry bread with two different sauces (a green sauce that was mild tasted like garlic/hummus, it was pretty good and a red sauce that was pretty spicy) I ordered the Shish Tawook wrap, it was not the best maybe because im used to the Lebanese Tawook from home. It was quite dry and did not have much flavor, a tawook from home would have fries and garlic but this one hasnt. It had tomatoes which is my least favorite vegetable. Then I got knefe for dessert, not the best I had but it was still good. Not too bad of a restaurent. I would give 4 stars because of the knefe.
Intro to my visit/experience: Came here for my first time with my coworker/friend on an early Friday evening after work. We were seated right away and were immediately served complimentary appetizers - pita bread and yogurt sauce dip and some magical tomato and onion dip that I could not stop thinking and talking about for a few days.  What I ordered: -Combination plate consisting of three skewers: lamb, beef, and chicken, served with hummus and rice.What I enjoyed: -The kebabs were all tasty and seasoned so well in their respective flavors. -My favorite part of eating Mediterranean or Middle Eastern dishes is the yellow rice - something about it. They gave a generous serving, and I enjoyed every bite of it. -The hummus was perfect. I've had some hummus at other places that taste over-roasted or nutty-flavored, but this one was delicious dipped with the pita bread and added that extra burst of flavor on the kebabs. -Friendly and fast service-Complimentary pita bread and dipsWhat could have been better: No complaints here. End Note: Very delicious. Probably some of the best kebabs I've had. Very convenient to get to by BART - only a block away from the 24th Street & Mission station. The price for the food was fair, and definitely left me full for the rest of the night.
I was craving for italian food but was convinced to come here instead. Obviously the right decision.  This Palestinian food was awesome to say the least. Definitely coming back sooner. Maybe tonight. Thumbs up for this place. You have a customer in me. BOMB.COM
I like the shawerma and kifta kebab here, BUT CAN WE TALK ABOUT THE SIDES PLEASE. That hummus, though... never have I met a hummus that I've loved more (and I'm not super into hummus, usually). It's thick, creamy, savory, and goes with everything on the table. I love mixing it in with the complimentary meze sides. There's one that resembles kimchi but I'm not sure what it's called. Anyway, the hummus here is to die for. Another side that I love here is the rice. Who raves about rice, even?? I wouldn't, unless it's worth doing so, and I seriously crave the tasty flavorful rice here. I could probably eat the hummus and rice, together as a single meal, at least twice a week. I don't think it would be very good for me, but I would totally do it! THEY ARE THAT GOOD.A friend of mine also has to order the lentil soup every time she comes here. I've had some of hers, and I agree it's pretty damn tasty. So that's another thing you should try.The place is very small and narrow, and can get very hot. But it's cheap and has the best hummus and rice in the world. GO.
This is the best middle eastern food I've had in the city so far! I wanted to try a few things at a time so I got the vegetarian plate, but the lamb shawarma looked really delicious as well.They start the meal by giving you two dipping sauces, olives, beets and pita. The pita is warm and fresh, and much better than the dry and cracked pita most middle eastern restaurants have!The vegetarian plate was great - it had falafel, hummus, a Fava bean mixture, salad, baba ganoush and eggplant. There was a lot of food, I even took a solid amount home! The hummus was great and very traditional, I loved that it just had some spice and olive oil on top. The falafel was impressive as well, the flavors were right and it was crispy. They served a lemon wedge on top of the salad so I could add as much lemon as I wanted. I love lemon on my middle eastern salads (diced tomatoes cucumbers and onions for the most part) and I could easily mix my whole plate together.I'm excited to come back again and try a shawarma plate, I could smell the meat from the table next to us and it looked great!
Been here several times and it's always amazing.I'm in love with their chicken shawarma and hummus, I would highly recommend it. Prices are fair and waitresses are really nice.
My favorite middle eastern spot. I use to work in Beverly Hills and they had the best middle eastern food but I think this place is just as good. I think it's a family joint so a lot of the same people are always working. Really friendly. Got some kind of chicken plate and boyfriend got hummus and beef plate and for dessert we got the goat cheese thing and baklava. Soooo good. All worth it.
Came here a few weeks ago for dinner with a group of friends on Friday night.Old Jerusalem definitely gives a strong "family shop" vibe, with all of the servers all confident and well-versed in the food. I arrived early with another friend, and we were quickly shown to our table (another friend called earlier to notify them of our larger party). The space is quite narrow--longer in space, but not ideal for hosting large parties. It was pretty slow early in the night, but by 8-9PM, it was very busy and filled with some people standing around waiting for their takeaway orders or for an open table to clear up.I definitely ordered the wrong item--don't get the falafel sandwich. Being vegetarian, that's always my default when I go out to eat in a Mediterranean space. BUT I thoroughly enjoyed our baba ganoush starter--their pita bread is pretty yummy and soft, BUT DAT GANOUSH was perfection! I should've ordered a combo plate...so dinner diners, be sure to order their plates! That's what's good here.Their food tasted very authentic and well-made to me (food came out after a noticeable waiting period), but the space itself doesn't contribute to the dining experience. It's plain, but allows diners to focus more on the food--the main attraction for the night. They also have restrooms in the very back past the cooks and kitchen (sanitation issues?), but it's convenient if someone in your party needs to wee. In all, I think their combo plate items and certain appetizer plates are worth the price you're paying. But the restaurant space itself doesn't get my engine going, nor does the lukewarm service. On the other hand, it's very casual and seems to be getting lots of service in their to-go department!
I always wanted to give this place a shot and u finally did !! Went yesterday with a friend for diner.Was confused and everything seemed cool probably Cuz I was hungry the waitress came (Emma or Emy don't remember exactly ) explained and gave us some recommendations she was really helpful friendly even though it seemed to be there busy time !! We started with a nice mint tea and humus fresh warm peta ohh god the food was just amazing I couldn't stop eating If u re in the neighborhood u should try this place !! Definitely going back
Best hummus I have ever eaten. Yes, I said the best! It's smooth & creamy with a flavor that is far superior to any other. Their falafel (gluten-free) is also outstanding. They are crispy on the outside and light & fluffy on the inside. They are so good that today, when I brought my mother in-law who is in from out of town, we were unable to stop ourselves from eating them even though they were piping hot. The Arab salad goes really well with everything, and I think is a must. The service is friendly, everything is homemade and very fresh. This is the best Middle Eastern food in San Francisco, and I urge everyone to go. DO NOT SLEEP! They're closed on Mondays and don't open until 12pm the rest of the week.
Solid n Good prices. We thought the the Humus Feta with minced Lamb was excellent. We old tried the Combination Kebab Plate. Will be back.
I came here when my baby was delivered at St Luke's. I ordered the Lentil Soup and a Schwarma wrap and ate in. They gave a little plate of olives and some pink pickled root thing, which was nice. The Lentil soup really hit the spot and it was flavorful. The wrap was tasty, it's hard to mess up delicious pork/beef with hummus and vegetables. It was good, no complaints, it just didn't blow my mind.Service was prompt and courteous. I should have looked for the highly recommended dishes and tried one of those, I would probably come back for more!
Very fast and friendly service. The food was delicious and came out quick. I was in for a late lunch so it wasn't very busy. I would definitely come here again.
Great food as always! We had our puppy with us so we were glad there was outdoor seating. Our waiter even brought out a small bowl of water for our puppy! Great food, nice people and amazing service.
This place rocks!The hummus is some of the best I've even enjoyed, so perfectly made, and not so smooth that it's lost texture, not this stuff. And with slices of lamb on top...excellent.But for me, and maybe you, it was the ful, I ate it the next morning for breakfast, just like I did in Egypt years ago every morning, and the smile in my belly and on my face still feel great.Come here, get it delivered, but you must eat this lovely, delicious food!Enjoy!
Hummus is really really good. Waiter said it was the best in Bay Area.  He was right. Also liked the Arabian coffee. Pita was even good.
Walked in right after the lunch rush, ordered a chicken shwarma wrap to go. Waiter/host who greeted me and took my order was super nice, other staff was friendly as well. Place was clean and well maintained. Took my wrap across the street and downed it in record time as I had to run and meet a friend across time, but it was really delicious.Will have to come back for a proper dine in experience sometime.
Chicken Shwarma is great. Prolly been here 15 times and only once was the food cold. So overall I'll forgive it. Good food.
Who doesn't love mediterranean food and Old Jerusalem does a great job with it. My wife and I went for lunch right after it opened and it wasn't packed but by the time we left people were waiting out the door and I could see why.The service was friendly and they helped us narrow down our selections since everything looked good. My wife got the veggie platter and the falafel was delicious. She also got lamb skewers which had a great flavor. I got the Kuftah with hummus and rice and the flavors were awesome.Great spot that you can easily miss but it's worth checking out.
Hands down best the Mediterranean food. Plenty of great vegan options.
Came here on a whim and found a gem! Friendly staff, quick service, and great prices. Old Jerusalem is no frills, just great food. I had the hummus and meat. The lamb was full of flavor and THE HUMMUS...oh my goodness, the hummus! Let's just say that my tastebuds for hummus are forever ruined. I will add to the testament that no other place does hummus like Old Jerusalem- theirs is simply the best. I will be back :)
Excellent Arabic food, family-owned, great service. One of the best Middle Eastern restaurants in the city for any price.
Nice foods and atmosphere. The dip that they give you is really authentic. Ordered shewarma, Kofte kebap, old Jerusalem salad and kunefah. To be honest except falafel everything deserve more than 5 starts. The only thing that we didn't like it is service and servers. They were kinda rude to us and were speaking Arabic to each other. Chih chih chih ladies, you are not the only one who speak Arabic, didn't make that funny jokes again pls :) I'm gonna try this place more, I believe food will be awesome but if the service will below average same like today I had, I'm gonna take of one star.
Quickest service of all the authentic Middle Eastern restaurants I've been to. First came the perfectly cut pan bread halves with aioli and hot radish dipping sauce. Next came my Shawerma with hummus all under 5 minutes. I used my spoon as a lever and layered some lamb and beef pieces into a pan bread with my fork. Filling the rest of the space with an equal volume of hummus and topping a whisk of radish sauce on top, I took a careful bite in the middle of the sack savoring the Mediterranean herbs and spices. The lemon aftertaste was so seductive. I had no choice but to take a bigger bite. Each ingredient complimented each other. The hummus soaking into the bread flavored the meat, which was as tender as it was filling. That is what I call a meal.
Tried this place based on yelp reviews and was not disappointed. They are extremely generous with pita and also bring pickles turnip and a parsley dipping sauce to start. The pita was fresh, the sauce had nice flavor, and I loved the pickled turnip. I Tried the chicken shawarma with hummus. The hummus was super creamy and the chicken was tender with lovely subtle flavor.It's a small place with nice decor and very friendly fast service. I would love to go back if I'm in the area.
I'm giving this place 5 stars! Allow me to elaborateI stopped by Old Jerusalem Restaurant with a friend during a recent visit to San Francisco. He suggested it and I'm glad we went. The food is great and authentic. Menu is simple, straight to the point and contains a number of dishes that will satiate your appetite.Now, here is why I absolutely love this place - the knafeh here is LEGIT! Every component of it is on point. The semolina dough, the cheese (which is the most important ingredient when making knafeh), the syrup, the pistachio garnish, all of it is made right and it delivers on every level. The owner is super cool, so take the time to get to know him.Next time I'm in The Mission, I'll be sure to swing by
Good falafel wrap. Their hot sauce was good and that's important to me.I tried the parsley hummus and onion tomato thing from my friends vegetarian plate. Very tasty with my wrap.I'd probably go back. But I like to try new places so I'm not gonna go running back or something.Missing my tzaziki sauce though, which of course we only find at Greek restaurants that also serve falafel. :) I like a lot of cream and sauce with my food, makes the place for me!
Incredible lentil soup, great food & the best pita ever! Nothing fancy and removed from the busy SF restaurant areas, this cozy Mediterranean restaurant is well worth seeking out. For a reasonably priced, yet unforgettable meal it's worth a visit. Parking is on the street (meters).       TIP: Stick with beef rather than lamb for kebabs.
2.5 starsHummus was decent, and that along with the pickled beets they give as a free appetizer was probably the best part of the meal. We got a shwarma wrap and a meat combo plate. Shwarma was just okay as well since it lacked flavor too. Meat on the combo plate was kind of on the dry side and not seasoned too well. I mean, it wasn't the worst mediterranean food I've ever had, but it wasn't anywhere near mouth watering.The service there was good at least - they were attentive and were nice. And there was no wait (even though we did have a reservation) for a large group on a Saturday night. So at the very least if you want decent food, easy parking, good service, and no wait, this is your place.
This review is based on a first experience of one item.I had a falafel sandwich and it was delicious! It was exactly what I was looking for. Fresh falafel balls, crisp veggies, great yogurt sauce and hot sauce. I made a phone order it was ready within 10 minutes. The peson who took my order asked if I would like it spicy. I was surprised. It was perfect seeing how I wanted to eat it on the road and wouldn't have to deal with the little cup.The sandwich was about 2.5" longer than normal and falafel in every bite!I will definitely be coming back.
Oh my gosh this place was SO GOOD! My boss took the office for lunch here as an end of the summer gathering and he ordered for all of us which I was grateful for because I'm still not totally sure how to order Mediterranean! The hummus was far and beyond the highlight of the meal- it was like frosting but with the most wonderful fresh hummus flavor. After having one bite on the warm pita bread I knew that I wanted to take some home to share the goodness. All of the other food was great-but the hummus was the star of the meal and primarily what I will be going back for. It will be so hard to go back to Sabra after that taste!
As good as it gets. This place reminds me of meals I've had on trips to Israel. Amazing portions, the chicken kebab is to die for. This feels like a real neighborhood authentic middle eastern restaurant and for that 5 stars!The hummus is ridiculously good as well. We always come here when we don't know where to go or when we are with friends that miss the taste of Israel. Awesome job guys, we will be back. Salam!
Well this place was a pleasant surpriseDid not think this place was going to be that good!Man, the chicken kebab rice platter was killer. So. Much. Juice. And the rice was really flavorful as well. It's a little on the expensive side ($15 for a rice platter), but worth the moneyNo wonder the place was so packed, especially compared to all the other restaurants in the area that were pretty much empty at the time. The staff was hand over fist throwing out food to the tables like it's 1992.The cute waitstaff didn't hurt either :)Godspeed OJR
Charming restaurant in the Mission.The food is simple,fresh,attractively presented and delicious.Their hummus has a lot of tahini in it and is very creamy and good served with abundant amounts of hot,fresh pita bread.Very friendly wait staff.Not a huge menu but I intend to go back and gradually try all of it.No pretense just great food and service.A rarity now a days
I recently visited Israel and have been craving really good hummus since I stepped foot back into the US. The hummus in Israel is beyond amazing. It's warm and so flavorful. I was literally depressed that I wouldn't have such amazing hummus again unless I went back to Israel. My best friend (who I was visiting) told me that she will yelp a place in SF that hopefully has comparable hummus. She told me about this place and I literally couldn't wait to go... This restaurant is not in the best part of the city, but whatever - it's worth it. It's not fancy - It's a cute "hole in the wall." It's very clean and I actually liked that you get to walk through the kitchen when going to the bathroom because you can take a peak at all of the food prep. They don't serve alcohol (boo, but it's okay). We ordered their hummus, a lamb dish (I didn't eat that because I don't eat meat) and their salad. The best part was the hummus. Ladies and gentlemen, this place serves WARM hummus! I haven't found any place in the city or the bay area that serves warm hummus. It was delicious and I can't wait to come back for it! The lamb apparently wasn't that great and the salad was extremely plain. It needed tons of lemon, salt and pepper. All in all, I really enjoyed this place for their hummus. I will definitely be back for their hummus and I also want to try their baba gannoush. The hummus was a bit overpriced ($9.99 - when in Israel I would get it for $3). Please make sure to review your bill because we were overcharged by a few dollars!
YAAAASSSSS HABIBI, YAAASSSSSSS :DI came here pretty hungry after I ordered a garden salad elsewhere earlier that day which kept me longing for more, both portion and flavor-wise.I ended up here bc an Uber driver who is from Jordan told me about it a few weeks ago when I asked about his fave middle eastern joint in SF.I was not prepared to be blown away for some reason so brace yourselves: this is THE best middle eastern food I've had in SF and would rank among the top three best middle eastern places I've ate at in the entire country!I keep coming back just dreaming of the hummus. Oh my... Seriously if you're one of those 'ERMAHGERD I love hummus' type of people, you will probably pass out and go to hummus heaven when you come here. In fact, I'm convinced the kitchen is staffed with like little Palestinian tetas(grandmas) cooking away and making your hummus w love and all'a that flavor translates so well.I like all of the dishes but esp love the charred Shish Taouk, the rice is so freaking delicious I ate every single last grain and the pickles and the pita and ughhhh..GAH I love eating here.To seal the deal, they make a fantastic kunafeh. I had like a triplet of a food baby when I ate it on top of my meal. It was so cheesy and warm and gooey and sweet and pistachio-y and ughhh, just order a kunafeh, hot and fresh, Jarusalem style, you will thank me later.
The food here is GOOD.The platters are pricey, but come served with the little openers you're used to when dining in the Middle East -- olives and pink pickled turnips, a basket of pita and diced onions in tomato sauce.The ntabbal (pastes) are presented well here -- whipped to peaks with pools of parsleyed and paprikaed olive oil. The baba ghanouj creamy, not pliant but muscular paste that fights against your bite. Hummus is smooth and creamy. I would say Old Jerusalem's hummus is better but I prefer Palmyra's baba ghanouj.Foul has the correct bean-mash texture and flavour here, but they add a crush of raw seasoned garlic on top for an extra kick. Better than the foul at Palmyra.I'm not a Falafel fan but that ish is otherworldly crispy here -- the elaborate batter latticework encases the soft chickpea filling in a log for more deep-fried surface area. It reminds me of the fried fish from Woodhouse.Shish tawouk is juicy and firm but could be tenderer.Knafeh comes as a square sheet floating in a sea of Tabascoesque syrup and looks wholly unappetizing. But it tastes good -- the semolina is naturally soggy, but the cheese gives the right amount of chew. Not the same as the crispy knafeh fresh off the griddle in Lebanon, but not bad. I might not order one again for a while though.
Eating binge.Loved the radish, pita bread refills, and olives for the table.Lentil soup was good for a chilly day.Rice is buttery but still good. The fava bean (fal) dip was good too. Bathroom is tiny but easy street parking (we scored 1/2 block away)
I like this place. It kinda looks like a bit of a hole in the wall restaurant, but it's great.The wait for around 8/9 pm was about half an hour still somehow. There's not really room to wait inside the restaurant, so if it's a cold night and you're set on eating here, be sure to bring a warm jacket because you'll be outside. I got the chicken shawarma and it was delicious and worth the wait. The place has a nice homey feeling and the food comes out super quickly. The bathroom is all the way in the back past the kitchen. So you have to go through the kitchen to get to the bathroom. Is that acceptable? I wasn't sure, but it was weird walking by and one of the cooks is shaving meat off as I go by.
Old Jerusalem serves PALESTINIAN cuisine but with an added twist to Arabic food! The falafel stuffed with onions was absolutely delicious!!! Authentic falafel mix. The baba ghanoush was ok...lacking some lemon? The chicken shawerma tasted more like a chicken curry sandwich and was tasty! Portions are huge! Love it! I will be returning! Keep in mind, it's not the typical Arabic food you might be used to but you will not be dissapointed :)
The falafel and hummus here are some of the best I've ever had. I did however almost burn my butt off walking to the bathroom, which for some reason is behind the kitchen, which is open. You're literally walking down the line, directly to the back, and chilling on some freezers while you wait to pee. No matter though. The chicken kebab was amazing. Garlic falafel was AHMAZING. Rice was a little salty but still delicious. Interior is super small and cramped, so don't think about coming here with more than a group of 4.
I was not really into felafel before. My friends have taken me to popular felafel places before and I was just like..."eh, they all taste about the same to me". but the felafel here is amazing! are you kidding me? I didn't think vegetarian stuff can taste this good. the service was super fast. right after we ordered, my husband took our son to wash his hands. before they came back, felafel was served and it was piping HOT! within the next a few minutes, all the food came out, fresh from the grill. we had the combination veggie plate, combination meat plate and a lamb with eggs dish. everything we had was just done perfectly and my 3 year old ate really well, he tried everything and liked most of them. my husband was so glad I took him here after I saw it on check please. one of the bonus is that you get to walk through the kitchen on your way to the bathroom, like literally walk through the whole kitchen. I think it takes a lot for a restaurant to have an open kitchen, since they really can't do anything fishy to your food, otherwise you might just see it. will definitely be back.
Best middle eastern restaurant in the city I have been coming here for the past year they very consistent and serve very delicious food Everything tasty falafel, hummus and meats My favorite meat with hummus and lamb kabab with rice and hummus
So delicious and totally affordable!
(Rating: +++ is perfect)Atmosphere++:Service+++:FriendlyValue+++:inexpensive_________________FoodVeggie plate+++: hummus, falafel, babaganoosh, foul and salad with Pita breadsAll of them were organized respectively,which were so tasty.Shawarma+++:The meat was cut into small pieces, so I could eat easily. Kifta Kabab+++:The meat felt several herbs and spices.Kunafa +++:I unpredicted the taste that the appearance was unique like pizza, which the cheese was melting like elastic string. This is much more delicious than I expected.
I ordered a falafel sandwich, which was really good - fresh, light, and flavorful. The way it should be. It was for take-out.The service was very friendly and quick. The reason for the 3 stars, however, is that I found a hair in the sandwich. Extremely unfortunate. I hope this doesn't happen to anyone else who orders from here.Seeing as how I'm just visiting SF, I probably won't be back anyway. But if I did live here (or if I came back again to stay in the Mission area) I would be in a dilemma. Seemingly good food and service vs the possibility hair in my food.
I had the beef/lamb shawarma with rice. The pickled beets that came with the meal were okay. The pita bread was also okay. Kind of your basic white flour pita. The shawarma was only okay. It was kind of dried out in little pieces and wasn't particularly flavorful. My meal companions had the shish kababs and they did not like them. I'm not sure if it was a bad day but we were there on a Saturday evening. The service was very good and they constantly re-filled our waters.
This place is pretty good. But last time I went there I was the first person to arrive and ordered my food to go and they forgot all about me. They served about 3-4 tables before I received my food. I ordered a spicy falafel sandwich and not only did I get my food after everyone else they forgot to make it spicy. I like this place but come on y'all.
I was very excited to go to Old Jerusalem but frankly wax disappointed. The menu selection was quite limited. All they had was a re standard side dishes/salads, skewers and a good selection of deserts. But they did but have mansaf or any other a bit more elaborate dish. We ordered a variety of dishes and while they tasted ok, many were lacking basic seasoning like salt and lemon. In my book it's offensive to serve unseasoned food.
Four of us went here for dinner. I chose it because one of us is vegetarian.Unfortunately, two of us don't like Mediterranean food but they ate something.Our vegetarian friend had a plate of hummus with warm pita bread which he liked very much.I had the falafel sandwich which was delicious. It was so large that I brought half of it home for lunch.The appetizers are also very good. I liked the yogurt dip and pickled beets while my vegetarian friend like the spicy tomato-onion dip.Two of us would return, the other two would not.
The Knafeh was the best I have ever had in America! Literally ate two in a row and am thinking of having a third before departing. The Turkish coffee was also amazing. I have been sitting for hours doing my homework and drinking cup after cup. It reminds me of my mothers coffee!Lastly, the staff is excellent. All of the serves are kindhearted and respectful. I really appreciated the services. Thank you!I am just disappointed that I didn't discover this restaurant sooner in my trip!!!
I really like this place! Awesome gyros sandwich, hummus and tabbouli The sandwiches and plates are both goodThe vibe is nice and good service
Shawarma, rice, and hummus? Yes please! This place is located a block south of 24th and Mission in the somewhat o_O part of the Mission District. The walls are painted of the Old City of Jerusalem, and have a bunch of tables for either 2 or 4 people. I believe the most expensive dish here is $17 and you get chicken kabab, lamb and kofte kabab with a choice of rice, hummus or half and half. They bring you bread, olives, and somewhat hot cut up onions. Their sandwiches are all great and pretty large, for $7/$8 you can't go wrong. I also love their lentil soup, if you get one of these before your meals, then you'll probably have leftovers!
This place is really good. Some of the best Mediterranean-style food I have ever had. Actually, probably the best. You can just tell that everything about the place seems so much more authentic that most other "mediterranean" restaurants you come across. Also, you get lots of food! Almost too much. I didn't even get through half of my place before I felt like I was going to explode.
I went here for dinner last night and the food came up quickly it was really good. I ordered the vegetarian combination plate which came with a small portion of hummus. I asked the waitress for a little bit more hummus and she repeated back to me "oh, OK a small plate of hummus? You got it."THAT SMALL PLATE OF HUMMUS WAS $10. That's messed up, and price gouging. I was never told that, and didn't know until I paid. So, warning.
I've lived near Old Jerusalem for almost two years, and it is my go-to restaurant for non-Hispanic food in the southern portion of the Mission neighborhood. The owners are funny and personable, as are their staff. They simply take care of you. The Mousakhan is glorious. Take note, this isn't the more commonly known Greek eggplant dish Moussaka--rather, it is a savory Palestinian meal of oven-roasted half chicken atop freshly baked flatbread with lots of sauteed onions, roasted pine nuts and deep red sumac. Delish.Another delight that you ought to try is the Kunafa, a special Levantine cheese pastry soaked in sweet syrup. A perfect end to an excellent meal.Take note that during peak hours, the place can get crowded. However, takeout is an option, and it is definitely worth the wait. Great for casual dates (approved by my good man) and great for groups as well (my roomies adore this place). Enjoy!
Not as good as last time: Hummus was like Spackle...not light and whipped. Pita was burnt. The chicken was overcooked, over salted, and just not very good.Perhaps it was the labor Day weekend but it was not a great experience.
Surprise discovery in the Mission in San Francisco. Excellent food. Excellent service. For authentic Middle Eastern cuisine, you can't go wrong at Old Jerusalem.
Kefta Kabab served with rice. Amazing! The rice was super fluffy and well seasoned. And the meat was perfectly tasty! The pita was also very good and I don't even like pita bread that much.I also really like the falafel there; I live on the block so I've had that a couple times. Decided to branch out and have the kabab, and that was the best decision I've made all day! The tahini sauce was really good as well. The portion was enough for dinner tonight and lunch tomorrow. Can't wait to try more entrees here!
This place was always a 5 star spot for me. My favorite place for Mediterranean, also the best hummus I've ever had was here. Shout out to their stuffed falafel too, so yummy, you only need one as they are very feeling. Actually everything is very feeling here, so order light. I usually get a sandwich/wrap with chicken and hummus side order, on occasion a side of rice too. That feels me and my husband up easily with some left overs. This last time was a bit disappointing and things didn't taste the same as I'm used to them. Also the service was a bit awkward and almost impossible to get water. I've brought family here and they absolutely love it. It's a small space but you can fit a small group in there. Had I of written this review earlier it would of been a 5, if not 6 star, but due to the last experience I had to be honest and shave a star off that. I will return at some point but not any time soon. One last thing, they have this unusual desert that has a red top and is made with cheese. Never had anything like it but if you feel like experimenting give it a try. It's starts with a K, that's all I remember.
Two stars is for "I've experienced better." And, I have. But I give them three because they seem to be one of the few restaurants in the city that don't gouge you. The food was lackluster, the interior a bit run-down and the service spotty. Definitely the saltiest (read old and canned) olives I have ever had. You get a little bit more than you pay for, though.
Friendly staff, fast service, good mediterranean food. I have to admit, I've had better falafels elsewhere, but theirs is not bad. price is decent. I only tried their veggie combo and falafels.
Well, as a B man professional photographer who photo shoot Models from all over the World one of my clients suggested that she would like to have Mediterranean food. The place that was close was Old Jerusalem (aka) Old Mediterranean what every the name.Once we arrived I remembered being there once before with another client 2 years ago yet not remembering the (negative) experience,Once we entered the door and was seated at the entrance of the door while the door was prompted wide open (windy) and totally separated from the 4 empty roles of seats leading to where people was dinning it actually came back to me that this has happen to me before at the same restaurant.My client was from out of town when they placed us by the door she made a negative comment.Actually we should have walked out but I did not want to give her a bad impression on San Francisco. We ordered the food, they served the food never suggesting a beverage at some point I requested a bottle of water the waitress aka manager stated that we do not have bottled water while my client requested a water with lemon I then requested the same.Once delivered while dining I just so happen to look up at the counter and notice that they had bottles of waters around the counter along with beverages, I told my client, she looked back to confirm and then she stated I feel unconformable eating this food if they are forcing you to drink there water.While we shared the Pita bread when I got to the bottom of it they served me a Pita bread that someone had actually bitten (teeth marks) into hiding it the under the questionable fresh bread.Seriously speaking my observation is that it is very obvious that they are selling more then just food being a man they distract you from eating and only cater to certain cultures food or what ever..
Truly amazing place and food! The place is small, but gives you the feel of sitting in a restaurant in middle eastern geography. I had the vegetarian sampler place (don't remember what it was called), carrot juice and kunafa. The kunafa was my least favorite, but's because I don't like too much cheese. The veggie plate and the carrot juice were really good. I would highly recommend this place to everyone. I even got a chance to walk past the kitchen - and no red flags there too.
I'd seen a lot of good reviews about this place so I decided to take my wife and a few friends there. We wanted to try their Knafeh, which is a traditional middle eastern dessert made of shredded dough, cheese, and syrup. The knafeh was STALE! My guess is that it sat in their kitchen for over a week. We stopped eating after the first bite as there was clearly something wrong with it! Don't go there or eat their knafeh!
My lamb shawerma was dry and tasteless. Same with my husband's chicken.Very disappointed.
I tried all the Arabic food in Texas, Arizona and Los Angeles, This is the BEST Arabic restaurant I've ever tried!!!  THANK YOU YELP!!! I glad i found this place. First of all, I notice how beautiful and awesome it is inside, I love the design inside of the place alot! Second, inside the place smell fresh, the table and chairs was clean. Third, The food was very tasty!!! I just finished everything, especially Mushakhan- You wont ever find this dish in anywhere else because this dish takes time and difficult to cook.Fourth, the service. Every waiters are really fast, polite and very nice also. I am not from San Francisco, I asked the owner questions around the area and he actually took time and answer specifically what I need, that was very nice from him, I appreciate. Conclusion, I definitely come back if I have chance visit San fran again!! I would missing the taste of the food here alot!! ...
The falafels and the shish kabab were dry, but the shawerma and veggie combo were extra delicious. We tried the kunafa and highly recommend it. The baklava was too small.
My go to restaurant when I'm working in the Mission. ALWAYS great! Never a complaint! The food is consistently on point. I usually order a lot of food so I've tried just about the whole menu excluding meat dishes. As a vegan I get a fantastic full meal here.
Dammit! Best falafel I've EVA had! Split the veggie combo with my husband. I didn't even eat pita and was more than stuffed. We also had lentil soup which was pured and yummy! Going back!!!!!!
Insanely good falafel and hummus. Get them both in a falafel sandwich. Spicy.
Soooooo good! Best hummus in the city. Great service. I highly recommend the moussabaka, (hummus served warm with cooked chickpeas) it's great for a cold winter day.
Full House on a Friday night! Luckily, my friend had reservations for 12, which pretty much took up about 1/3 of the restaurant. You're welcome :PI greatfully enjoyed the free appitizers they had (pickled beets, pita&dip and olives) and then greatfully enjoyed my ginormous Shish Taouk Sandwich (which was really more like a wrap) but loaded with jucy chicken, vegetables and sauce! Between the appitizers and half a sandwich, I was able to save the other half for a late night post bar muchie snack (or meal) if needed. I ended up saving it for the next day and you know it's really good when the meal holds up and it
I'm putting 5 Stars here mostly for the hummusIf you ever ate here before and you think that Old Jerusalem's hummus isn't good, then whatever you had before that was named as HUMMUS on the menu was toothpaste with hummus flavor.This is the only place that serve a real fresh warm/hot hummus and it's delicious !!! Even in the Middle East you won't find a good hummus like this one every where you'll go.So just enjoy it
This place is amazing! Tasty, quick, friendly, and cost efficient.This is my favorite no-frills mediterranean meal, for a good price. I've tried most things on the menu, and chicken skewers are my favorite. The meat is very tender! Servers are also really friendly. This is a great place for takeout too! Typically ready in 15 min for pickup.
I have try this place for many time for many years I had always pleasure to order from there and the people work there is always helpful and do any think to make you happy and the food always perfect And the owners is really nice and when we make the Order always on time
Bottom line - their hummus is made with love. You can literally taste the love.I've tried several dishes here and I have yet to be disappointed. Old Jerusalem is for sure one of my local favorites. I go to the city often, but i live in the mid-peninsula so it is a drive but Old Jerusalem is totally worth it. I made my entire family drive 3 cars to SF just to eat here for my birthday earlier this month!This is a must if you love delicious food, well priced dishes, and big portionsPS - Always get half rice and half hummus when you get the platters!PPS - Dessert here is also something to try out. Baklava is always a win but the other dessert (with cheese) is surprisingly delicious and savory for a dessert made with cheese.
THANK YOU YELP for helping me realize the inner fat girl in me trying to fight her way out. Occasionally, I let Fat Connie out of the cage and food into my belly! I was craving pita breads, hummus, falafels, schwarma, ALL OF IT! This restaurant is located closer to Cesar Chavez st. so parking isn't a huge issue around night time. My sister [real sister, not Fat Connie] and I ordered the Vegetarian Combo and a side of hummus. The complimentary pita bread is out of the world. So soft and warm! There was ample leftovers after we ate, enough for a small lunch for the both of us.
The food was a bit over priced & just ok.One of our waitresses was heavily flirted w/ my husband in front of me and had on very immodest tights in a halal restaurant.NEVER coming back...
Fantastic, cheap, filling, free bread olives radishes and sauces with meal. Jerusalem salad and fetta with meat are great. Nice paintings. Good quality/price ratio
Shared a meal with my girlfriend here and got fuller than a bitch. You get a gang of food.
I used to live in town for the past few years, moved few months ago to So Cali, and this is the second time I come to SF just eat here! I drive 400miles to eat their falafel & foul !! It's the best in California! They are so kind & the food is awesome! I would come here everyday if I live in town! Highly recommended :)
Dinner there again tonight. Adding a star because there were not any hipsters in sight. In fact there was one table with some 80 something year olds....And again the food was fantastic, the price was right, and the service perfect.
the Kefta Kebab and Shawermas are amazing !Falafel and Baba Ghanoush is delicious, this is our go to place for mediterranean fix
So good! One of the few places in the bay that doesn't have watery hummus. While it's not true Lebanese like the app will tag it, It's better than most places. Good service and good food. Plus a family run business-will be returning.
Good food & helpful staff. I got the vegetarian combo with stuffed Falafel (both were great). My wife got the meat combo and it was OK. I tried the Msakhen here before and it was great. The Kunafa for dessert is good as well.Overall, this place is very good with reasonable prices.
Its cheaper to buy a flight to Jerusalem!I was craving, real, home made, hummus, baba ghanoush and hot falafel right off the heat. I could almost feel it in my mouth so i ordered those 3 items. One large hummus, one small baba ghanoush and HALF a dozen falafel. Guess what the total was lol? $34 dollars lol!!!! I swallowed slowly and not to be rude, i still paid. I took it home to give it a chance. We are talking about a HOLE IN THE WALL place. I was shocked. I went next door to Samiramis Imports (the owner is nice) and i purchased enough suppliers (garbanzo beans, tahini ) to make triple the amount of hummus i purchased next at Old Jerusalem plus bread, cheese, etc and the total was $24! lolI took the food i bought at Old Jerusalem home. My mouth was still watering from the though of having this stuff.. and BOOM. the shock came after the initial shock:       - the falafel were long not round and they were like costco nasty taste - bland. If i wanted them to be that bad, i would just mkae them myself.       - the hummus (and i love good hummus) was pasty.. thick.. too much tahini.. no lemon or garlic.. YUCK! i threw it away...!!!!       - the baba ghanoush was not too bad. you could feel the roasted eggplant but it did not have enough taste.i was, i AM, so disappointed. How this place has managed to survive all these years and fool the crows amazes me! EITHER, the family is writing the reviews.. or you don't know good hummus! This place is the most ridiculous place i have been to for middle eastern food in a long time. The prices are insane. The food is bad.
As a Middle Eastern foodie I'm disheartened that this eatery passes as a quality Arabian/Middle Eastern restaurant with a 4 star rating. The staff is this super nice Palestinian family and they were very welcoming (and excited I spoke Arabic) but I'm sorry, that doesn't make up for the food.The Shawerma was stale, overcooked, dry, and way too salty. The hummus is a complete disaster - the ingredient ratio is so off that the taste barely resembles the classic dish. I'm an amateur and the stuff I make half-heartedly in my own kitchen blows this out of the water, so that should tell you something about this place. Stay for konafa? Oh thanks, but no thanks, salam!
Yummy yummy. I really likes their kobabs, rice, chicken and tea. Everything I have had to date is delicious the only thing I was not a fan of was their full. I like them to have a little more garlic and lemon flavor personally but that is definitely a personal bias. Must have yummy treat great place to bring friends
I go to the this restaurant a lot and think it's authentic and delicious. I'm surprised that the Yelp reviews I've read don't mention my two favorite dishes: the Mousakhan and stuffed falafel. The Mousakhan is half a roasted chicken, which is very good, but the star is the bread the chicken is served on. It's warm pita-like bread with carmelized onions, pine nuts, sumac and olive oil and it's amazing. Unfortunately, they are often out of it. The stuffed falafel is a crispy falafel ball stuffed with pine nuts, onion and sumac. Yum! I've never seen it anywhere else and I love it. We usually order family style, and I recommend trying the ful and other dips with shwarma on top. My friend who has lived all over the middle east introduced me to this restaurant and says it's the most authentic one he's found it SF. It is a great small, kid-friendly, casual neighborhood restaurant. It is often crowded since it was on Check Please Bay Area but we usually get the last open table. I find it inexpensive for the amount and quality of food.
AMAZING FOOD,the best authentic food just like in Jerusalem, And I originally from there. Don't miss if you're in the city. DINA was great and kind she treated us like we're at home. Thanks Guys.
Old Jerusalam seems popular. a steady stream of patrons. food seem pricey. maybe it's the mission. arabian/med eats.seating about a dozen tables. take out counter in fronteats: shawerma wrap(7.95)-long, slender wrap of mostly tender meat, some gristle present-had tomato bits, cucumbers, tahini sauce, lettuce?-ok value, falafel @6.95 seem pricey3.5 stars-food came out in about 5 minutes.crumbs:-if no gristle, 4 stars.-cordial, pleasant service.
Stuffed Falafel- #12 on the 2013 7x7 100 Things to Eat Before You Die list.We arrived at Old Jerusalem around 6:30pm on a Saturday night, and this small restaurant was packed with diners and there was also a small group outside waiting for a table. The aromas that wafted outside smelled delicious, but since my friends and I were starving and didn't want to wait the 30-45 minutes, I just ordered a couple of items to go:-Stuffed Falafel ($1.25/piece, yelp.com/biz_photos/old-): Delicious! This falafel was enormous, and had a nice crusty exterior and fluffy interior. A must order!-Kunafa ($4.50, yelp.com/biz_photos/old-): I love kunafa and don't see it on that many menus, so was excited to try the one from Old Jerusalem. However, I think it cooled off too much by the time we ate it, since the cheese congealed and it was difficult to chew. A cold kanafa is definitely not very good, so don't bother getting this to go! I will have to give it another try.Overall, I enjoyed the stuffed falafel, but wished we had stayed to dine at Old Jerusalem. Their staff is really friendly and helpful there, and I will definitely be back in the future to try their food. If you don't feel like waiting in line, I'd highly recommend you get takeout during the dinner rush hours, and call in ahead of time since there isn't much space to wait for your food inside. Parking is also limited in this area.
Love this place! always great, authentic food! I go there with friends at least once a month. It's usually 6 of us and we always get to feel cozy and welcome. If you're around, definitely recommended!
Prompt, friendly service, clean rest room, everything is made on the premises. Shawarma sandwich was delicious and enough for two meals! We should have shared one. Yummy olives and pickled turnips come with the meal. Close and easy walk from BART.
Delicious, great portions, fair prices, friendly staff. Really a gem for this kinda food in the area.
What they don't tell you is that even at lunch all orders come with a side of bread, pickles and a bunch of dips. All of it was so good I knew that I was in trouble because I wasn't going to be able to eat the food I ordered - the stuffed falafel and mousakhan.The stuffed falafel was good. And I should have just stopped there but felt obligated to eat some of the mousakhan as well. The chicken was very tender and I liked the bread though it was very onion-y. I think I preferred the complementary plain pita better. I'll have to return with reinforcements so I can sample more next time.
Folks, I know you are giving 5 stars, but they give a lot of food for one person and it seems geared towards large parties. I paid $18.00 for their Vegetarian plate plus a buck tip, and I think it is too steep. This sort of food is very yummy, but it will grow my middle-aged butt. I would rather be charged moderately and given smaller portions. I think it is a nice place, but that $18.00 for a Veggie plate turned me off. My daughter is in college, and I do not have that kind of money to spend. I am going to Valencia street to Ali Baba's Cavern which just seems like a better choice for Vegan plates with moderate helpings. I do not pig out this way. Try the Falafel Plate at Ali Baba's,which is $9.00 including a buck tip. Mind you this is a straight up dive!, but I was trained from a young age to have dive tolerance.
Excellent food and excellent service. Bothe quality and quantity are just right. I'm middle eastern and this very comparable to home cooked food.
Excellent, consistent food; the location itself is unremarkable with a handful of small tables, minimal decor (other than cool murals), but the service is tight and the food is among the best middle eastern options in all of SF.
Do not skip over this small place if you're in the area!! It's a gem!Tucked on Mission, you can take any bus that goes up and down the street (like 14 or 49) or Bart it to 24th and walk there. The entrance is small so look up to find the entrance!Their prices are great for the taste you get. I totally recommend the Shish Taouk if you're a chicken fan. If you don't want to choose between hummus or rice, you can get half half! Their hummus is one of the best I've had! I know it's pretty easy to make, but seriously this one is magically smooth and savory. Their meats are well cooked and I love that they dust everything in herbs!Their entrees come with pita too. So for $13 you get a fantastic meal.Their sauces are great too. I love the green/white one (sorry I don't know the names) that's on the creamy side. The chutney-esque one is kind of sweet but good. Beware of the hot sauce! It's super hot! But zingy. Use with caution. The owner is also great. He's there almost all the time to make sure quality is consistent. He says he wants to open another location but doesn't trust someone else to run his restaurant yet because he wants to make sure everything is to his standard. He's hard working, and it shows through the food and efficiency of the restaurant. Even during peak times the wait is not too long.Get a "taste of the holy land" and come here! They also take phone orders. Here's their website.oldjsf.com
The food is very good -- i liked the Shish Taouk (chicken) wrap which was made with obviously fresh pita which was toasted crisp and made the entire wrap even better. Great flavors, although perhaps a tad too much lettuce. The baklava, however, I've had better.  Although the young woman and man were exceedingly nice & friendly, they need just a tad more learning on intuitive service -- as in knowing when to check in at table to see if anything else is needed, clear plates and ask about dessert, etc -- it's really small place, so not that difficult. But I did like it overall.
This place is always great because their food is constantly consistant and fresh. Once you try their hummus it's very hard to find one that compares to it.It is a small restaurant that fits around 30 seated. The largest table they do have sits up to 8 people. The best time to come is before or after their lunch and dinner rushes. They are always friendly and kind which is a plus as well.
Nothing gets me off more than...FOODSex is overrated. If you're a woman, I'm sure some of you can relate. I've lost count on how many foodgasms I've had. As far as orgasms, I can count how many I've had on....umm, errr...one hand and not even with all 5 fingers. Did I just put Mr. NSS on blast? Oppsie. =XPureed chickpeas may not sound very sexy but hummus is. Damn sexy that is especially Old Jerusalem's hummus. Hubba Hubba. It may be a cardinal sin to use "sex" and "Jerusalem" in the same sentence but Old Jerusalem's hummus IS the best I've had!Decadent and silky smooth, Old Jerusalem's hummus is richly creamy with a fragrant kiss of garlic and a tantalizing citrus punch. Each bite will leave you begging for more AND more. bit.ly/RSLlRlDrizzle it.Spread it.Douse it.Rich in fiber and "protein", it's one guilty-free foodgasm that does your body good.Maybe if I eat enough, I can get into belly dancing shape.*Rubs guzzle gut*Yeah right.OTHER NOTES:*Clean, old school hole-in-the-wall restaurant.*Friendly and warm service.*Complimentary warm pita bread, dips, pickled beets and marinated olives provided with all orders. bit.ly/Sg3tH1*Generous portions. Everything is under $15.*Very flavorful shawarmas with robust spices BUT very dry; almost like a jerky.*Cap your mouth-watering Middle Eastern grub with a hot, refreshing cup of Moroccan tea. bit.ly/Riyn0a*Seating for 26-28.*Easy street metered parking.
Really like Old Jerusalem. Small place, great food, extremely affordable.Don't miss the fetta with meat (hummus, meat, pita) and the kunafa. Both are amazing. The stuffed falafel is crispy on the outside, moist and fluffy on the inside. Hard to have a bad meal here.A couple things I will say is that because they use white meat for their chicken kebabs, it can sometimes come out a little dry (nothing that can't be fixed with a bit of hummus or tahini sauce), and each time I've been there they have completely forgotten a dish that we've ordered. One time in particular it seemed like the servers were having a tough time staying on top of things.All-in-all, though, love this place and will keep coming back.
Best food ever. Especially the Shawarma sandwiches. You need to have one to see yourself. No one can beat this place. I can eat here everyday. Thank you for the great food.
Really good! Very authentic, flavors are just right. So far the best Middle Eastern Restaurant in the bay area. My husband and I ordered three dishes to share, and cleaned each one. They probably didn't even have to do the dishes after we were done. How much is homemade, Kefta and chicken kabobs, foul... And the sampler appetizer plate. Babaganouj was amazing too
{ OVERALL : 4 stars }{ FOOD : 4 stars } yummy stand outs:* hummus : 4 stars* chicken skewers : 4.5 stars* hot sauce : 5 stars* yummy light green sauce (they give for free), kind of a taziki : 4.5 stars* shawarma : 3.5 stars (mine needed more salt and was a bit dry)* pita : 3.5 stars (ours were not warm){ SERVICE : 4.5 stars }* waiters + waitresses were friendly* didn't have to ask for water refills* just the right amount of attentiveness{ AMBIANCE : 3.5 stars }* clean, but it is a small mom + pop hole in the wall type of place* it's LOUD (when full), small place with nothing to absorb the noise{ TIPS / MISC }* will definitely come back* definitely give the shawarma another chance* street parking was fairly easy* would like to try to go next time, hope the chicken skewers travels well!
I don't write very many good reviews. This place is the real deal. One of the few hiddem gems left in the city. Im very happy this place exists. Best falfel in the world perhaps. Get #18
Super Yummy! Great flavor, vegetarian friendly. The falafel sandwich is big enough to share, and then you can also eat the hummus and pita plate. Homemade olives and pickled root of some sort. Yum. Good value, friendly staff. Definitely coming back!
I love Hummus here which comes with a spicy sauces. This place is worth to give a try.
My chicken shawarma was ready in about 3 minutes. The texture of the chicken was weird, like it was frozen. Also there was a curry seasoning flavor taste and look to my chicken. I received one basket of bread never offered another. The one positive is that the portions sizes are big. I will not be returning.
I had my lunch on May 22ed, food not like what I expect even the service, I asked the waiters chicken shawarma with hummus when I told her that's not what I ordered then when she gave me my older again was hummus with pice of chicken not with shawerma that was disappointment
Went to visit our friend in SF, and he showed us this place. I wouldn't think to go here if I was ever in this part of town, but I'm glad he showed us this restaurant. The place itself is small, but cozy. We came with like a big group of 8 people and they accommodated to us pretty well. The person who served us was very friendly and made sure we were taken care of. This place has a lot of vegetarian options! I love it! I shared a falafel sandwich and I'm glad I did. I got pretty full from eating just half. I also picked from my friend's plate which had hummus and pita bread. It was really good! Along with your food, they serve everyone with side dishes and sauces. We didn't really touch the olives and radish, but their red and white sauce were pretty good! Dipped everything with it. Overall, I would come back again if I'm ever in the area. Great place for falafels! :D
Hummus was very delicious. Pita bread was fresh. Kabob and Kafta were tender and tasty. Knafeh is the best! The only negative thing is the small size of the restaurant. All in all highly recommended!
A bit pricey but you get your money's worth! Excellent tasting food. And as authentic as it gets!
Delicious authentic food. Generous portions. Good service. If only it wasn't so far for me, I'd go there much more often.
Small restaurant with great food. i really like the eggplant dish. Also the lamb dish. Sorry i forgot the names of them but the menu isn't too big walking to the restrooms in the back was a little scary. you have to walk through their kitchen and the grill is so close and hot.
GOOD: Unique taste, Food selection. I knew nothing about what to order except for lamb, chicken and vegetables. Coming here I finally got to taste delicious hummus, rice, and falafel. Sauces and cooked vegetables were very tasty. A lightly spice or pungent taste adds to the flavor of a lot of these large size plates. The price is average, but you get to taste something that is different and in great portions. I like the variety on the menu and something anyone can find to enjoy.BAD: The wait! The place is very, VERY small. 5-6 tables seating 4-5 people on the right side of the wall, while 3 tables sit a table for 2 on the left side. If you come between 6-9pm it is packed! The waiters don't even have time to put your name on a notepad, but they do their best to remember you.
Nice little food place. Loved everything that we ordered. Their Falafel were clearly out of world.
I live near here, so it can be easy to overdo it on the hummus. It's so delectable!When I share an entree and appetizer, I leave stuffed. Leftovers are ok for the next day, but not nearly as satisfying as when freshly prepared. Usually not too crowded even though it's a small place; reasonably priced for the generous portions. If you get the shawarma or falafel wraps, eat them in the restaurant or take them directly home without stopping-- they're good (and, again, generously portioned), but they don't travel well without dripping everywhere. By the time I eat half and am thinking about wrapping up the leftovers, the bottom half is usually falling apart in the wrapper completely saturated with liquid and un-leftoverable without fork and knife.
Decent quality food along with good service.I wanted to give this place a try after watching its review on Check Please Bay Area. One of my friend and I came here from Downtown to find it closed (It was a Monday). We should have checked before heading out this way. However, there are a lot of other good restaurants nearby, so we were happy to give one of them a try.We ventured out again after a few weeks on Wed to find the place full for lunch around 12:45 PM (a good sign :). After some wait, one table opened up. It is a nice cozy/small place with very beautiful murals on the walls. We ordered two stuffed falafels, vegetarian combo, beef shawarma, arabic coffees. The stuffed falafels were good and worth a try. The vegetarian combo plate was big with hummus, babaganoush, arabic salad, two falafels, and a piece of grilled eggplant and cauliflower. While the food was good quality and quantity, It was not as flavorful as I would have expected. It is worth a try; however, I would not order it again. The complementary pita, tahini, and olives were nice. However, we were charged $2 for extra pita even though there were two people on the table. The arabic coffee was really good and worth it. Beef shawarma was good but not impressive.I would try out other places in the neighbourhood before I come here again. I would come back to try the falafel sandwich, stuffed falafels, and arabic coffee. Overall, this is not my favorite mediterranean/middle-eastern restaurant.
Excellent food. The hummus is so delicious. And the baba ganoush has a great authentic smokey flavor. Exactly the same taste that you would eat in Palestine. I loved the salad and the flavors of the kifta kebab (They were a little dry. Not sure if it's because they were sitting a while before I ate. Still delicious.) chicken and rice. Bread was so good. It had a nice chew to it.This was a catered event and I couldn't be happier with the food or the service!I brought some hummus back to NY with me, too!
Food is kinda nasty. Tried their chicken shawarma and the half chicken plate..I bet they cooked the chicken month ago and they just microwave it before serving it. Don't recommend this to any one out there. There are a plenty of good Middle eastern restaurants in SF
Came here after jogging one night and ordered the beef and lamb shawarma sandwich. It was my first time eating one and it was just okay. I was starving at the time so I was disappointed that there wasn't enough meat to satisfy my hunger. The sandwich was lacking in flavor so adding their hot sauce which gave it a little more oomph. The only complimentary items that were given to us were pickled beets and bitter olives. Definitely wasn't a good experience in trying a shawarma, but I would like to come back and try their other dishes.
No alcohol, but great tea.The food is fantastic. I highly recommend Old Jerusalem.
Excellent! Old Jerusalem is everything you want in a restaurant - delicious and authentic homemade food, attentive service, and warm ambiance, as if you're a guest in someone's home (and that someone is an amazing cook!).Everything is good, and I especially love the shish taouk, falafel and the warm pita bread and olives before the meal. The servings are generous and the price can't be beat. Highly recommended!
Dining at Old Jerusalem is like going back to the homeland dancing the hora and singing 'Hava Nagilah'. How disingenuous of me since I'm not Jewish. My people aren't even from the Middle East, more like a few thousand miles to the east past the Silk Road. But I feel like an Israelite when I come here because the walls are filled with murals of Jerusalem in all its historical glory. This is no formica-laden fast-food shawarma place like at the very end of The Avengers where you wonder how they managed to stay open when most of Manhattan was destroyed. No, this feels like a family-run operation with the staff as nice and attentive as can be. The youngsters at Oasis Grill could take a cue from this place.Jamie W. and I have been on a Middle East kick lately since the cuisine is so tasty and healthy at the same time. That's why we've been wanting to try Old Jerusalem for a while since we kept seeing it from the 14 as we passed by. They don't disappoint. Good-size portions and executed in a home-style fashion. You are first given a plate of pickled beets and parsnips with green olives followed immediately by a full basket of homemade pita slices with two dipping sauces - a chunky chili-tomato and a yogurt blended with tahini and cilantro (see photos). Highly addictive stuff out the gate. Jamie ordered their daily special, the $14.95 Lamb with Okra, a savory stew in a spicy red sauce accompanied by their special rice (see photo).I tried their $13.95 Vegetarian Combination Plate, quite a full platter with two falafel balls, hummus, ful, baba ghanoush, Arabian salad, dolmas, marinated eggplant and roasted cauliflower. Genuinely delicious and highly recommended for non-veg-heads looking for something different with a diverse array of flavors. We came back less than a week later, and I tried two small plates to fill my belly - the $7.45 Mossabaha, a heaping spread of hummus dip topped with whole chick peas, lemon juice, garlic, pepper and olive oil; and the $4.95 Jerusalem Salad, which was actually a watery tahini sauce mixed with tomato, cucumber, parsley with olive oil and lemon (see photo). Repeat visits are inevitable.FOOD - 4 stars...solid, home-style Middle Eastern fare well executed and mostly satisfyingAMBIANCE - 4 stars...atmospheric murals bring a unique spot to the MissionSERVICE - 4 stars...really friendly and helpful with the menuTOTAL - 4 stars...takes me back to the homeland...oh wait, I'm not from the Holy Land
We had the pleasure of dining here with our with our two small children on a Sunday afternoon. We received prompt and courteous service. The food came out hot and delicious. I ordered the vegetarian platter, my husband ordered a lamb kebab platter and the kids split the chicken shawarma plate with a side of fries. Everything came out fresh and delicious. The service was excellent. I could tell the french fries were fresh potatoes sliced right there and the kids enjoyed them. Rice was fragrant and fluffy, hummus delicious. Falafel plate came out crispy and hot. I really enjoyed this little family run business and appreciate the cleanliness of the place as well. Thank you Old Jersualem we will definitely be back.
This is one of the best Middle Eastern spots in SF. The kebabs were cooked to perfection, the baba ganoush was delicious as was the pita. This is definitely going on the regular rotation.
Passover is finally over! After eight days of being denied some of my favorites, I was ready to INDULDGE heavily in those heretofore forbidden foods. That's right, during the previous week plus I ate No bread, No rice, No beans, and even SESAME SEEDS were verboten. (If you grew up in the Ashkenazi Jewish tradition, this MIGHT make sense to you. If not, don't sweat it, just take it on faith. This ain't the place to what you can and cannot eat during Passover.) So, what better way to get reacquainted with some of my forgotten favorites than combining ALL OF THEM in one meal? Enter: OLD JERUSALEM, the "Mediterranean joint" on Mission between 25th and 26th. Man, I LOVE this place. I haven't eaten EVERYTHING on the menu, but everything that I have eaten has ALWAYS been good. I feel like, if someone can spout off a negative stereotype about people from a certain region, then let me make a POSITIVE stereotypical statement: folks from the middle east take PRIDE in the food they serve and seem to LOVE pleasing their customers with good food. I've never been to a Middle Eastern / Mediterranean restaurant where I felt like the owners and the cooks were "just winging it" or going through the motions. (Unlike CERTAIN cultures in this city that I could name. Hmmm.) Maybe their business model sucked, maybe they had no idea about customer service or how a meal is supposed to flow (hello, Palmyra on Haight Street!) but you knew that, at the very least, the food was their top priority. You could feel good about what you were eating because they wanted you to love it. Well, O.J. is no exception.This is the kind of place where the owner pulls up a chair and starts talking with his regulars, where families come with their kids to sit and eat. Very low key, very comfortable and homey. I ordered the Chicken Shawarma plate. I asked for half rice / half hummus. No problem. I think it's worth it to get the entrees here, as opposed to simply ordering the sandwiches, because all the entrees come with a lot of extra sides. So, not only do you get rice, hummus, and the Chicken Shawarma, you also get four pitas, a plate of olives and pickled turnips, a little side dish of "bakdounsia" which I believe is a variation on Tahini, and a spicy chili dip. Personally, the chili dip wasn't working for me. It had raw onions, which gave it a nice crunch, and it was a decent combo of tomato and spicy, but I really hate raw onions, I gotta tell you.The rice was fluffy and yellow. I don't know what it is, but I'm a sucker for yellow rice / arroz amarillo. Maybe it's chicken stock that does it, maybe it's just Yellow Dye #12, but one way or another, I likes it! I really feel like you can judge a place by the simplest items on their menu, their fries, their rice. If they can make the rice stand out from the ordinary, chances are they're going to nail the more complicated dishes as well.The hummus was just the way I like it - all the ingredients (garbanzo beans, tahini, lemon, garlic, olive oil) blended together in a nice harmony, with no one ingredient overpowering the mix. And the chicken? FLUFFY. I don't know how else to describe it! Little chunks of fluffy white meat, deliciously hinting at cumin and sumac. Wrap it up in some warm pita with a layer of hummus and a hint of hot sauce - Heaven!I'm a pig, so I ate the whole thing, which came to $18 and change including tax and tip. But, honestly, if I was watching my weight, or if I was two people weighing under 115 pounds each, this easily could've been split into two normal size meals instead of one JI-GUNDA meal. You should explore their menu, because from what I can tell, it's all good. They even have a dish that combines Lamb with eggs, which I've never seen anywhere before but I LOVED!Summary: really good food at great value for the price, served up by people who WANT you to love it.
Very nice owner & servers. Everything my friends & I had was decent but nothing really rocked my world. Would def give it another try but I'm not putting it on the top of my list to go next week.
Can't say much more than I don't think I can find meaningfully better place for middle eastern food.
About twenty bucks later, my taste buds were satisfied, my stomach was full, and I was walking out of Old Jerusalem with a doggy bag in hand. My aunt saw this place on TV and immediately wanted to try this place out since she's on a constant lookout for new restaurants to try. We came here for Mother's Day with a reservation for 6 at 7PM. We showed up to this tiny crowded restaurant needing 7 seats instead and there was no problem adding one more and were seated around 7:15. Staff was extremely friendly and conversed with us at the end of our meal.Upon ordering, you receive a basket of warm pita bread accompanied by a yogurt tahini dip and a tomato based dip mixed with a bunch of chopped onions. I tried my hardest not to fill up on bread and practically drooled on myself while watching my sister float in glutton heaven as she gave me a carbtastic smile. Not long after, plates of falafels, chicken shawarma, kebabs of lamb, beef, and chicken with sides of rice and hummus, were dropped in front of us. My sister finished every last bite of her chicken shawarma, which means she loved it (her having no leftovers is seen in very rare occasions). The lamb was ground meat formed into long shaped meatballs and put onto skewers before grilling and they weren't gamy or tough. The chicken kebabs were not at all dry and grilled to perfection. Falafels are fried to a perfect crisp and weren't greasy.I had one falafel and half of a pita with hummus before my chicken kebab plate arrived. By the time my kebabs arrived, I was pretty full and forced a piece of chicken and a spoon of hummus in before tapping out. Just the pita bread and hummus themselves are filling so if you eat that before your entree arrives, you will most likely have leftovers for lunch the next day. Leftovers are just as good, if not better! I stuffed the hummus and grilled chicken into the lightly toasted pita bread and enjoyed every last bite while my coworker stared wishing he could have a bite.Make sure to try this place out soon as more people are going since being aired on TV. $136 after tax and tip for seven people. We ordered one stuffed falafel, falafels (6 in each order), 2 chicken shawarmas, 2 combos, and 3 chicken kebabs.
This is our go-to spot. It's always got a steady stream of customers, but we never have to wait for a table. After several times there, we've figured out our favorite dishes. We always get the shish taouk (deliciously spiced, grilled chicken) with hummus, salad, and a side of the regular falafel. The one plate with the side is plenty for both of us and a great value. Especially with the pita and pickles, olives, and sauces they drop off at the beginning of the meal. (though the olives have been very bitter for a while now and I leave them, even though I love olives!)The service is always friendly, warm and attentive. It's one of the few places we always return to.
I was here few days ago the is is amazing the best hummus I ever eat in the USA I definitely will be back here
Awesome the best shawarma I had from years everything was delirious awesome staff and customer service will be back here for sure..
I came here for lunch with a friend. The staff was nice and friendly the food was great. My friend and I both had the Shish taouk it was delicious.
A really good spot in the Mission district. A super casual spot. Just keep in mind, that no alcohol is served here and for a Middle Eastern/Mediterrean restaurant they also do have much of a vegetarian variety. Still, the food is excellent and the prices are super reasonable. When you eat at the restaurant, you will be served warm & toasted pita, a Turkish salad, pickled radishes, olives & tahini dip-all complimentary. Eat all of this would more than fill you up, so go easy. My wife and ordered two entrees-1) -Combination Plate:     Three skewers of shish kabab, kifta kabab and shish taouk, served with grilled onion, tomato and bell pepper. Your choice of hummus or rice. We got the rice. Good price: $14.95, generous portion2) Mousakhan:     Savory Palestinian dish of oven-roasted half chicken atop freshly baked Arab flatbread with lots of sweet onions, roasted pine nuts and deep-red-sumac. Again, good price: $14.50, generous portion.With the complimentary appetizers and the 2 entrees, it would have feed four people. I recommend getting just one entree to share and perhaps ordering one or two appetizers which they call the Mediterannean Delights.
Meat is very succulent! Some of the best Lamb i've had.
3.5 starsWe hadn't seen our group of "dinner friends" for over 3 months so this was a meal long overdue.We started off with some Baba ghanoush & some Ful to share. The former was nice & flavorful but it was pretty non-descript. The latter was just absolutely delicious & not as common a dish. We then got a couple of the Stuffed falafels. These were the best falafels I have ever had. The crust was nice & crispy. The inside of the falafel had different textures thanks to the whole pine nuts & the onions.For my main course, I got the Shewarma. I couldn't tell which pieces of meat were the beef & which were the lamb. They were both really nicely flavored but they were also very dry. Hummus is one of my favorite things to eat but the one that came with my dinner was very thick & it made me feel stuffed & gross even though I had only eaten a little bit of it.The restaurant was very hot, the tables were sort of cramped, & the service was a little slow. With that said, I could eat plates of those stuffed falafels all day long.
I make great hummus.When I take hummus to a party, invariably at least three guests inquire as to "Who made this hummus?" and ask for the recipe.Once, a friend accused me of lying - intentionally leaving out an ingredient - because apparently she couldn't quite recreate my version doing what I'd told her.Granted, I am a wee bit magical.That stated, Old Jerusalem has clearly staffed their kitchen with witches.Sweet Allah this is some amazing hummus!The mind boggles.And then in said bogglement, it paws through all my Yotam Ottolenghi cookbooks and reads this bit about adding baking soda (!?) and realizes maybe that's how they're pulling off this culinary miracle, but no matter: don't invite me to your parties unless you're in the mood for guacamole. I have no need to fool with homemade hummus so long as I have Old Jerusalem Restaurant.I tend toward a "stick with a winner" approach when it comes to dining out, and although I've tried some other things - and yes, the falafel is lovely and the chicken kebabs quite nice - I keep coming back and ordering nothing but hummus.I think the waiter believes me a cheapskate and he often tries to get me to break out of my mold, but that's what he gets for working for a restaurant that clearly relies heavily on witchcraft.
I ordered lamb shawerma with hummus. I also received a side of pickled radishes, green olives, and a red pepper paste. It all tasted very good, but I thought the hummus portion was pretty small. Service was quick and very friendly. I would definitely return.
I started off with fresh mint in the black tea served. In which by the way everyone in the restaurant had. So it must have been good. Next was an assortment of olives that tasted as if they were picked fresh from someones tree. Not too salty, oily or soft, along with a side of pickled turnips. It was a great starter!You know a place is going to be good when the people who are of that nation are actually eating in the place. You know what I mean?! OJR is definitely authentic. The place was filled when we arrived but we waited for maybe 7 mins. It was also packed when we left.My main entree was lamb shish-kabob, hummus and something else..I can not remember. Anyway everything was delicious, moist, flavorful and made me want more. Be sure to try the Tahini sauce, you'll be glad you did. I will return.
We had a platter of lamb shawarma, a chicken shawarma wrap and hummus. The food was good, but it was no Hamido (middle Eastern standard).
Food wasn't outstanding to begin with, then I used the bathroom & there was a cockroach crawling on the floor. NOPE!
After reading all the great reviews, and missing Palestinian food badly, I have to say I was a little disappointed. On the plus side the hummus is by far the best I've had since I left the West Bank and the food comes out very quickly but the hospitality side of things was sorely lacking. We weren't asked at any time whether we needed anything else, water wasn't topped up and we sat for ages with empty plates and eventually had to ask for the bill because otherwise I suspect we'd have waited all night. Not a single smile from any of the three staff working, let alone any pleasantries. I couldn't even excuse that on the basis of it being busy as half the tables were empty when we dined. I experienced far more hospitality from random strangers in the WB and Gaza than in this place and I wasn't paying any of them. Other than the hummus the rest of the food was good, not great but worth the visit but I doubt I'd go back because of the unwelcoming vibe.
Everything here is amazing. You will literally eat until you are painfully full and keep eating because it is so good.
Best falafel balls!Goodness.
Had dinner here last night. The food was over the top delicious!!! I ordered the sampler platter and enjoyed every single specialty they had on it. There was so much food, I brought home my leftovers and have a full meal for tonight; cannot wait to dig in.  My 18 year old daughter wanted to try the coffee... It was a bit too much for her since she is used to Starbucks coffee (cream with a bit of coffee!); they noticed that she was not drinking it and immediately informed us that they would not charge us for it! With food this delicious and service this wonderful, we will be back!
Summary: Really good food, service is lacking.We went here on a Sunday at 12, right when they opened, and were surprised to see the restaurant already half-full. By the time we left, they were turning people away because they were so busy. We had:Falafel - excellent! Would order again.Chicken Schwarma - Overwhelming tumeric. Would not order again. Rice and hummus it was served with was really good. I don't usually like rice and I enjoyed how fluffy it was.Meat with Feta - This is just hummus and pita mixed together with lamb and pine nuts on top. The lamb was really, really good. Falafel "Sandwich" - This is truly one of the best I've had in the entire bay area and my boyfriend agrees. Kalaya - This was not good. Very watery and almost like a soup, but definitely not a soup. Do not order!Sauces - the garlic sauce and the chili sauce were both excellent. The pita was decent, as well.My boyfriend's food came out almost 10 minutes before mine. My food was not very hot, either, so I'm not sure what was going on. No one really checked on us to see how we liked the food.Update on 12/14: Went back again today and tried new dishes (above). Absolutely no one refilled our water even once.
This is my favorite Middle Eastern restaurant in SF! Staff is wonderful, food great, and good portions. The food is simple, flavorful, and relatively cheap; it reminds me of this little hole-in-the-wall Palestinian place I practically used to live at in NY. That said, my favorite part, and of course I'm biased, is that they use actual pita bread. Every place I get a sandwich in SF uses lavash, which is fine in its own right, but not what I want. Get the ful, or baba ganoush. You will not be disappointed. A sandwich and a salad/app can easily feed two, but get more and have leftovers
I came here for the kunafa. I left disappointed.Kunafa (and all its various spelling incarnations) is quite possibly my favorite dessert of all time. Soft cheese baked within thin shreds of dough soaked in a sweet syrup of honey, rose, pistachio and possibly other flavors--is there any dessert more quintessentially Middle Eastern? I love it, I love it, I love it.I was so excited to have kunafa here, at a restaurant offering cuisine from the very country that kunafa originated from. The other items were tasty, but not mindblowing: the tea with sage had a nice scent but no real sage flavor, the Kalaya was the perfect savory tomato stew but a little too runny to be enjoyed without rice and the shawarma sandwich that my friend had was probably the best item of all (crisp veggies, perfectly toasted pita, juicy meat).But the kunafa! Oh, the kunafa! First, they forgot to even make it, despite how excitedly I ordered it and the ensuing 10-min discussion about how delicious it is with our waitress. Then, why I finally reminded them about it (after waiting a polite 15 min), I watched in dismay as one of the line cooks scooped up a soggy piece of it, took it to the back to be (I assume) re-heated and served it to me warm and mushy. What on earth was this? The color was right, but the texture! The flavor! Kunafa is crisp on the outside, soft and yielding on the inside. This was soggy dough wrapped around stringy, soggy cheese, soaked in a syrup that tasted of nothing but sugar! Crestfallen, I exited the restaurant, my hopes for the perfect slice of kunafa dashed once again. :(
Love this place! The food is delicious and the atmosphere is fabulous. It feels really authentic. It's so cheap too. We shared the vegetarian combo which tasted amazing and a chicken & rice dish. The chicken was cooked to perfection. I think it's just taken my top spot in San Francisco position! Great service too.
We came from out of town mainly to get some good knafeh. The falafel was amazing but nobody could finish the knafeh. Maybe it was a bad batch but it was just oily and the taste was way off. The place was clean and the ambience was great though.
Great casual spot for Palestinian food, which from what I can tell from my limited and uneducated viewpoint, bears a lot of similarities with "Mediterranean" food. Hummus, kabobs, shawarma, lavash wraps, etc. Old Jerusalem is a really good place. You get a complimentary appetizer of fresh, warm and thick pita bread with several dips, as well as some pickled vegetables. You can seriously dent your appetite on this stuff, so watch out. I stumbled onto something so delicious the first time I came here that I have it every time since. It's called fetta with meat, and consists of grilled lamb on top of warm hummus mixed with a pieces of pita and a few other ingredients. If you like lamb, you may find this dish to be the most comforting food you have ever eaten. It's like a warm blanket that you can eat. The other dishes that my companions have had on my numerous visits looked great and I got positive reports. They even make good french fries. In short, a great place for a casual lunch or dinner in the Mission. I don't think they have any kind of liquor license (not surprising). The fact that this is not a deal breaker for me speaks to how good this restaurant is!
This was the highlight of my first day in San Fran. Exactly what I wanted = fabulous food and somewhere we could laze around as long as we needed to while we awaited pick up from friends. We were able to stow our luggage in the corner, no problem.They start you with some soft and chewy pita (a little floury for me but perfect consistency) and some seriously delicious dips. I'm not with it enough to know exactly what they are, but I swear the server/owner told us it was blended broccoli and garlic. Plus some high quality olives.We were trying to go light, but I couldn't stay away from the full-on veggie combo. Every last bit of it was delicious; the only part I didn't dig on was the ful. Which was probably good, but I don't think I'm a ful person. My hubs had the schwarma sandwich, drenched in an incredible sauce that I'd put on every meat if I had the chance.We could have been in and out if we'd wanted -- service was attentive and the food appeared quickly -- but we were allowed to stick around as long as we pleased. And our cucumber water was always refilled. Yum.
Our Israeli friend says this is THE best hummus you'll ever eat outside of Jerusalem. He was right, the hummus and babaganoush is flavorful, creamy and delicious. We ordered their lamb stew, chicken kebab plates and oh their falafel, sooo good. I'm not usually a huge fan of falafel because the falafels I've eaten in the past has been very dry. These falafels, crunchy on the outside and so soft inside. This Mediterranean resto in the Mission is a winner! And their service is really quick and efficient!
Loved it! From the owner letting us in 15 minutes before opening hours to every dish that we bit into. The server got us fresh pita, dipping sauce and what I think was onion in a sauce. It was really good so we had to stop ourselves to keep room for the meal. For our meals, we got the chicken shwerma, shish taouk with chicken and falafel. Everything was great but my fav was the falafel. Our eyes were definitely bigger than our stomach so we took our leftovers home. No waste here! Service was great as well. Would make a return visit.
Delicious hummus and shawerma and loved the ambiance! Just like in old Jerusalem city!
How did I not know about this place? It's about as good as Oren's Hummus Shop in Palo Alto. Great hummus. I think Oren's has better chicken though. The atmosphere leaves some to be desired, though it's not too bad.
meat combo and veggie combo..the falafel was nice and crunchy, it still doesn't beat the ones in San Jose or Maoz in NYC. Though the hummus was pretty creamy, I wasn't the fan of the chickpea/bean puree. The beef, lamb, and chicken was juicy, though the beef was a bit tough. The chicken was jam packing with flavor. The condiments was pretty nice, which came with pita bread (with pockets!) and beats, some kind of onion or spice sauce, and some other yogurt dip/mix. They also had a similar siriachi sauce but with more garlic and heat.The place is pretty small, so the bathroom was all the way in the back, no biggie, it was still clean for me to use. Service was good, they kept pouring water..The beef shawarma...it was ok..bit greasy for my liking, but I do like how u can choose between hummus or rice for the combo plates. The kalaya was interesting, it's almost like a stewed dish, with lots of spices. Overall not bad, would come back again if I'd like a quick fix for med/indian food mix.
We had dinner here tonight. It was very good. Old Jerusalem is a small restaurant on Mission. It has a cozy interior, and it was really warm inside on this cold rainy day. Maybe a little too warm (I run hot, so I was really warm, but I heard someone at the table next to me comment about how hot he was). We ordered: Stuffed Falafel: AMAZING (one of the best falafels I have ever had) Shish Taouk (grilled chicken skewers, onion, pepper, rice and hummus): AMAZING (will definitely order again) Shawerma: Meh. Dry, dry, dry. Wouldn't order again. Mint tea: Delish. The service was very friendly. Food was very good. Price is very reasonable. Dinner came with pita, pickled veg and olives, two sauces (a spicy red onion chutney, and an herb tahini sauce).I'd definitely come back for the Stuffed Falafel and the Shish Taouk. Would also love to try the Mousakhan and the Combination Plate (to try the shish kebab and kifta kebab). I think in the future we might share an app and one of the large plates. We'll be back!
Really like this place; food seems authentic and flavorful...especially Kalaya stew on the menu and combination plate... they have good specials at times but the board is in the back and you could miss seeing it (once I saw okra-lamb stew on the board after I had ordered from the menu already and the server probably forgot to mention it). Service is prompt and finding a table has never been an issue, plenty of space. They always accommodate request for getting both hummus and rice with the kabab plate which is cool...hummus always seems fresh and is very creamy & tasty. You also get fresh pita with awesome dips before your meal.
Tasty and authentic cuisine of East Jerusalem. Nice quaint atmosphere. Worth every penny. Try the Kunafeh, Kehva, Kefta Kebab.
This is a casual, warm, friendly neighborhood spot for good Mediterranean food. Excellent hummus, baba ghanoush, kefta, and chicken shwarma. Surprisingly good baklava. Very friendly service. Reasonably priced and just far enough from 24th Street that parking is easy.
Went on Wednesday night- 20 min wait. They take reservations however.Suggest vegetarian combo plate. Falafel is amazing and very crispy. Humus is very creamy.Small. Not a lot of seating. Would not suggest for parties greater than 6.
Clean, music, good service, interesting menu. The food was good, I thought similar to mediterranean.
I came here for lunch with the brother one day out tooling around and was totally enamored with the decor with this place. It's a throwback to a time forgotten, it's very urban mom 'n pop circa 70's. I love the feel of the place!  I also love the food! They served up a few little mezza plates with the lunch and in one of the small saucers was an amazing sauce. This sauce was in the class of "Awesomesauce" -I shit you not, very f*ing good sauce. The food we ordered was on a standard par with average, and you know that's fine because there are so many Mediterranean restaurants out there, that by the law of averages, if you're putting out an average food then that's great, really! But the ambiance, decor and great service make it an above average dining experience overall. But that Awesomesauce they served up, Holy Shit was that Good.Fisehatak!
3.5 starsThis is an inexpensive, tasty mediterranean restaurant. The service is friendly, the food was delicious and the price is great. I loved the warm pita bread and hummus. The stuffed falafel was delicious too.
In brief:- Funky interior and menu but don't let that fool you- Stuffed Falafel was great, but the regular falafel was also good on its own- Got the chicken pieces with yellow curried rice and hummus platter - totally flavorful and to die for- Get some Ful, too - different and heavy - good app- Try the mint tea as a good digestive after feeling full
This is as probably as good as it gets. If you want 4 pita bread, a plate of delicious chicken with hummus and rice, along with small plates of olives (with pits in it dont chomp too hard), pickled radishes(I think?), small bowl of tsatkai sauce, and small borlw of spicy whatever it is for $15, then this is the place for you. Seriously, this place is so good. Go with the plate and share it with your buddy unless you are really hungry then good luck on finishing everything!
We went there on weekdays. Its cozy place with great paintings on full wall complementing the ambiance. Chicken Plate was good but their Falafel were outstanding. Best falafel ever tasted. Quick tip: don't order too much coz they have complimentary pita and sauces.
Happened upon this humble, inviting restaurant as we were walking around the area and hungry. One glance at the menu and we decided to give it a try.Appetizers: ordered 1 regular falafel and 1 stuffed falafel to try; both were fried to perfection, dense and light, and the stuffing of pine nuts was a lovely addition. We also shared a chicken shawarma plate (can only do chicken or beef, not combo) which came ample sides: a full basket of warm white pita bread halves, pickled radishes and green olives, a tomato based sweet sauce (reminds me of salsa?), a green sauce, and then a generous helping of creamy beany hummus topped with a large pool of olive oil and paprika. We chose half hummus half saffron rice which was nice, and the chicken itself was very flavorful albeit not the standard Mediterranean style we were used to.Attentive service with plenty of veggie options as is standard for this type of ethnic food. A nice neighborhood find, but not worth traveling to.
My favorite restaurant! As a vegetarian I suggest the vegetarian combo . I try to eat there at least once a month. The owner and staff are extremely friendly. Love of the music that they play all day.Mike
Very good food! The place is not very big but I really don't mind as the food is delicious! We went as a group and thus could try many dishes. I don't remember exactly what we ordered but I know that I will def go back!
I almost cried when I ate there earlier today. Beautiful and friendly staff serving beautiful, delicious food. Come hungry, lots of food for what you pay for. I'm super stoked to try one of their lavash wraps. All that goodness in a flavorful pouch.
WOW!What a wonderful meal! I came here with my family after helping my sister move into her new apartment for school. And what a wonderful choice we made choosing this placeWe got seated very quickly and ordered soon after. They brought out some pita bread and some spreads to spread on it (don't remember the names). And wow was that so yummy. Soon after they brought out our appetizer, which was falafels. It was so yummy! Freshly cooked to perfection, an nicely warm. I ordered their Mousakhan, which was amazing. It was half a chicken atop some really interesting bread that I don't know the name of. But it was yellow and had a paste on it made with onions and other things. And you take the bread and some chicken and eat it. Such an amazing dish. My parents ordered a shawarma and it was so soft and tasty. My sister ordered the combo plate with chicken, lamb, and beef. This dish was probably the best. The meet was cooked to perfection, so tasty, and extremely tender. So easy to break into with a fork. To close we had some baklava and Arabic coffee. That too was really sweet and tasty. Another positive was the easy to park. We also ordered two more dishes to-go and the total was $65. Which is very reasonable when ordering 6 dishes and 1 appetizer.
Please note: 3 stars because it is pricey! I wish that the servings were smaller, so they could lower the prices. It's about $18 (including tax/tip) for shwerma, rice/hummus, and pita bread. It's a ginormous portion. Too much food and too expensive for me to frequent the restaurant. I would rather pay $12 for half the food, so I could come here more oftenThe food itself is fairly authentic and yummy!
Classic Mediterranean food, plates or sandwiches.The bread is good, and the Babaganoush fresh. Simple and authentic place. Highly recommend for your kebab/kefta/shawarma fix.
tough to find a good middle eastern place with friendly service and great food. this place is a gem in the mission. the plates are savory and hummus fresh. tea with fresh mint is a nice touch as well. def a locals spot. been here a few times and only thing wrong was the rice one time but otherwise all good!
Food "bursting with flavor"--now I understand that phrase! Everything we had was surprisingly good--each bite revealing a world of bright flavors. Truly incredible. Go.(lamb Shawarma wraps, lentil soup, Qudsiah, Kunafa)
I honestly don't understand all the five star reviews.This place was just okay.-Falafel-VERY GOOD, crunchy toasty outside, moist inside, frying oil tasted fresh...-Hummus-GOOD, smooth and delicate (mild on garlic)...**Chicken breast Kabab with tomato, onion, green pepper- HORRIBLEThis was the priciest thing we ordered and the worst. The chicken breast was dried out and the charring tasted like an uncleaned grill, which gave it a bad flavor.The tiny tomato wedge, slivered onion, and sliver of green pepper was just sad...The side rice was bland and we wished we had chosen the hummus option instead, even though we ordered hummus seperately.Service was friendly. No one asked how our food was, so I feel like I need to express my disappointment here, hoping someone will hear.So in short, Old Jerusalem, please clean your grills and don't overcook the chicken breast to death!!! Make a flavorful rice too.I will return to try a shwarma with the beef or lamb perhaps, and have falafel with hummus for sure, if I am in the area again and craving mediterrenean/middle eastern food.PS: If in the area, there is a great middle eastern grocery store a couple doors down, with lots of new, exciting things to try.
Killer falafel. Up there w Ali Baba's. They made me the best iced tea I've ever had... off menu.
I'm Israeli and somewhat of a snob when it comes to Hummus. This is by far the most authentic middle eastern restaurant within 40 miles of SF. The hummus and falafel, the two most important staple dishes in any ME restaurant are delicious. The meat (chicken and beef) skewers that I have ordered here were tasty but not as good as I had hoped. But I will not let that take away from my rating as the cook did nothing to take away from that dish. It's just that in general I find poultry and beef to be of lower quality in the States. Don't miss this place if you are a fan of middle eastern cuisine.
I had the Fetta with lamb. 100% delicious. Warm pita, delicious tahini herb something or other to dip it in, and tomato-onion spicy chutney-ish thing are complimentary. I'll be back. Maybe tomorrow. Small enough to be a little busy on a Wednesday at 8. Dine alone friendly. 1 star deduction for slow service.
Absolutely amazing! Truly feels like a piece of Palestine with their atmosphere, music, servers, cooks and the simplicity of the place. Love their starters (Toasted Pita/Tahini Dip/Turkish Salad/Olives/Pickled Radishs)You should try getting Foul (beans), Hummus, Beid o Batata (Eggs&potatos/Hash) and Stuffed Falafels (stuffed with Pine nuts/onions/lentils) and the Arabic salad ; you're set for LunchYou can also get either of their shawerma dishes with rice, that'll be great for dinner. Feel free to try their lamb and beef (for occasional red meat treats) , again with rice & salad, and I assure you that you'll be more than satisfied. Don't forget to grab a piece of Kenafa for dessert. Top it off with arabic tea (has caffiene) and you're ready for a movie/walk/nap :)
Walking the seedy lengths of Mission Street in the international waters between the Mission and Bernal you'll find a few black town cars parked along the southbound street. When you approach the sharp dressed, slicked hair drivers smoking by their cars, look right, you'll have found Old Jerusalem. Shawerma. That's why you are here. Keep that objective in mind. I did not stray towards a little bit of hummus or the ful (an Egyptian dish of stewed fava beans) or falafel. Stay on track. It will come in a tight roll of aluminium foil-served with pickled turnips & olives on the side. Ok. Get some fries too. Bring some friends and you can start to sample all the other stuff and still eat your sandwich. Somehow, I forgot to get an arabic coffee...probably I was distracted by my halal shawerma.
Simply said, Old Jersualem's is fantastic!! I'm not an easy critic when it comes to Middle Eastern food, originally from NY and having spent time in Egypt; I've yet to have a meal that wasn't wonderful. The Chick shawarma consistently has the most soft and supple marinated chicken. I've had in SF. Their hummus is perfect; smooth and creamy. When getting take-out they typically turn a meal around in 15 minutes and stand by their timing estimates, they're very respectful on their customer's time. Highly recommend!
Small cosy restaurant in the Mission, great for a casual night out. Good services and reasonable prices. This is easily the best Middle Eastern I've found since moving to the Bay Area. The dining room is small but popular making service fast and efficient. The food choices are great for those with food restrictions - many vegan, low carb, gluten free and dairy free options. The hummus is amazing - get it as a side or topped with hot meat. The spices on the kifta are perfect. To taste a range of the foods get a Combination Plate (Vege combo also available).
The seating area is good compared to other places close by. The food was also good. We got a mixed platter and a chicken plate. Both were good. The gave complimentary olives, bread and olive oil which was really nice.
awesome
What an absolute gem. Cozy interior, incredibly caring owners/servers, and fabulous food. The hummus is a perfect texture and the veggie plate can't be beat. My friend had the chicken shwarma and loved it! We have left overs for at least another meal.Thanks for such a great experience!
I am here again, just to recommend you this restaurant, I have never tried this kind of food before, but this is my fourth time in less than 3 months, because I really like it, I can say it is something different. You will find variety in plates then you can pick up depending of your preferences, but you can ask what you should eat and the guys are willing to help you out right away; I can say it is fast services, you do not have to wait for long time to be serviced and the billing time is good as well. Let me tell you this restaurant sometimes is full of people, which mean they have a really good food. Sorry I am a food lover.
This place is pretty good for a casual lunch. It has generous portions, reasonable prices, and each item on the menu is accompanied by a fairly accurate picture. They have complimentary tapas-style dishes (2 different kinds of olives, some yogurt sauce, and a spicier tomato based sauce). This comes with really good freshly made flatbread. We ordered a sandwich and a fava bean hummus. This was enough food to feed at least 3 or 4 hungry people. The sandwich (really just a standard felafel wrap) was delicious, but the hummus was just OK (there's a lot of it, and the taste gets old).We also ordered a Turkish coffee at the end, and it was great. Not at all bitter.The wall paintings are beautiful and the staff is very friendly.
I will be brief yet honest. We came in and were told there is a 5-8 mon wait. We waited gladly, I wanted to try the food due to such high ratings. After being called to be seated, they move us to another table min after being seated. Then there was chaos and confusion and we were asked to move again to another table. After playing musical chairs, we were a tad irritated and hungry. The space is small and they are disorganized. The food however was great (had the veggie combo)!!
Busy place, plan for parking. Cozy interior. Service was quick. Food was delicious - had the stuffed falafel, kifta kabab & meat fetta. Will be back.
Old Jerusalem is one of my favorite spots in the mission. The best dish here is the chicken shawarma. It is salty and delicious, just like I like it. They are willing to do salad or vegetables instead of rice. The hummus is really good, and the portions are huge!The other dishes I've had are okay, but this is the standout for me. The food is always very fresh.They are generous with the appetizers, and usually give you pita, a really amazing parsley and yogurt dip, a spicy onion dip and olives and some pink pickled vegetable whose name escapes me now (not beets). I don't really care for any of that stuff except the parsley dip, which we always ask for more of. The mint tea is also very lovely and refreshing.I am sadly no longer eating potatoes, but for those who are, the french fries here are top notch. The hummus and salads are good too, but the desserts here never impressed me.The service is usually good, once they take your order. My only complaints about this place is that there are often several men seated smoking right outside the door, and you can smell it even inside the restaurant. This is a small place that doesn't really take reservations, so you sometimes have to fight for a table. The closer to the door, the higher the chance of inhaling smoke, but closer to the kitchen and you are likely to get bumped by servers coming from the kitchen.Still worth the trip, which we make a couple times a year. Delicious!
Looking for new places to try I found Old Jerusalem while browsing this list... 7x7.com/the-big-veg Called ahead to place my order for the Falafel Wrap. The restaurant is kinda old looking on the inside but I didn't get a close look since I didn't dine in. I came here for a new falafel experience and that's exactly what I got. Their wrap tastes unlike any other I've tried before. Most falafel wraps taste generally the same since the ingredients don't change much. falafel, hummus, tahini, hot sauce, maybe some eggplant or tabouli if you're fancy. Wrap it up, done! Like veggie burritos, the difference is in the preperation. It most closely tastes like Goood Frikin' Chicken's if I had to compare it to something. The flavor combo is intense with this one. The falafel itself is heavily spiced while the other flavors from the tahini and hummus mellow it out. There was a hint of hot sauce but you know what they say, "if some is good, more is better". At least that's my motto. If you had to eat a falafel wrap everyday for the rest of your life, you could do much worse than choosing this one. I gotta come back to try the stuffed falafel soon!
We came to Old Jerusalem for my 30th birthday dinner. We wanted to keep the price reasonable, and we did. The food was very good. My only hesitation with this place is the lack of veggies and the tremendous use of oil. This is NOT healthy food. It is absolutely delicious if you're in the market for some fairly greasy, delicious meats, pita bread, etc. Also, they're really nice in there. Abraham is great.
Good quantity and Tasty food
(+): great food, good appetizers. that onion and tomato sauce is KILLER, how do they make that?!(-): personally don't like the pickled radish they give you. restaurant's a little pricier and the portions can be really big. (0): best arabic food in the mission, possibly in san francisco
This place rules. All around. Great service, great food and great prices. Defiantly one of my favorite old school places left in the mission.
Amazingly good! I crave Old Jerusalem on a regular basis; their falafel is perfection. It's fairly light, not greasy, and the sandwich is delicious -- it has just the right amount of falafel wrapped in paper-thin lavash. The complimentary tahini dip they offer as a an appetizer is so good, I wish it could be ordered on its own (I prefer it to the hummus, actually). Everything is inexpensive and it's usually ready in less than ten minutes. I've always visited at off-peak times, so I have never had a problem getting a table, but from stopping by for takeout, I know the dining area gets really crowded during dinner hours. The atmosphere is casual and the staff is friendly and accommodating -- and I really like looking at the murals. Highly recommended if you love middle eastern fare!
Excellent food? Yes - especially the lamb shawarma! Very moist and juicy.Great value? Yes - we got out of there with dinner for less than $30!Super-cute waitress? Hell yeah and she complimented me on my Iron Maiden shirt too!Alcohol? No, sadly. But I respect why they don't have it.
Fresh, healthy, delicious and one of the warmest, most friendly restaurant owners we've ever met. The kabobs and hummus were fabulous. We loved the chicken shwarma (sp) was wonderful too. We will be back!
Very good food , my favorite meal is the fetta with meat , warm hummus mixed with pita, topped off with savory lamb meat just fantastic , very authentic food nothing on the menu ever disapoints.Its gets busy around dinner time , the line is usually out the door but the wait is usually 10-15 minutes buts its worth it everytime.Owners are pretty cool and the service is quick and great, everyone is nice , and the place is small but cozy great eat and a great find..
When it comes to traditional middestreen food HERE IS THE SPOTS. ...great food cozy spot the arabic coffee and konafah were delicious
LOVE this place. Their chicken shawerma is fantastic, they serve it with a nice plate of olives and pickled radishes...my only complaint is that sometimes I want to go by on Mondays, and am disappointed when they aren't open!
The real deal. I had masbacha, ful and falafel. Best humus I've had in the Bay. Among the best I've had ever. The falafel was perfect.
The "Old Jerusalem" Predicament: Always a table available:  +2 starsSlow service/management: -1 starAmazing hummus: +4 starsDry meat: -1 starParents getting food poisoning from meat: -1 starI have been here multiple times but honestly if it weren't for the hummus, I would never come here. So if you solely want hummus, this is a great place, serving really creamy hummus and warm pita bread that will knock your socks off.I've eaten here multiple times and the hummus definitely compares to my mother's!Skip the kebabs, try the hummus! As my mother would say, "Sahtain!"
Short, sweet, and to the point!Service is wonderful! The wait staff is extreme nice, they offered us tea while we waited!The restaurant is very small, not very good for a big group! Hence, be prepare to wait during the busy dinner hours!Food: Delicious! The hummus was fresh and very creamy! I ordered the combination plate because I wanted to try everything. Everything met my expectations! I could not stop eating even though I was full!
really tasty friendly family owned place. the meat with feta was superb. Lentil soup was great.
Came here after watching the review on Check please. And it was great! We ordered the shish taouk and chicken shwarma plates - good size portions, meat was well cooked and flavorful, yummy hummus. Also their pitta bread deserves a mention - so moreish! Also, note that if you come after 9.30pm they only do take aways.
This place is amazing! I always come here with my coworkers for our Friday lunch and they are always able to accomodate us. Their service is always spot on and they provide recommendations when ordering. Portions are always big enough so you have leftovers to take home for a second lunch/dinner. I love getting the regular shwerma plate with half rice and half hummus. So delicious!
Came here with a friend for a dinner - food had unique flavors, but they were mild flavors. service could have been better.Qudsiah: Ful and hummus mixed together with garlic, lemon juice, pepper and olive oil.- pita bread was a little dry- very beany and filling- could taste each ingredient distinctly- they went overboard with the olive oil, there was a sea of olive oil sitting on topCombination Plate: kabab served with grilled onion, tomato and bell pepper.  - lamb was gamey, dry, could barely finish 4 bites- chicken breast was moister than most places, considering it was grilled in kebab form- rice was not too dry either, suprising for a long grainService:- was dying of thirst, i was half way into my meal with no water for 15 minutes... my friend had to flag her down to get some water- waited for the bill for around 10 minutes, but in her defense, i would say it was a busy night and she had to handle more than 5 tables...- had better service later with the male server/owner- they were nice enough to let us sit there and talk! Overall, the food was not too impressive and gets old quick, we could barely finish 1 entree and 1 appetizer shared amongst 2 people
seriously, this is one good falafel. i have had falafel literally within the walls of old jerusalem, and the ones here are just as good, if not better. i dunno how they do it, but the exterior is crisp and almost flaky, as opposed to just crunchy.my husband and i shared the veg plate and a lentil soup, which was the perfect amount of food. he did also get a baklava at the end, which rounded out the meal.service here is very friendly as well!
Delicious, authentic Palestinian food. The only unauthentic things I noticed were the spicing on the chicken shawarma (was that curry?) and the huge amount of butter used on the msakhan. But I'm not complaining about either of those things since they were both awesome.The only issue with this place is that it's more expensive than Middle Eastern restaurants elsewhere in the country. But in SF, they're the best game in town. So I'll pay a premium!
This place is really delicious. The lentil soup is a nice treat on those cold SF nights. The pita bread always nice and warm. The chicken and lamb plates are the bomb.... What are you waiting for? Go try some Old Jerusalem treats. The only suggestion: Delivery. I do pick up @ least once a week, and like me lots of friends do the same.
Could not pick out a more solid falafel stop than this - really authentic (or my perception of it anyway) with great hummus and pita bread too. Their falafel is crispy, fillings delicious, and service very friendly and quick. Their wraps are big too, so for a standard price you get what could easily be two meals. Can't speak for the meats since I'm a falafel nut, but have heard dining companions compliment it and if it's anything like what I've tried of this place, it would be delicious!
My roommates and I were too lazy to cook on a Sunday night so after some deliberation we all decided on Mediterranean food. Handy dandy Yelp app led us to Old Jerusalem Restaurant. I decided to go with the lamb shish kebab since I love lamb and it didn't dissapoint+ lamb was spiced beautifully+ hummus tasted really authentic and delicious+ complimentary pita bread was super soft BUT- although I really enjoyed the lamb, it was a bit dryOur waitress was great but we did have a little problem towards the end of our meal. A homeless dude decided to walk in and since we were sitting right by the door he came to our table. He started asking for food but as poor college students, we told said no...repeatedly...but he kept being weird so we gave him some complimentary pita bread. He was bothering us for at least a few minutes before our waitress nicely asked him to leave but we were all thinking " where the hell is the owner or manager?" Other than that small incident our experience here was spectacular.
First time i came here was for the kunafa (dessert) only, being of palestenien origin, i have had my share of good and not so good kunafa. On a 1-10 scale, i would put their kunafa on 7.5 mark, although it was probably prepared in house they probably do not move huge volumes of it and therefore the turnaround time was reflected in taste. It needed a little more syrup.Their hummus is really good, a must try, lamb shish kabobs are very good, i highly recommend them. The service was spot on, very friendly and welcoming.Pros: good quality ingredients, the strive on authenticity.Cons: crammed dining area.
The shawerma quest continues...and I'm happy to report that Old Jerusalem is a worthy contender. The kitchen is in the back, so I didn't see the vertical spit, but I'm pretty sure that they have one back there. * Shawerma platter ($12.95): A generous plate of deliciousness. The thin pieces of shawerma seemed freshly shaved. Some pieces were a little dry but the seasonings were spot on and the two sauces were finger licking good. One was a spicy tomato based sauce and the other was a garlicky smooth, creamy hummus. The pita was fluffy, thick and warm. Even the rice was tasty.The restaurant has a cozy feel, the scent of grilled meat, a painted mural of Jerusalem and Middle Eastern music. The menu includes falafel, kebabs, salad, fata, lentil soup, warbat and kunafa.
I went here w/ a friend on June 9th.-15. We were looking forward to trying this place. We had heard all the RAVE reviews about it. Well, 1.) The Lamb Kabob--So tough I had to request a SHARP knife from the kitchen to cut it. I thought, maybe, if I cut it into thin slices it may help w/ the texture. DRY. STILL tough. AND--not really flavorful. I couldn't detect any garlic/sumac/etc.  2.) The FEW pieces of vegetables-1/8th. of a tomato, 1/8th. of a green bell pepper--1/8th. of an onion--All DELICIOUSLY grilled. (Thank Goodness!!) But, not enough. 3.) The Pita Bread-I assumed it was pre-packaged/store bought because it was hard around the edges and sort of dry.  4.) The Hummus-It was a really strained version of hummus. NOT the deep yellow yumminess I'm used to! (Where's the garlic?? Lemon?) The "sumac" must have been old because it was not pungent/tasty as it usually is when I had it at other places. 5.) The Service: Warm and accommodating. Can't find fault there. They were patient and caring w/o being over baring. Oh, well. I'm SO sad, REALLY, to have to give this review in light of the fact they were SO friendly. Sorry, guys.
I don't really get excited for Mediterranean food, maybe because I eat too much hummus during the week. But Old Jerusalem totally changed my mind and now I can't wait for the next time I'm in Mission so I can't git me some mo'!It's the only restaurant where I've received warm pita bread before the meal. The cold sauces are so flavorful and delicious I put it in everything. Normally I stay away from homemade sauces at restaurants because they're always crusty, unsanitary and generally unappealing. Falafel was right on and more oblong than round, which had a nice crust to inside ratio.The flavors in the rice is subtle but it works and the meat is seasoned well. Even the yellow lentil soup was a game changer in lentil soups for me. I really want the recipe.Definitely as good as it gets.
the best middle eastern restaurant out there. the prices are great same as the service; this is family owner place and it shows! i believe this place is owned by a lovely Palestinian family, they are extremely nice and really treat there customer well. the food is out of this world!! i have taken every person who i consider close to me, because this is my hidden gem in SF. after spending some time in Cairo, and although this isn't typical Masri fare, this place has on point everything!love the pickled beets and green olives. the pita is plentiful, fresh and warm. here's what to get:fetta with meatfalafel (for those veggies, or even non-veggie folks)combo plate with rice (RICE IS BUTTERY AND FRAGRANT SO AMAZING!)you won't spend more than 10 buck per person here, everyone will be stupidly full and pleased! this place is family style, which i love as well.
the place is really a whole in a wall, but some of the best food joints are. The staff is friendly and and very helpful. As for the food, it's actually very good. there are lots of middle-eastern food places in the mission district, and you can a falafel wrap almost any where from 16th all the way to 30th st. however, this place does it right. It's seldom that you find a good falafel that's not over good (aka burned), or too oily. They also have pretty good shawarma's. bottom line, good food at a reasonable price. my fav. formula.
NOT a 4 star venue! WTF? Ahhh, OK, I read over the reviews and it seems like people who have been here are comparing it to fast food joints. Sure, compared to your average fast food joint, this place rocks. BUT, overall, this is not a 4 star experience. The dips are excessively oily, their falafels are hard like a rock and not a stranger to the deep fryer. Although I don't eat meat at nonorganic places, I sampled a friend's lamb (she hated it) and it was *so* tough I couldn't even get my fork into it without a struggle!Out of everything that I sampled, the only good thing was the fried cauliflower, which obviously isn't a meal itself.Sooooo:a- If you've been around the block and know good food: Avoid this spotb- If you're just weaning off Mc D's and Applebee's and don't want to overwhelm your palate just yet, you would LOVE this place!Holy crap, am I turning into a Yelp snob or something?
I found Old Jerusalem to be disappointing in everything other than the falafel and the Israeli/Palestinian style pickles, which were both quite good.The hummus, which I normally really love, was bland and completely missing the tanginess I always associate with the dish. I'm usually one to clean my plate, but this time I couldn't bring myself to eat more a spoonful or two. The baba ganouj was more of the same and the chicken shwarma was dry and just plain unappetizing. Given the great reviews on yelp, I think I was expecting more. A lot more...the food here has quite a bit of room for improvement.
I'm doing it! Yes I AM! I almost NEVER Do this! 5 STARS!!!!!! WOOOHOOO, haven't given that in a long time!When I start dreaming about how good something is, that's when they deserve 5 solid stars! I want some of that juicy roasted chicken with that so good cinnamon savory sweet flatbread, so good! I want now. The waiter was super nice and saw me drooling over a dessert with custard in the middle, my friend wanted the Baklava instead so we ordered that, it was SOO yummy!...Surprise! the waiter brought me the custard thing too, oh so nice of him and it was super yummy (I hope he got the nice tip we left him, a girl took over and he was gone. If you didn't get it buddy girl has your nice tip.) I always get the vegetarian platter also, everything is yummy on that plate except for one thing the brown stuff, it's just ok. And I love the free sides of olives and fresh warm pita bread mmm mmm good!Can someone bring me some right now please :)
Limited selection for vegetarians, falafels, hummus, saffron rice and the lentil soup. That's about it. But they are all very good and I would go back for more in a heart beat.Also recommend the turkish coffee and the desserts.
I went here with my family for lunch on a quiet sunday afternoon. It was evident that business was kind of slow since there were only two tables occupied. The hostess was really nice and accomodating since she allowed us to tweak their menu by mixing and matching the items that we like. We had the Mousakhan which was absolutely delicious. I personally wished that the chicken was a tad bit bigger, but what we had on the plate will do. Also, the flatbread that came with it was to die for. We asked for more bread since we can't get enough of it. The beef and lamb shawarma was a bit dry but was still ok. Their salad was fresh and amazing. Overall, we had a good experience. Even my very picky dad commented that he liked everything we ordered. The murals on the wall was also nice to look at.
Stopped in here for lunch on Sunday. Me and my boyfriend thought it was very good food and affordable price! The pita's are amazing and all the relish's and sauces have that home made authentic taste. The falafel was good and the baba ganoush was wonderful. As many have stated, you can tell this is a mom and pop restaurant and they take pride in the appearance of the place and the food they serve.  We walked out happy and stuffed, and our total bill was under $20.
This is one of my favorite restaurants in the City.The food is delicious, service is great (friendly waiters) and prices are very reasonable.I love the little appetizers they give you (olives, pickled beets, pita bread and a couple of different sauces). Their meat is juicy and tender and their hummus is out of this world! This is kind of a hole in the wall (exactly how I like it) so don't expect anything fancy.I came in twice this weekend and will no doubt be back soon!
This is one of my favorite places for Mediterranean food in the city. They serve up generous portions of very tasty food for a reasonable cost. The atmosphere is nice...small intimate place with character. Their egg and meat and potato and egg combination dishes are unique and tasty. Hummus is good, the meat is about as tasty as any other Mediterranean place in the city. I prefer the Kebabs for meat and rice plates to the wraps. All-in-all, a dependable place with very good food and certainly worth the stop if you're near this part of the city
Absolutely delicious! Seriously! The food and service was excellent, the only reason I'm not giving it five stars is because I was confused about having to get up to pay when I didn't come for take out. (Like if I sit down to eat it's not going to take that much to take the bill from me.) Idk, maybe that's my fault for not expecting it. But really, 4.5 stars. Wonderful place, definitely recommend.
Been here several times, nothing ever disappoints, but if you come you must try their lentil soup, to die for!Veggie combo comes loaded with food all decent, their meat combo's are flavorful, juicy and nicely portioned. My fave dishes are their wraps which are ADDICTING and of course their lentil soup.Check it out yo!
Again!!! the food is excellent, I had lentil soup and Meat with eggs, Desert Kanafa, if you are looking for fresh food, tasty and flavored that is the right place to go. 5 stars for service too, thumbs up to the owner and his team, Bravo!!!
Really solid Middle Eastern spot in the Mission. One plate is enough to feed two. And, all of it is really tasty and high quality. Hummus is just like Israeli - SOOOOPER creamy. Really nice waitress too.
Lots of good quality Mediterranean food for a very reasonable price! Good service too. I highly recommend the lentil soup, babaganoush, and hummus! I am vegan and they were very accommodating. 5 stars!
The food is really flavorful and the staff is friendly - perfect combo.
Great food and friendly service! Will go back again!
This place is so good! It's in another league from any other Mediterranean restaurant I've ever been to. Hummus and pita are amazing, meats are amazing, felafel is the fluffy and light. My friends liked it as much as I did. Service is friendly too. Just go.
A charming restaurant with nice murals and friendly staff. I'm a fan of their falafel and their chicken shish kabob. Their hummus is the best I've ever had. The food is excellent, and the only thing missing is a home delivery method (although parking is often available along Mission Street for pick up's). I was looking for them on Waiters on Wheels or Yelp delivery - that would be nice!
Simply put: Never going to another Middle Eastern restaurant - Old Jerusalem wins our hearts... and stomachs.
Classic, Amazing Mediterranean food! I have always loved kebabs & shawarmas and I have been here a couple of times - the food has been always great :) The service was great, not snubby at all. I love the feel of Old Jerusalem, the food jives with the place itself.Will def come back over & over :)
Based on my experiences, I think that Old Jerusalem has the best (and biggest) chicken shawerma wraps. The chicken is well seasoned, tahini is to die for, and their hot sauce is pretty phenomenal. I've dined in and have ordered take out from this place and the service is pretty good. There's only one guy who I don't care for who reminds me a lot of Frankenstein. He's not nearly as friendly and once blamed me for getting an order wrong.
The sign above the door may say "foul", but I found the food here quite pleasant! I really liked all the veggie options (falafel, dips, pita) though the shawerma was just ok. No alcohol is served so it might not be the best place for a large dinner out with friends on the weekend, but perfect for a quick, informal meal with a few buds on a school night.Pita: I don't think they are baked in house because they aren't out of the oven fresh, but the supplier must be good because they are still fluffy (as opposed to that pita-shaped cardboard you get around town) and reheated before arriving at your table.Qudsiah: Why choose between hummus and ful when you can have them both? A tasty starter plate to share, but be warned, this legume paste is filling! It was warm, which is nice because I really hate when I get Middle Eastern dips that are refrigerator cold (though I haven't found any place in SF that grinds hummus fresh to order). The green sauce on top was nice, perhaps some sort of pepper and parsley mix.Hummus: Super smooth, like it was whipped with Greek Yogurt, but it wasn't since that's not on the menu description. No clue how they could get it so light and fluffy, much better than the peanut butter dense options elsewhere.Falafel: Possibly the best falafel ever! Stuffed with pine nuts and sumac for a nice surprise inside. Crispy exterior but mushy inside like it should be. Probably my favorite item!Shawerma Sandwich: The meat itself was of very high quality. Unfortunately, probably due to volume, they heat the meat up on the stove (a personal pet peeve of mine) as opposed to letting it sear on the spit. The wrap is pretty veggie intensive, which I'm not necessarily against, but their refrigerator temperature tends to cool down the wrap by the time it reaches your table. Hearty for sure, I had leftovers.
This is one of my favorite spots in the whole city. Old Jerusalem is the only restaurant that I've been to in all of SF that I have approved of their falafel. Their hummus and meats are amazing. The price is right and they keep you loaded up on pita, sauces, and olives. The service is typically quick and always friendly.
Fantastic Middle Eastern food in a cozy restaurant setting. The dishes are bursting with flavor. They use spices I've never tasted before that were an explosion of flavor in my mouth. I'd give this place 5 stars but minus 1 for no alcohol service.
Being raised in the middle east (Beirut, Lebanon) and growing up with good Arabic food, I've got to say this is as close to the real deal as you're going to get. I will admit I would add more garlic, oil and lemon to their hummus, but for the price and presentation, it's not bad at all.
We came here because of favorable reviews on Check Please Bay Area and Yelp. We left wondering, what's the big deal? The food is barely average. The prices are high for the food that you get. Everything is about a third over priced. And they nickel and dime you. They charged $1.50 for an extra sauce that was originally free, but don't tell you until the end. We won't be back.
Ohmygoodness my belly is bulging. Friendly staff, easy to get to, and oh so wonderful food. I decided to store some in my mustache for later :)
Great Mediterranean food, good service, very decent prices. Good hummus and excellent falafel. Closest one in taste to what you'd get in Israel.Note: they do not accept AmEx.
Barely 3 Stars OJ for these reasons 1) poor service / they took forever to bring a diet coke2) the lentil soup (that was delicious) was served cold 3) low quality meat - the chicken was good tho - rice was cold too :(4) we ordered an tahini salad and was so unpleasant :( 5) the baclava was unbreakable, so I had a bite and almost lost a tooth, it was a hard rock. Worst baclava ever had- We were super nice all night and didn't say anything about their fails but we had to tell them about the baclava. They were kind of in denial, its ok, whatever it was just not what we expected after reading the Yelp reviews. I'm def not going back/ if its about Asian food, there is no way to wrong with Lavash in the sunset - hell yeah for kebob paradise :)
I like it. I got the combination plate, with half hummus and rice. Felt like I got to try most of what they offer on there. The meats were all pretty good - the chicken was my favorite. The hummus that everyone mentions is, yes, pretty good. It's sort of thicker and that might be weird to some people, but I liked it quite a bit. I mean, I'm no hummus connoisseur but just put it on the pita bread and you'll be fine.  You also get these other two sauces at the beginning of the meal. One of them is sort of hummus-like, and the other is spicier. My buddy described the spicy one as "ketchup with onions," but it tastes better than that, I promise. It was also a pretty good portion - I'm actually eating the leftovers as I type this. Multitasking.The only bad thing I can think of is that it's pretty deep out there. If you don't live in the Mission, prepare to make a journey down to this place.
This is a great restaurant if you're having the urge to get some Arabic food. Me and 2 friends of mine dropped by here yesterday and one of my friends suggested this restaurant to me way back and at this day we were in the neighborhood so we decided to drop by. Their menu is simple: About 50 Items are on the Menu and that's about it but most are good. I had the Shawarma sandwich which is about 14 inches long and filled with freshly cooked and combined with beef and it was so good! I only ate 1/4 of the sandwich because it's too big and tasty and it quickly filled me because I'm really not a big anymore and I save the rest for that night's dinner (Yeah it was that big of a sandwich!) My other 2 friends got the combination plates + we also had a plate of Baba Ghanoush with freshly baked pita bread that just got out of the oven...OH SO GOOD!!! :) We had a great time dining here and I will be back here and I will let you on what else I might find. A Highly recommended place if you happen to be in the Mission district in San Francisco.....
Everything you want in a great middle eastern restaurant, and nothing you don't: Clean, cute an cozy - check. Fresh, delicious, traditional middle eastern dishes - check. Friendly owner - check. Off-the-beaten path and away from the downtown douchebag fest - check. Reasonable prices - check. Cool, unique decore - check. I like most middle eastern restaurants in SF, but what makes this stand out is the fact that it doesn't have that run down look, like many others do. It looks new and very clean, while maintaining traditional look and feel.
The food was good, but it surprised me they charged us $14.95 for veg combo. The menu listed as $13.95. Need to fix their menu.
Amazing food we had the shawerma and felafel. great selection. I have been there a few times. I like the deserts specially the Kunafa.
Halal Meat is served here, based on sign on window and Owners are Muslim. Stopped in here for lunch recently. Had the Fetta with Meat (lamb) and Mint Tea. Its a good size serving and the plate comes with Pita bread (warm) as well as some dips and pickled turnips and olives. The food was pretty good, but the Fetta was heavier than what I was expecting. The interior decor of the place is very nice and clean. Not too much seating inside, but still comfortable. The prices were reasonable, although a little toward the high side. Service was fast and friendly.
Thank god the food here is so good because the service can be lousy. Not all the time . Anyways, this spot serves some serious good tasting dishes and falafels. They really know how to cook.
I came here for lunch with a coworker and had a great meal. I ordered the vegetarian plate, which was extremely generously sized (but I still managed to eat it all....) I also sampled my coworker's fetta with lamb, which was also delicious. Service was quick and friendly. After your meal, it's fun to walk into the nearby grocery store for some imported KitKats and other candy bars.
Confession time: the boy and I were actually headed to another Middle Eastern restaurant and after driving around looking for parking for quite some time we gave up and spotted Old Jerusalem. Parking right in front we made a beeline for the place and were seated right away. The decor was bright and cheery inside-unlike the outdated sign out front-and the illustrations of Jerusalem on the walls was a welcome touch.The friendly wait staff had a lovely demeanor with a ready smile and the food was even better.As other reviewers have mentioned, the sauces and bread were delicious, flavorful and mouthgasmic. I couldn't wait for what was to come.The boy had a sausage-like dish with creamy hummus that was fresh and tasty.The meat had cinnamon and I think a hint of clove which I usually detest in savory dishes but in this dish, it worked. The cinnamon had some heat that added to it.My dish was the lamb shish kebab spiced to perfection with a subtlely spiced yellow rice. Yum! I can't wait to go back!
I really want to like this place. I've been there a few times and in fact, the food is middling at best and it is often served cold without the appearance of freshness. I am mildly perplexed at friends who say they really dig it. Really? Ali Baba's Cave and the other place on 16th have way better falafel. Haven't had the schwarma here but I did order another meat platter and it was bland and overall meh.Kinda cute as a date spot and the service was just fine but really, you could do better for your money in this neighborhood.
Pros:Chicken, lamb and kefta kebabs were all moist and well seasoned.Rice was moist and fluffy.Baklava was fresh, flavorful and phyllo was flaky and crispy.Olives and pickled turnips were good.Service was prompt, attentive and friendly.Cons:Hummus was *very* thick, bland, dry, and had a pasty consistency.Pita was soft, but bland.
Loved it! I've seen the Old Jerusalem Restaurant in the Mission for forever and didn't try it until tonight. A great meal for a very reasonable price. Their hummus is perfect and I loved their shish kabob combo plate. I will return!
I went to this restaurant for the first time two years ago and always thought it was "New Jerusalem." So, sorry to everyone who went to New Jerusalem (in another neighborhood) when I recommended it!On to the review: I loved it then and I still love it. They bring out some pita, a parsley-tahini sauce blend, an oniony-salsa blend, and olives/beets to start. The parsley-tahini sauce is WONDERFUL. My boyfriend and I split the hummus with schwarma (sp?) and the combo (beef sausage thingy, chicken, and lamb). The chicken is great, the lamb is better than most (since I don't like lamb), but I could do without the beef sausage - a little too greasy and funny tasting to me. Agree with Saktii M. "best hummus in the city!" (although I admit, I haven't tried it from many other places). Oh, and the rice is great too. I'll definitely be back.
A friendly med place in the middle of no-mans land. Mohammad who was the only waiter (and I think, the proprietor) was really nice, recognized my brother (a frequent patron) and introduced himself to me warmly. Some of the clientele appeared to be of Middle Eastern origin, which I took as a sign of authenticity of the food (I admittedly am a novice hummus connoisseur). I ordered their combination platter which included shish kabab, kifta, shish taouk and shawerma. The shish kabab and kifta were my favorites, I also enjoyed the warm pitas and creamy hummus. Definitely a neighborhood gem for those nearby.
Authentic, tasty food. You know you are in a legit place, when the owner is greeting people that he knows all over the restaurant. Most people were speaking Lebanese (i think). It was good and quick and cheap and not trying to be anything else. Place is small and a locals type of place.
This is my first time eating Mediterranean food and I was very impressed. Everything was so fresh, flavorful, and delicious. I ordered the Vegetarian plate and hubby got the Shawarma. The falafel and hummus with pita bread were my favorites. We devoured it all and was completely satisfied. Definitely a new favorite place of ours...
Walked in this weekend. The food took a little while but the Falafel was being cooked fresh so it makes sense. I had hummus misabicha which was pretty good and the service was great. I dont know where else in the city you can get knafie, I was too full after my meals I will 100% make it back!
The chicken shwarma plate here is amazing. I suggest getting half rice half hummus
This place was recommended by a friend when I was asking about falafels. Yum, they do have one of the best in the city. Everything was good but they have a very limited vegetarian menu. Everything had loads of meat in it. My BF and I are trying to cut back on meat but that didn't happen this night.What we didn't finish was enough for another meal the next day. YUM!
I like this restaurant! The food is really good, and I like that it's not this snobby place that makes you feel like you don't belong there. It's not a place that takes its unique presence and elevates it into an exotic and expensive restaurant, which I've seen in the citty, and I personally feel alienated in those types of restaurants. Depending on your servers, you can get very slow service. My biggest complaint is that they should serve everyone their food and/or drink at the same time. Not serve one person, and then 10 mins later serve the rest of the people at the same table. BUT, i've been to this restaurant on days where the waiters were on point with everything, and very kind and gracious when it comes to explaining the different items in the menu. This has been my third time to this restaurant, and I enjoy ordering new things because the food is so good. They also have a range of prices $7-$14, and I really like that as well, because I really hate spending too much at a restaurant. Finally, I like the atmosphere of this place. I notice that there are a lot of middle eastern people who come here, and I really like that! The food, the music, and the people make you feel like your in another country! I highly recommend!
Full even at 8:30pm on a weekday - we ended up taking our order to go and devouring a lot of it in the car even before we got home. Friendly and fast service.Shawerma wrap/sandwich thing was good and HUGE. The meat was somewhat less flavorful and more tough than I'm used to, though. Vegetarian combo contained some of the best hummus ever. Kunafa was an interesting sweet cheese dessert, definitely worth a try.I think now we have to go back sometime and try to get a table.
Cool place to hang out with coffee, hookah, and nice Mediterranean snacks. Sometimes they reserve the whole place for a private party, so check ahead.
Came here with a friend on a windy late October Sunday evening. We were looking for some Mediterranean/Middle Eastern food and this restaurant showed up on yelp. Although it is listed in those categories, I wasn't sure what to expect of the type of food. From its name, I was expecting the food to be more like Jewish food (which I don't claim to have much knowledge about anyway). Turns out I was wrong - it's pretty much regular Mediterranean fare as far as the menu goes.The ambiance isn't anything fancy, but it isn't a hole-in-the-wall either. They served a pretty big appetizer plate with 8 pitas, tahini, olives, radish and a delicious red sauce. I ordered the Shish Taouk plate, which is basically skewered grilled chicken and my friend ordered Shish Kabab, which is skewered lamb. The price isn't bad and the food is pretty good too. The portions for the entree was good, but could be a little more for the sides (which is either rice, or hummus, or half of each) and the grilled veggies. The wait staff was friendly and smiling. Overall it was a pretty good experience and wouldn't mind coming back if I happen to be in that area.
The boy and I happened upon this place when the restaurant we initially intended on going to was closed for lunch. Man am I glad it was closed because this place was a-mazing!We went in to look at the menu and the customer in front of us said "you will not be disappointed!" That was good enough for us so we decided to stay. We asked the owner if we could sit outside since it was so nice out. He then proceeded to set up the entire patio table even through we would have been totally fine with just eating at the bare table.After that he brought out a heaping basket of warm pita bread, two types of awesome dips and a plate of yummy olives. After we ordered our Shwarma sandwich and Qudsiah "mashed fava beans and hummus" he also surprised us with hot mint tea on the house. We were as happy as clams before our order even arrived! When it did, however, we had Shwarm-gasams. The meat was seasoned and cooked perfectly, they had the right balance of ingredients everything was spot on.The Qudsiah was great too and is now my boyfriends favorite middle eastern dip.Definitely coming back soon!
This place is near my house, so I've been many times. I keep giving them another chance hoping that my previous visits just caught them on "off" days. I've finally accepted that it's just not too good and I shouldn't go back. The food is very average. Falafel is always cold and greasy. Service is cold and the staff seems put out by the customers.
Consistency, that what I'm talking about , service, food, ambiance, today I had chicken shawarma flavored and juicy , Kunafa desert yummy I love it !!!
Delicious and great for family friendliness.
I love the food here. The place is a little stuffy (last time I went in), and noisy, but the food is top notch. I had a half-chicken with some incredibly delicious pine-nut pizza-like flatbread, drizzled with olive oil and lightly vinigary. Highly recommend it. Can still taste it now .*drool*.I'm not crazy about their olives and pickled beets, and their arab coffee was way too clove-ey. The prices seemed pretty good, if I remember right. Great place for a quick bite to eat. If you're on your way somewhere on Mission, make a stop, you won't regret it! (unless you only get pickled beets and arab coffee).
Do yourself a favor and try the stuffed falafels if you haven't yet. I'm not usually a fan of falafels but I loved this one. Great flavors and not dry and/or oily.
I just had the stuffed falafel, but it was the best falafel I have ever had.
Last month I spent the day in SF with my favorite foodie, my hubby. Instead of having lunch in China Town or on Haight & Ash, we had lunch here. I had read a couple of reviews on Yelp that didn't sound like family or that they worked there. I thought we'd give this whole in the wall restuarant a try. Even though reading others ppl reviews, I am the type of person that I am always open-minded to new restaurants. So with that being said, let me share with you my review:Cons* Pita bread, dry, too thick and tasteless* Pickled turnips, nasty* They had the nasty hummus I ever tasted, it tasted like a powder milk blend. * No Tabbouleh,what?* Street parking,okay* Seating limitedPros* Lamb, excellent, perfectly cook* Olives good* 2 sauces to dip olives in, were delish* Service good* Atmosphere, old rustic, authentic*Ppl were friendlyEven though I thought this hummus was absolutely disguisting, it's just my opinion! I am a foodie, who loves great tasting food. I love Middle Eastern and Mediterranean food. I don't love when ppl aren't open to criticism, hey isn't this YELP???
Are you tired of the latest trendoid restaurants touting the latest in hand made, locally sourced, organic, politically correct high priced food? If so, you will probably love this place. It's a throwback, in SF anyway, to when restaurants were run by a couple people with deep knowledge of the culture and traditions and are proud of the traditional food they serve. The hosts are generous and gracious, the food is authentic and reasonably priced ( nothing over $ 15) four of us had a great sampling of lamb schwarma, chicken, falafel and the fixin's and it was all very good, freshly made.The schwarma is pretty dry from the rubs ( i think ) they use.Entrees can be easily shared too.The environment is honest old- school, and clean with a great hand painted mural of the Old City on the wall. Friendly and warm service,complimentary warm pita bread, dips, pickled beets and marinated olives provided with all orders. Authentic Arabic coffee sweet and thick. Shalom and ma salema all under one roof, check it out.
I love the friendly service and delicious food here. The hummus is so rich and luscious, the Kabab is flavorful and grilled to perfection, the prices are good and the complimentary peta bread, dips, olives and cured radish that comes at the beginning is darn good. I love complimentary. Come here for service with a smile and delicious food from the Holy Land!
Ate here with my co-worker today for lunch. Got parking right out front which makes me want to give it 5 stars...but since I am really not talking about parking, I will stick to 4.The staff were really nice and friendly. I love the pita, onion, and olives they bring out as appetizers. Yum...They also bring out pickled beets, which really isn't my thing, but it might be yours.I had the lamb kabob with rice which was yummy. My co-worker had the falafel sandwich which she knew she would love since she had been talking about the place for 10 minutes before we got there. We also got he Ful which I had never had before and really liked. Definitely HUGE portions and at about the cost you might think...I believe the kabob plate was 12.95. Kinda small, cute little homey place. Not a crowd at all for lunch, maybe 4 tables full but people did come in and out while we were there.Food was fresh, staff was great, decent prices, and I actually parked right out front. Pretty good experience overall.
We really like Old Jerusalem. It's good food, a clean space, and on our end of town, so it's easy to get to on a weeknight for a quick treat out. The service is very friendly, and seems to be family or relatives. There also seem to be regular customers, Arabic-speaking, which is always a good sign for a Mediterranean place (and a real rarity in the Bay Area). But there are plenty of all sorts, everyone seems to be welcomed.I've enjoyed everything I've ever had, although we tend to focus on the mezedes (sorry I don't know the Arabic word for that) and vegetarian dips and such. The babaganoush is great, and the hummus, tabbouleh, and dolmas are all fine too. They get extra credit for great little appetizers, bread and a fabulous spicy onion relish and a tahini dip and pickled veg. I don't know if carrot juice is a big thing wherever the owners are from, but they serve it here and it's a nice accompaniment to the meal. If you wanna do it right, go for the mint tea.
So I've never stepped foot in here but my friends have bought me their chicken shawarma twice now...and falafel with garlicky sauce.Decent portions, yummy chicken, good sauce, and $7 for a full meal. $12 or so for a dinner plate....:DYum!
Hummus here is the best I've ever had and the lamb kabob was great.
Great food at a great price. Half hummus and half rice is the way to go.
If you don't mind mediocre service, this place will leave your belly feeling quite satisfied.The food is delicious, affordable, and authentic. I highly recommend the vegetarian platter. Quite possibly enough food for two meals. There is complimentary appetizers served before your meal that are sure to please your taste buds. Downside:I have not once had the fortune of speaking to wait staff who does not stare at me like I'm speaking in another language which then leads into an awkward silence and a rather uncomfortable ordering experience. However, the excellent food is their saving grace which keeps this place as a regular staple in my weekly routine.
I am Lebanese--second generation. I am ever in search of great Middle Eastern food like my "Situ" would make. And I think this is one if the best! The chicken was tender and juicy. The hummus was perfect. They were so kind and so sweet there too. I have a new fab fave!
The first time I went here (a few years ago), the kitchen caught on fire. It wasn't a great experience, but I didn't remember the food.So I finally decided to go to this place a second time. Now I remember the food - because it was awful. How several hundred people can think this place is worth a 4+ star rating is beyond me. For example, I had the so-called "chicken shawerma." It bore no resemblance to shawerma and was completely tasteless. You know the people who run Old Jerusalem know what shawerma is supposed to be. So how they can serve this crap is also beyond me.
IT'S ALL ABOUT THE MOUSAKHAN! Savory Palestinian dish of oven roasted half chicken atop freshly baked Arab flatbread served with lots of sweet onions, toasted pine nuts, and deep red sumac. The chicken is nicely roasted till tender with a complex spice rub on the skin. The flatbread was a golden color, with some olive oil and other tasty spices. It soaked up some of the juices from the chicken so my favorite part was the middle, where it was nice and crispy.We shared the Jerusalem salad, which was a mix of tomatoes, cucumber, and parsley, coated with tahini, olive oil and lemon. This was a nice light starter, good mixed with some of their fabulous garlic yogurt dip wrapped up in pita bead.The plate of falafel was some of the best I've had, crispy browned shell, and still moist inside. Better than the version I had at Cafe Zitouna. The only downer was my friend's disappointment with his Combination Kabab plate, which were on the dry side. So much so, that I had to contain my enthusiasm for the chicken plate. The hummus on his plate was pretty good though.
I was really looking forward to this place and overall the food was okay.We received appetizers, which were alright - the flavors were a little too exotic for me (very bitter/sour) and so maybe it requires an acquired taste to enjoy. The hummus was a bit disappointing since it lacked the spice I usually get at other places...it honestly just tasted like smashed slightly seasoned garbanzo beans/chick peas. I ordered Beef Shawerma and that was actually great - the beef was flavorful and spiced to perfection (I'm really curious as to what spices were used to make it). Having the beef shawerma with the pita was a perfect balance since the pita had a very light wheat flavor. I'd try this place out again...maybe I'd try the chicken. While there are some places where everything you order is good, maybe this place has a hit-or-miss situation.
finished my classes and starving while i was looking for something to eat ! my mind came up with old Jerusalem's ! delicious food, nice people andi really like their atmosphere it went me back home.definitely be back.
Fantastic chicken shawarma. Best in the city. And the staff is very friendly.
This place is a new obsession for me, though clearly I've been missing out for years. Yes, this place is small, service can be a little slow, and it's always like 90 degrees and humid, but WHO CARES when the food is so good?!Everything I've had there so far was great, though at one point I got the mixed grill (or something of that nature) and it was just so much assorted meat with mostly nothing else on the plate that I couldn't deal. But I think that speaks to my sub-par meat eating capacity more than it does to the restaurant.Anyway, Stuffed Falafels. #18 on the menu I can tell you off the top of my head. Once you try one you'll be willing to sell your mother for more. This isn't to say that the plain falafels aren't delicious, they're just not made by Israeli unicorns in some parallel universe just off the kitchen. The stuffed ones are. They have to be.Shawerma wrap, alway a solid option. And make sure to have the coffee. It's traditionally spiced, comes in a cute tiny cup, and will leave you in a state of dinner bliss.
very Good place...I'm glad we finally tried this place that we've always looked over.Combination Platterlamb, Kefta and Chicken kabobs1/2 hummus 1/2 riceThis dish was awesome...husband ate most of it except the rice. He said his lamb was chewy. Lamb Kabob PlatterDelicious, but some of the lamb pieces were chewy. The hummus is so good and their hot sauce tastes amazing. The free goodies are tasty!The pita is homemade and nice and fluffyOlives and pickled turniptahini sauce- very goodturkish sauce- this was a little strange tastes like cocktail sauceOh, the best meat was the chicken...not overcooked at all and very-well cooked. They refill your bread if you have a big appetite like my husband. The place is not cheap, but you do get a lot of meat on the combination plates...and you have enough for dinner or lunch the next day
My first time here tonight. After many previous reviewers suggested it we got a combination plate, stuffed falafel and chicken shawarma. Everything was tasty and the meats were juicy, The falafel in particular was excellent. Fried really crisp on the outside and moist on the inside, very flavorful. I got a tea with my meal and it was really good with the fresh mint. We tried a kunafa for dessert. They have a tray already prepared from which they heat a slice for you. This causes the shredded phyllo to be soggy. The overall taste was good, but it wasn't very warm, so no stringy cheese and the soggy phyllo made the texture a little unappealing. I also got an Arabian coffee with dessert and it was great; very strong and well spiced. The price for two of us was under $50 which I think is great considering all of the overpriced and poor quality middle eastern food in the city. Overall we really liked the food and I am sure we will come again. Everyone eating near us really seemed to enjoy their food as well.
We had not really tried this type of food before and discovered what we had been missing!! Delicious food and accurate descriptions of items on menu. Friendly service and quick service. We will def go back!
It's a good place for a heatlhy, tasty lunch.The Homous and Arabic salads are very recomended!
Yummers! As someone who grew up in a neighborhood with a lot of Middle Eastern flavor, I KNOW good Middle Eastern food. And this place knows how to do it! Deee-lish!Not to mention the staff there is super friendly & nice - and they get you in & out of the place in a timely fashion (especially when you happen to mention that you've got a class to get to soon).Old Jeru rocks. Check it out, kids.
I hate to provide a low review for this family run business, but it is not without consideration. Tried the shawerma wrap-- bland and tough pieces of meat every other bite. The breading had an excessive amount of flour dustings which created a dry mouth feel and left everything that it touched coated in flour. Attempted this restaurant again the other day and ordered baba ghanoush and stuffed falafel. Baba ghanoush was flavorless and required an extra squeeze of a whole lemon (which we asked for and did) and another good pinch of salt. While the doctoring up provided much needed brightness to the dish, the eggplant did not have any flavor. Stuffed falafel was good when dipped in the yogurt dipping sauce. Nicely fried and moist in the center. As for the complimentary pickled veg and olives, there's a slight off taste to the pickled veg and the olives are okay but extremely salty (needs a quick rinse from the brine). Service: The male wait staff was good. The female wait staff can benefit in some hospitality training. Perhaps it's what we ordered, but overall, most of the food did not taste fresh and lacked seasoning. I tried giving this place a second chance but the dining experiences were not memorable to return for a third.
Best Hummus I've had in the US. As someone who grew up in Dubai, I have been used to really authentic middle eastern food. Old Jerusalem is the closest its gotten since I've moved here. I went there with a couple of friends and ordered the Lamb Shawarma and Flafels for appetizers. I was thoroughly satisfied with the food. The place is pretty small and stuffy though if I remember correctly. A solid 4.5 star restaurant.
Authentic and delicious. Best Shewarma and Kabobs around. I would recommend it to anybody.
Today, my husband and I were happily on our way to Good Frickin Chicken - about a block away when I suddenly REMEMBERED the Old Jerusalem Restaurant.I was soooooo happy when we walked in the restaurant. It was so warm-orangey-gold inside--like some James Bond movie. One family was having lunch, a big plate of falafel the size of golf balls in front of them. Dishes and dishes of STUFF was brought out for them. The food must be very very good I thought. This family hasn't stopped eating yet.I ordered the lamb shish kabob sandwich with french fries and a really really strong coffee. "Is it strong," I asked. "Yes, it's really strong," the waitperson said. "Is it really really strong," I asked. "Yes, it's really really strong." My husband ordered the shawarma sandwich. I didn't think french fries were what you find for dinner at Middle Eastern homes, but hey... they're on the menu.They brought us a big plate of olives and pink turnip slices while we were waiting. I thought, "Wow, they didn't have to be that nice to us. We only ordered 2 sandwiches and french fries."My sandwich was wonderfully delicious. Cubes of succulent tender lamb, cucumbers, tomatoes, and lettuce rolled in lavash. My husband thought his sandwich was OK with a lot of lettuce. He thinks people who like Good Frickin Chicken are going to like Good Frickin Chicken and those who like the Old Jerusalem are going to like the Old Jerusalem.I really like the Old Jerusalem. Although the sandwiches are a lot bigger at Good Frickin Chicken, I found the meat more tender and more flavorful at the Old Jerusalem.I brought some of my shish kabob sandwich home because our 24 year old cat has been demanding to have whatever we're eating nowadays. I ripped up a cube of lamb for him, and he has eaten most of it already.
Shish is Turkish for skewer.This will be helpful as I'm about to make my first trip to the Middle East. Turkey. Lebanon. Above & Beyond. And I'm excited for the food. If it's anything like Old Jerusalem I'm going to love it.One of the best lavash wraps in the city. Filled with perfectly barbecued chicken skewers. Surrounded by eggplant, salad, hummus and pickles. Expertly wrapped. Quickly finished.Price keeps them from five stars. Eight bucks isn't bad but not a steal. Consider it a very strong four.Turkey. Your move.
After going to Israel and trying the real thing my taste buds crave a good hummus and crisp falafel. I've tried making my own middle east food, but I just dont have the skills. I tried Old Jerusalem and was hooked right away. It took me back to a place where I enjoyed the food and life. I'd recommend this place to people who are new to middle east food and people who know what they love.
Old Jerusalem is easily the BEST hole in the wall in the City --and that's saying a lot. In fact, I'd also say they are the best Mediterranean food in the City --and quite possibly some of the best I've ever had.The food here is so good that your toes will curl. The mixture of spices and flavors is unforgettable. I never knew you could make hummus like that. I mean usually, hummus is hummus, right? Not theirs! The hummus at Old Jerusalem is positively transcendental.You should know that they are halal (the Islamic equivalent of Kosher) which means that they don't serve alcohol. However don't let that be a deal killer. They're great for take-out. I have had them cater before and I've never seen desserts get swarmed upon like that baklava!If you do eat in, the service is fabulous and this murals are fantastic. Plus, dinner for two (with leftovers!) runs about $40! Take my word for it, Old Jerusalem is to die for!
Best Hummus and Shawarma that you can find around here!Pros: Shawarma, Hummus and small plates of olives and salads served before the meal were so good that I have to give 5 stars and ignore the cons....Cons: Parking on a Sunday during lunch time wasn't easy, didn't like the seasoning of Shish TaoukI'll deferentially come again to taste the wonderful true Mediterranean food.
Smoke weed, eat falafel, reach nirvana.
This was my very first meal in San Francisco and it was definitely one of the best meals during my week here! The staff is so friendly and helpful! Great food and great service makes this place a gem! The tea with mint leaves is just delicious.
Best casual middle eastern food in the city. Been going there for years and have always enjoyed the experience. Can't miss spot.
Awesome middle eastern (ME) food! Large portions of meat, generous servings of bread and turkish salad, and some of the the best baba ghounoush I've had in very long time!This is venue is relatively small, with only about 6-8 tables, and it seems to fill up quickly during rush hour times, luckily I got there around 6:30 right before the buildup. Prices are reasonable for what you get - and you do get a lot of meat. I had the shish katouk (chicken skewers), and this plate had plenty of meat! The hummus here is more thick and less creamy (so if you like it extra creamy, you won't appreciate the hummus here)Service was attentive and friendly. You may want to book reservations, especially if you plan to show up during busy dinner hours, but the place is generally very casual (not schmancy fancy). You are coming (and coming back) for the food.
We went there with a group. We had a little of everything. It's very good but I must say I'm not and expert in the middle west food. The service was good and fast and the prices are fair. I will return one day.
Two star reviews: are we talking about the same place?!? The falafel here is so good and fresh it's a shame to put it in a sandwich. Dip and eat baby!
I had been craving Halal food like nobody's business. Wanting to fly to NY to visit my halal stand 3X a day, but knowing NY weather - I resorted to just moaning and groaning about halal food on a daily basis.First, KK found Pilita Grill, which was awesome.yelp.com/biz/pilita-grilThen, I finally tried the restaurant that Jon B had recommended some time ago -- Old Jerusalem.We scored royalty parking right in front in time for a late lunch. We then decided we'd have it "to-go" and take it to Philz to spend a lovely afternoon. The staff was friendly enough in a subdued kind of way - and the food came out pretty fast.The rice was good, but there was no salad with the schwarma dish, and ultimately, the lamb was dry. I have not been to many Halal places, period, but having had meat that can blow your mind at a street stand in NY - - I knew this wasn't going quite "IT".Then again, it was a gorgeous afternoon and we sat on the patio at Philz w/ a delicious cup of coffee and ice water -- chowing on otherwise tasty food. It was like a semi-picnic that ended all too quickly. Working Asia hours -- I had to be at work by 5 pm, so we finished off our little afternoon picnic.Would I go here again?Yes. It's good. A bit on the pricier side for this food, in my opinion, but still good.It's just not great, and it's not quite what I was hoping for.That said, people rave about the hummus and next time I drop by Old Jerusalem, I will definitely try something else.In the meantime, for halal meat -- Pilita Grill near my work is still THE place to go. Unfortunately, with my schedule change, KK and I don't get to visit this place as often anymore -- and I sure as hell am not going alone! (Yep, I admit it -- I will not, cannot, and do not eat alone. EVER. I know --- WIMP.)
Meal: DinnerRationale: On our last night in San Francisco we wanted to eat somewhere low-key and close to our Mission crashpad Old Jerusalem fit the description.Food: We pigged out here because everything looked so delicious. We got (1) Mossabaha, which was basically hummus with a few chunkier things on top, but was still really smooth and good; (2) stuffed falafel, which really satisfied my fetish for stuffed foods and was tasty, and unlike any other falafel I've had, to boot; and (3) a vegetarian combo, which included the same tasty falafel without stuffing, hummus without the chunkier things, ful medames, which was a bit tart but still delicious, baba ghannouj, which I think I remember being creamy and delicious, and some seasoned fixin's like eggplant, cauliflower, and salad (because the lot of it tastes even better when stuffed inside a pita and eaten as a sandwich). I couldn't move by the time we finished everything (it dawned on me that we couldn't have leftovers because we were getting on an airplane the next morning, so I had to vacuum it all up into my gullet) and I was still full the next morning. Writing this review makes me salivate.Service/Atmosphere: Old Jerusalem was quiet and nice. I don't remember the service being anything but attentive.Conclusion: I'd happily go back to Old Jerusalem, if only for the stuffed falafel, although I'd eagerly stuff my face full of all the other delicious food as well.
Had a wrap which was OK -- friend's rice dish was better.
Been here a few times and never disappointed. I usually get the combination plate (I think its called that), three different meats nicely and tastily seasoned on a bed of mellow rice and vegetables. Also some pickled vegetables included. Its enough to feed two average sized people, but I'm a pig when it comes to this place, so I eat it all at once! Lets not forget the staff, first time I went there with two other friends the waiter gave one friend a free coffee because two of us had ordered coffee. To cool in my book!
Fantastic!!! Been trying to get over here for the longest time since I usually walk by that place on the way to El Rio and simply because I love Mediterranean food! Finally had my chance and Went in for lunch and had the hummus and the shawarma plate with pitas... it was wonderful. I was like one of the only people in the restaurant and the wait staff was really nice and attentive to me. Food came out very fast and it was totally flavorful and delicious! Probably some of the best mediterranian food in the mission! When I want something fast, fresh and healthy I will definitely go back there when I am in the mission.
Old Jerusalem is a place I go to once or twice a month with a couple of friends. It has become a tradition with us and for very good reason, because the food, service and people are absolutely amazing.Usually, I get the lamb to go along with their delicious hummus, but last trip I decided to change it up and try to shish tauok. I have a new favorite dish to go along with one of those stop, gasp, and say "oh, my freakin' god this is so freakin' good" moments. I am not sure the ingredients with the chicken, but I am sure lemon and garlic were involved somewhere. I love it when a dish is so well constructed, the flavors so perfectly balanced that you cannot always identify the ingredients. All of this with reasonable prices and superb service.
The diced chicken dish was so dry. But I do love their hummus.
I been there 40-50 times in 3 years! and im keep coming over and over.....Every time im coming over i feel like im home!the people are so nice, the food is great, try the Masbaha (hot hummus with the garbanzo beans).For sure the best Hummus in the Bay Area!
Prices are great here and so is the service. I love how they serve there pita bread with different condiments. The only odd thing on the menu are french fries, which i have to say they haven't mastered yet.
The good:Fast servicePortions won't leave you hungrySandwiches are pretty tastyYou get a plate of olives, warm pita bread, and pickled radishes with your order! Pretty cheap!The less than stellar:Meat plate (entree) featured overcooked and dry meat.Also, I had really high expectations for the falafel. Definitely not my favorite. While it was crunchy on the outside and moist in the inside, I wanted for spice and flavor to each falafel ball.
Highly recommended! The meat dishes is where its at. Hummus is out of this world. One of the least pretentious spots left in the Mission.
The place is cozy, and has a very friendly staff. The appetizers are very good and offer a nice selection. Overall a great place for a casual dinner or lunch in the area.
Really good food. Friendly service, too. Not enough tables, so go at off hours.
This place is, without a doubt, the finest Mediterranean restaurant I have ever visited. Their food is to die for, and it's not very expensive considering what you get. The staff is kind of quiet but plenty polite, and the place has a comfy feel to it. There are murals all over the walls which are wonderfully cheesy, and they play live recordings of Arabic music in the background.
This place is one of my favorite restaurants in all of SF. I am a hummus snob, and Old Jerusalem makes the most authentic, most perfectly seasoned plates of it. Granted, in recent months the quantity has been slightly slimmed (or maybe the plate got larger), but the quality remains unrivaled.Complimentary pickled yummies and pita bread greet you almost immediately as you sit down, and the turkish coffee is strong and spiced with cardamom. Also, the staff is awesome. There's nothing stylish about the decor, but you'll only ever come for the food. And frequently, I guarantee it.
The lamb shish kebab was on the tough side, but everything else was pretty good.
I was seriously blown away by this place...delicious pita bread (fluffy and doughy = carb heave), "green dip", olives (mmh) and radish (yum)...and that's just to start. We ordered the veg combo and the mousakhan (thanks to derrick below) with yoghurt salad. WOW....if you get those two, you encompass 90% of the menu. My mistake was eating too fast in the beginning...when the mousakhan came out, I was nearly full. However, the moist & tender chicken nearly fell off the bone...and the bread was insanely good.This is by no means a "healthy" meal. But we feasted for about $40 (including 2 drinks) and walked away super happy & full.
The service was the best of any restaurant in the city. The servers are the nicest, most personable servers you'll ever meet. The garlic hummus is delicious as is the schwarma. The Kunafa is the best desert ever!. I had it for my first time and it is AMAZING!
Wonderful, satisfying and healthy meal.I had the chicken kebab plate and hubby had the lamb plate. We both left very happy. The bread was warm, delicious and fluffy, the hummus was flavorful. I will be back!
I went to lunch here today and am still so satisfied that I had to say so. The chicken shawarma sandwich was tender and had loads of flavor. We ordered humus which was not only a beautiful sight but a meal in itself. There was plenty of pita bread too which hardy ever happens right?
Very authentic! Delicious! Friendly! have been there a few times now, quality was always good, service always friendly. Many Israelis, Palestinians and Lebanese go there. The humus is fantastic, the lamb, too.
OK I have never been to the Middle East (yet) but I have eaten kabobs & hummus in NYC & Paris & this place beats all hands down no question. I think its the pepper in the falafal that makes it ooohh so good. The delicious parsley dip is on the table with so much bread & yum yum red peppery dish.  The waitress was smiling & genuinely tickled that we were so happy. It must be family run -- real family restaurant.  Reasonable prices.  I just loved this place. Do wish they had tabouleh on the menu but for that I go to 21st & Valencia.
Amazing Restaurant! I lived in the Middle East for some time so when i am craving an authentic meal I go straight to Old Jerusalem. I usually find myself there at least once every two weeks.  I have also used Old Jerusalem twice now for different events in the Mission and they have definitely delivered. . . figuratively and literally. The owner is such a sweet man who really cares about his customers and it shows. Hands down one of my favorite restaurants in the Mission.
I honestly don't understand how this place has four stars. I've been four or five times and this establishment does not serve quality food! The falafel is often undercooked in the center and the Arabic salad is tasteless (even during peak tomato season). Unfortunately the Arabic salad is part of the sandwich wrap, overpowering/overwatering what could be decent chicken shawarma. The hummus, ful, & baba ghannoush are okay but lack freshness & quality. Bottom line, skip this place.
Topnotch food and service - baba ghanoush is best we've had in the city.Lighting is a little bright for dinner, and catering can get a bit pricey.
This place is a sleeper. Judging a book by its cover could get you in trouble here.While this place doesn't look like much, the food here is out of this world. All the flavors at play were truly stellar. Large portions, cheap prices. Go with the dinner plates don't just go right for the wraps! Will be coming back here again and again. Highly recommended!
It's always exciting to find a place that isn't a cooker-cutter replica and offers unique varieties. Old Jerusalem is one of them.Located in the heart of the Mission, you wouldn't expect to find great halal cuisine. When you walk in, you're hit with traditional music and a huge mural of what I assume to be the Jerusalem cityscape.The beef and lamb schwarma is tasty and served with a healthy portion of hummus, while the vegetarian combo platter was also hearty and delicious and came with hummus, ful (warm, mashed fava beans with garlic, lemon and olive oil), baba ghanoush (roasted eggplant), cucumber salad, eggplant and two falafel.Before the entrees, you also get starters of pita, pickled radish, olives and both a cucumber tahini sauce and a delicious arabic salad (onions in a spicy chili sauce).Service is frienly, the food well-made and quite filling. Definitely recommended if you're in the mood for Mediterranean/Mid-Eastern cuisine or just something different.
So apparently I've been pronouncing "hummus" wrong as it is pronounced "hoomus," but I don't really know...Anyways...on to Old Jerusalem. The restaurant is basically a notch above a hole-in-the-wall but it's nice and cozy inside. The walls have been decorated with murals of what seems to be Jerusalem.I ordered the Hummus with Shawarma while my friend ordered the Shawarma with hummus. It was basically the same thing but with Rice. As for the hummus that everyone is craving about...it's good but nothing spectacular (very much like the one you buy from Costco). They give you complimentary pita bread and dip (which are pretty good and it makes a meal out of itself). One thing I especially liked was that there was no wait and the food came out pretty fast.One thing I disliked was that after handing us the pita bread and dip...we had no plate. Were we supposed to eat it using our hands? It wasn't until I asked for plates that the manager rushed to get them for us.Old Jerusalem seems like a legit and authentic restaurant (I'm sure it is) but it'll need some brushing up to do if it wants to achieve that next level.
I usually get invited to go here but never got the chance. I'm usually too busy or I don't want to drive in this side of town at night. But, recently I had to return some items that I didn't use for the photoshoot and I stopped in to get the hummus and lamb dish to go. I'll have to get back again soon. The waitress was having lunch and said the hummus was better than her mothers.
they got the best falafel in the bay area hands down especially the arabic style falafel sandwich
This place was awesome.Plenty of seating and friendly service. Although at times it can get a bit slow.There isn't a huge selection of vegetarian options (cucumber salad, hummus, baba ganoush, 2 falafels, and some bean stuff) amongst all the great sounding meat options, I've always had the vegetarian combo which is really yummy and you get a lot for what you pay for.The falafels and the hummus is the best with this place. I'd suggest coming back for the meat eater, but can get a little tiring with the vegetarian combo or the falafel sandwich everytime.
Veggie combo came with three different dips (like hummus and babaganoush, and some fava beans), a cucumber medley, fried cauliflower, and two falafels for $13. I also ordered fries. The meal came with green olives and fresh hot pita bread. It's a tiny place and you have to go through the kitchen for the restroom. Great friendly service.Cube chicken shawerma though?
The food was AMAZING!!! Their hummus was hands down the best I've ever had! The artwork on the wall was really neat, and the restaurant setup was very inviting and comfy. The service was fantastic, so courteous and friendly!! Would definitely go here again when visiting San Francisco, and I recommend you go here for delicious Mediterranean cuisine!!
Summary: Great food, large portions, friendly staff, inexpensive, no wait.Came here with a friend late (9 PM) on a Sat. night. Staff was really friendly and took the time to explain the various menu options, what was popular.Ordered ful and the mixed meat plate, which came w/ pita, olives, pickled radish, and two dips, one creamy and the other tomato/spicy, as well as hummus. The food was great - the most creamy hummus I've ever had, and the meat was moist as well. The portions were large, and they even refilled our bread basket with hot pita halfway though the meal. Granted I've never been to the Middle East, so I can't say how authentic the food was, but it sure tasted really good.Would come back again for a great, low key meal!
This place is delicious and authentic! I went through a phase where I ate falafel at all the places I could to find the best- Old Jerusalem had them! They were seasoned so well inside. Some places give you really bland falafel and hope the grease will be enough to appease your belly- not here! The restaurant is also halal, if that's important to you. I'd definitely recommend going with a group so you can share the dishes. Ummmmmmm..... They just updated their decor too! Street parking is available, which is always good in the city!
good food, good price, open til 10 pm is a plus as it makes parking in mission easier. Service is good too. I have nothing to complain about.
- Pretty good food. My friends and I went in a large group and they were very accommodating.
Got the lentil soup here at lunchtime on President's Day. It's really good. The sandwiches are ok, but not great. I had the kofti kebab sandwhich and my girlfriend had the chicken shawarma.
Good hummus and fluffy moist toasted pitas :)Over-salted chicken w/rice, but thumbs up for the falafel wrap.
Went here because it got good reviews on yelp. I wasn't impressed at all. The food was bland and very oily. They needed to put some sort of seasoning on the lamb. I've had lots better at toher places around the city. I got there as soon as they opened and the food didn't even taste fresh. They will not be getting my business again. I will stick with my usual spot..
Arab hospitality is not a myth my friends. And its alive and well as soon as you come through the doors of Old Jerusalem. Came in to order kanufa to go, but decided to have some fool while I waited. For those who dont know, fool is basically warm crushed and whole fava beans with spices and olive oil. Its mostly eaten as breakfast cuisine in Palestine, Syria and Egypt- as well as Morocco. And WOW! Hands down the best I have ever had. Perfectly seasoned with garlic, olive oil, parsley, lemon juice and cumin. And served with REAL, FRESH baked pita bread(not that pocketed junk you buy in stores), tahina, and a side of onions in chili sauce.They also gave me complimentary Arabic tea with mint leaves. I didn't ask for it, they just gave it to me :D Went perfectly with my meal. After my meal one of the workers who I was talking to asked, "Do you smoke argeela?(Hookah)" Every Middle Eastern person in the world does- "of course!" He pulls the hookah out of the kitchen we actually smoked outside for about 20 minutes. The perfect Middle Eastern dinner experience!
Delicious food and a varied enough menu that you can go there with a big group of vegetarian and meat eaters and everyone gets exactly what they want. I love showing visitors and family this restaurant when they come to SF. Cute murals and good prices and just REALLY good food. Plus everyone is friendly. And there's a cool Middle Eastern grocery next door so you can stock up on the items you liked :)
The best Middle Eastern food in San Francisco. The Hummus and Qudsiah are amazing. The lamb Shish Kabab is tender and heavenly.Try a Kunafa for dessert.The owners are really nice and friendly.Highly recommended for a family meal
We went here for a good friends Bday dinner and I'm totally glad we did.Normally when i go to any Mediterranean restaurants I like to try the Shawirma, I feel like it gives me a good idea as to how authentic and what kind of quality of an establishment.Of course, this happens to be the one place where the Shawirma is the only thing I 'didn't' fully enjoy haha.-Hummos: Quite authentic and tasty, you 'must' try this.The bread that it comes with is warm and a very good compliment.-Shawirma: This wasn't bad, but it wasn't great either.-Chicken with a saffron seasoning (not sure of the actual name of the dish) but when i tried my friends dinner i was blown away! The chicken was tender and the curry-like sauce was amazing! combo this with the Lebanese bread and the rice pilaf! Out of this world!Great food, great service, just the type of hole-in-the-wall I've come to expect from SF.
Simply amazing! How had I not come here before?! The Fetta with Meat is out of this world. The chicken and lamb shish taook are awesome too. Love this place. The owner is super nice as well.
My grandma lived in Egypt for 10 years -- as a result she knows how to make a mean ta'meyya (falafel to the rest of you), and I definitely learned how to appreciate one. This is easily the only place in the city that comes close to hers.Whatever you happen to order, make sure you wash it down with some tasty mint tea.
This place is great. I went in to eat by myself, which can be incredibly awkward in this town, and it was totally comfortable. The food is great---fresh and well seasoned. My dad met up with me later, we were going to meet at a nearby cafe, but there was a parking spot right in front so he met me at Old Jerusalem instead and had a cup of coffee. I can't drink coffee late at night but I tried a sip and it was excellent. I'm going back for lunch soon just so I can have the coffee.
The bf and I tried this place last night on our way to the El Rio. We wanted a quick tasty bite and we got just that. The restaurant was not crowded and we ordered and were served within about 15 minutes. The waitstaff was pleasant and accomodating.The food was overall tasty. We had the kefta kebab and shish kebab sandwiches. Reading the reviews now, I should have tried a plate of food, but they're pricier. My favorite part was the sauce and the fresh cucumbers-- nice crunch and freshness. The sandwiches were good, the meat was cooked well but I definitely wasn't wow-ed. I might even say that the sandwiches at Truly Mediterranean on 16th are better. But overall it was a good, filling meal and we were out the door in under a half hour, only $20 poorer.
Delicious meals ! Good service! Good experience! @ a price!check it out!
I ordered delivery from this place last week (the guy taking the order came very, very, very close to not delivering out to Cole Valley). Unfortunately, would have turned out better for both of us had he refused.I ordered one of their meat combination platters with a side of hummus. The meat (chicken and beef kebab, mostly) was totally dry, and not much fun to eat. Fortunately the hummus was great; I just dipped the meat in the hummus and I was set.I don't think that great hummus is enough to get a place like Old Jerusalem to a 3-star rating, though; make me some tasty meat!
Old Jerusalem...what happened? New owners? New managers? No manager? New cooks? Do you even taste the food you are putting out there anymore?Tell me there is a reason you have fallen so far....It pains me to write this review, really, I am so sorry to say that I have fallen out of love with this place. For the past few years I have been going there at least once a month, so I can say that I am there often enough to see the change, and what a disappointment it is!Their hummus used to be head and shoulders above anything else you could find in the entire bay area, now, it is just as mediocre as the rest. Their shawerma used to be succulent and flavorful, now it is dry yet greasy, tasteless, and just plain bad.Their falafel used to be the best in the bay...now they are greasy, overcooked, and no flavor. Again, WHAT HAPPENED TO THIS PLACE?I have gone back time after time, giving them one chance after another....but they continue to disappoint and their food got worse and worse until last time was just inedible. I am so sad to say they have lost me as a customer for good. I hope they get it together before they lose all of their loyal customers.
- Excellent, freshly prepared food.- My favorite chicken shwarma in SF!- The Mousakhan is really, really good (but takes 20 min to prepare, so plan ahead). - Ful, hummus and baba ghannoush are all really nice and fresh.- ample street parking at dinner time.- friendly (but pokey) staffI'm a huge fan of Old Jerusalem Restaurant.
I ate here for the first time--and you can be sure this won't be my last. I had lunch there with my boyfriend and dad. Shortly after you sit down, they serve you some warm pita bread, olives, pickled beets, a green dip that tasted very cilatro/parsely-y, and another spicier tomato-based dip. Both were excellent but the green was bomb-ass. Trust.I ordered the veggie combo plate (which could have easily fed two), my pop had the shawerma platter, and the bf had a shawerma sandwich. The meat was so flavorful and tender....and boy, howdy, was there tons. They do not skimp here. Having had the pleasure of growing up with friends from the Middle East, I can say the food is delicious and very authentic.The hot sauce for the shawerma was really tasty and pretty hot. They are generous with the pita so when you need to refill your basket, they mind-read you and bring over some. Service was good! Eat here now.
I can always count on Old Jerusalem for a solid dining experience. Consistently great food and good service, plus the price is right. You get pita, dips, pickled radishes and olives complimentary with every meal. We got the lamb and beef shawarma plate today. I loved the shawarma and my boyfriend thought the rice was the best! Whenever I come here I always order the Mousakhan first, but they don't have it 75% of the time I ask. It is much harder to prepare, so it is a rare treat.
I was all prepared to write a two-star review this morning, until..lets just say my toilet is angrier at old jerusalem than i am. i'm not going to go so far as to say I became sick, but it wasn't pretty. In general, I've got a pretty decent iron-plated stomach too, so this surprised me...  Here's how it went down: I came here last night under the recommendation from my friend, who said this was his favorite falafel joint in the city, bar none. had reasonably high expectations but was disappointed. We arrived at 9:40pm, 20 minutes before closing. We were the only ones there and they were already packing stuff up. Given the timing of everything, maybe I shouldn't have assumed I would receive warm food. We order the hummus and 2 falafel sandwhiches. things start off well enough. They bring out some snacks, which included pita bread, some sort of garlic hummus sauce, olives, pickled radish, and a hot sauce. The ordered hummus comes out next, which is very good. it's silky smooth but contrasted by medium size chunks of chickpeas. very clever, old jerusalem!our falafel comes out next, in which every part of the sandwhich was room temperature: lettuce, sauce, filafel, pita - everything. my girlfriend remarks that the food looks like its been sitting for a while and asks me "is this okay to eat?" ..."of course it is, silly goose! its not like there's meat in this or anything!" sigh. temperature aside though, the falafel was pretty mediocre in itself. good sized portions, we packed up the remainder of our food, only to find a BLUE RUBBER BAND swimming amongst our garlic sauce. if i were an endangered bird with a falafel-only diet, i could be dead right now! in truth, the gf was a little appalled, but i shrugged it off. wasn't the first rubber band i've seen and won't be the last.not too cheap though. $7 falafel sandwhich, 7.50 hummus plate, 2.50 for a cup of tea? $30.50 total, before tip.nice people, but i won't be coming back here again.2-3 star restaurant, easily a 1 star experience.
I went to Old Jerusalem for the first time last night with a group of friends, quite excited about checking out a place that has received such positive Yelp reviews. While I was satisified with my meal, I'm afraid I cannot say I was impressed.I ordered the vegetarian combo, as did another member of our group. When the veg combos arrived, we both looked up in surprise asked the waiter if these were actually appetizers, rather than our entrees. We were a bit disappointed to learn they were, in fact, the latter. The combo plate consisted of 2 falafel balls, copious of amounts of (admittedly delicious) hummus, an unremarkable Greek salad, and another dipping sauce (presumably some sort of lentil puree). Everything was good, but nothing was amazing.I would certainly go back, but I returned home to Pac Heights thinking that Old Jerusalem wasn't really worth the trek down to the Mission, and that our neighborhood Greek place, Myconos (on Polk at Pine) is better!
Great-- the appetizers! Hummus with warm homemade pita bread rocks too. Falafel and chicken kebabs are tasty. So is vegetarian entree which has medley of lovely tastes. People are super attentive and friendly. Water got constantly filled! Baklava looked delish but just didn't have room for it. Loved the wall paintings. Added some nice atmosphere.Not-so-great is maybe the Friday special. Each day offers a different specialty and I wasn't wild about the Friday one. Portion was huge and I had to take the rest to go.I'll be back just for the appetizers and chicken!
Came back here again. They technically aren't supposed to bring you pita and fixings when you just order a sandwich, but they did for me. Furthermore, they suggested an awesome goat cheese and wheat dessert -- very tasty, but not something you'd typically order. Love this place.
Was wishing I ate here today! but the other day..........holy pinoli!! my favorite pine nuts.....yummy -- I love to order to a lot of food, can't help myself and the plate to do that with is the Mousakhan with pine nuts!! I ended up sharing with a friend, we also enjoyed the falafel appetizer with pine nuts (yum more pine nuts) and an order the ful. We want more because it is.....yum! and friendly service too :)
Divine food, lovely family run, and authentic. It's def my favourite middle eastern food destination.
Great hummus. The highlight of the meal was definitely the free appetizer - tsaziki type yogurt, tomatoes and onions, and pita. The falafel is decent, as is the babaganoush. The pita is unlimited, warm and yummy. The prices are friendly.
I came here with a date because he told me they had the "best" hummus. While the hummus was good, I don't think it was the "best." We came here on a Sunday afternoon and the place was dead. The decor was awesome, the service was really great (two young girls waited on us. Both very attentive), and the food was good, but not fantastic nor the best middle eastern food I've ever had. They give you some pita, olives, pickled beets, and some sauces to start with. I had the kefta plate with hummus. It turned out to be too much and I ended up taking half of it home. Leftovers are always nice! In all, it was a very average dining experience.
Came here with friends after a wonderful day out and having major cravings for some good middle eastern food, so there I went not knowing what to expect: Thankfully, the food tasted amazing! I had the "Combination Plate" which is an overflow of meat...so if you are a meat lover then by all means order that specific dish, you will not be disappointed. Portions are very generous and the meat is grilled to perfection, no over grilling/ cooking but just about right. We also had the hummus which tasted a bit plain honestly, but after some of our own additions of salt and olive oil tasted perfect. We also had a chicken Shawerma sandwhich/ wrap which was a bit disappointing....it was a lot of wrap and little chicken and it tasted a bit dry. I would not order that again.By the way...service is super fast!! The girl took our order and I think that we got our food about 15 minutes later and there was about 6 of us! Nice!Dessert: Amazing! The Kunafa is a real treat and you must try it....it is just very sweet so be aware of that! one serving is enough for 2 people.Cons: Difficult to find parking around this part of town....but hey...come on....it is the Mission district so it was to be expected ;-)Prices: very reasonable...i mean 15 bucks for a full plate of meat and rice is really not a bad deal at all....it is all fresh and tastes great so def worth every single penny.Conclusion: Great restaurant- go for the main entrees and don't go for the sandwiches and enjoy the Kunafa!
Very good hummus & falafel, just like what you would find back in Palestine. The sizes were just right. The staff was friendly, and the ambient felt nice. We could see what's going on in the kitchen from our table, which cool. The only bad thing was that we were too full to try the knafeh, so that will have to wait untill the next time we're in San Francisco.
As soon as you step inside, you're surrounded by murals and music that transport you out of the Mission. The tomato/onion relish and garlic yogurt along with a continuously replenished pile of warmed fresh pita with olives and pickled beets were delicious.  The vegetarian combo is a belly buster with two crisply fried falafel logs, golden pools of olive oil in pockets of buttery hummus, ful, baba ghanoush, one piece each of cauliflower and eggplant and a tomato pepper cuke (arabian) salad. It is a bit pricey for one, certainly substantial enough for two. That being said, I cleaned my plate. Service was friendly.
The food here is excellent. As good as it is in the middle east. The service is wonderful and the staff is very friendly.
Went here with 3 friends on a Saturday night. As we entered I was pretty excited: The decor was inviting and it had a homely, hole-in-the-wall feeling. The air wasn't that spectacular; it was a bit smokey.I ordered a "Lamb & Egg" -- pretty much just scrambled eggs with lamb, then chopped parsley mixed in afterwards. It came pretty quickly. I think the first warning sign was that it wasn't fragrant at all -- no herbs and no egg fragrance. It wasn't too tasty either; there was absolutely no flavor and I had to add copious salt and pepper. Twas a $11 not so well spent.I had a chance to try my friends' dishes. The shawarma was pretty good. The shish kabob was charred (good) but bland.One redeeming factor: The hummus was pretty good. Try it.
Came here today for dinner with boyfriend and his mom. I order the Shish Kabab. Lamb. Service here is very quick and friendly. Place isn't that large so for large groups, I wouldn't recommend it. The waitress I got was really nice. Let us decide which table we wanted even though we were pretty indecisive. She gave us plenty of time to decide on what we wanted to eat, didn't bother us much at all. My lamb was okay, a bit on the dry side. But the flavor was there. I wish it had a bit less rice and more salad. Like more tomatoes or lettuce. I also would like it better if their water glass were more clean. But I am pretty picky. I might come back for more, if I'm around.
I was blown away by this place. I'm not typically a fan of middle eastern food but this place made me a believer. #12 is a must hands down. Lamb over hummus. Service was friendly and attentive. This is the kind of place that should be packed and a line out to door but the hipsters just don't know. Try it and you'll be a believer.
It's a little humbling to think you've been eating pretty good quality Middle Eastern food at Ali Baba's and Truly Med and then you go to a place like Old Jerusalem and are just blown away. Like the other two, Old Jerusalem is a very unpretentious restaurant, taking more pride in their authentic dishes than decor but OJ just is a notch above in terms of quality and offerings. I was there with 5 friends and we ordered quite a feast: succulent shawerma, fresh baba ghanoush, perfectly seasoned and grilled kifta kabob, and plenty of flavorful hummus. It all went by in such a blur of delicious, we devoured everything on our plates seemingly in a few moments. The service was friendly and family-oriented, and I am looking back to heading back there and trying some of the other items on their fairly broad menu.
This place could easily become a staple for anyone who lives in the hood and wants REALLY GOOD and pretty cheap food. My kabob combo with humus was excellent and I was truly drooling over everything I saw going by me. Definitely looking forward to going back and trying some other dishes. The wait staff and cooks are totally sweet and welcoming. The food came out quickly. You get a ton of delicious pita bread and fresh condiments with your order. It isn't noisy at all, so it is a good place to hang and eat if you want to spend time and be able to talk with out yelling and leaning forward to hear. Very casual; an easy place to bring kids.The Down Side: They did what they could to create some atmosphere and transform a dive / hole in the wall space into something easy on the eyes but this is not the cleanest block on Mission street... We had to walk through the "Lysol zone" outside the front door where I think they are combating the smell of some after hours bad boys. Shame on those boys! Anyway, once we were inside it was fine and well worth it.
best hummus ever!! and the meats! AND THE RICE! i am big on rice i dont know why and the rice that came with my meat combo was spectacular. I chose the 3 meats platter which was great, the chicken was my favorite but they were all fantastic. My gf couldn't have enough of the hummus, she said her shwarema sandwich wasn't that special but we loved everything else. highly recommend this place
This place is ok food, big portions at a great price. I like the pita and dipping sauces they give you at the beginning of the meal. Its really good and something extra. We always get the hummus which is delicious. Then I usually get the shawerma, but I don't like it as much as other places. I think it's the pickled veggies in it... hard to say. It's not a bad place for a cheap, sit-down mediterranean dinner.
A-ma-ZING! Two or so pounds of the freshest hummus around + delectable chicken shwarma + veggie plate +tea with fresh mint = heaven in my mouth. I will be accosting this place once a week. Go get it!
Being allergic to sesame (which means I can't eat hummus), I rarely ever go out to eat at Mediterranean places. But when you are dating a falafel fiend you have to live dangerously sometimes. Luckily there were a few items with no sesame or hummus in them so I was able to eat a real meal! I had the lamb skewers and rice and thought the rice was wonderfully flavored for just being white rice. The lamb was cooked how I like it. A little charred on the outside but tender and juicy on the inside. The appetizer bread is not all that great plain but I'm sure it tasted good with the sauces. My company seemed to love the falafels and especially the falafel sandwich. The place is kinda small and was very busy for a late dinner (8:30pm on Sat. had a wait out the door), so service was slow. But they were very nice about it. It's nice to know that I have options for when the boyfriend gets the falafel withdrawal shakes. I'm sure due to this alone I'll be back.
Thursday night dinner. Staff was very attentive and friendly. Parking on Mission Street was surprisingly easy.Had the Babba Ganoush and Shwerma plate which were excellent. So many things to add to it, you almost don't know where to start. The hot stuff is great! Great on the wallet too.Service is fast, but they do not rush you at all which was great as we were having a good conversation. Definitely an authentic feel to this place. Not fancy by any means, but clean and welcoming.
I love Old Jerusalem. My family and I eat here all the time. Food is great. If I could say anything bad about the place it would probably be what they charge for order a tray of sweets. If you buy the tray and do not eat any of it in the restaurant, then its approximately $40, however, if you buy a tray and eat any of it inside the restaurant, then they charge you by piece which can run you like $60+. so.... my advice, just buy a tray and eat at home. Other than that....LOVE THE FOOD and CUSTOMER SERVICE IS GREAT!
Delicious! Authentic! Cheap! Could be one of the best mediterranean places in the city for a good price. We ordered the some vegetarian combo and we thought it wouldnt be enough so we also ordered and gyro. OMG! Its was so much food!!! We had to take the gyro to go! Its not fancy at all, but I have to say they're food is really good. I usually dont like babaganoush (is that how you spell it?) but they have a good one. Its a bit away from everything because its mission near bernal heights area....so worth the trek out there!
my brother and i dined here and greatly enjoyed our meal. the meat was delicious and having a combo of hummous and rice was the best way to go.
Went to Old Jerusalem in search of some excellent Middle Eastern food. Got my order for take out. Prices were fair, service was friendly despite the fact that I'm obviously Jewish =), and the place seemed neat and clean. As for the food, Hummus and pita = teh excellentz! The schwarma however was only ok. Perhaps I'm kvetching a bit but I could certainly have used a more generous portion for the 9 dollars it cost. Ordered the falafal on the side and it was excellent and super cheap! If your looking for value, a plate of hummus and 6 falafals for 9 bucks plus amazing free pita can't be beat! Tried the backlava on a whim, and while not usually a fan of the pastry I felt theirs was exceptional! Kudos, that shit ain't easy to get right! I will definitely head back and try a few more of their specialty dishes. The hummus and pita alone are almost worth the trip!
Wonderful food and service. Both for eat in and takeout! Came in to get takeout with my picky toddler and upon hearing about how pickey she is the nice man working in the front of the house gave her some free soup and rice to take home and try! How awesome is that! Both she and I left with a smile, AND the food was delicious.
Finally! A Mid-Eastern place that gets it right...And that's all I have to say about that...
I and husband went here couple of weeks ago, My husband is a huge huge kebab fan(he has had all types living in India and UK), and he thought the kebabs were the best he has had here in the US. He had the chicken kebab plate; it came with basmati rice made in butter and really simple salad. I had a falafel sandwich, which I thought was ok. Even the two side chutneys were really good. This was our first visit and we really liked it, will be going back to try some more traditional dishes. Oh! one more thing , don't forget to get a huge slice of Kunafa on your way out, bring it home, warm it and enjoy!!!. Delish!!!
I'll be going back!
It has been awhile since we have eaten here. We went veggie tonight. It was good but still favor the meat. The falafels were awesome and reminded me of my mom's so that is a good compliment :o) I like the hummus and used that with the hot sauce to eat the falafels. The portions are big so my hubby and I split Vegetarain plate. I normally get the turkish coffee but tonight had to pass but recommend it!
By far the best middle eastern food in San Francisco (at least for vegetarians, I can't speak for their meats). Why is it so great?-- Free, fluffy, warm pita bread (not the same crappy, boring stuff you find everywhere else)-- Falafel fried to order. Always delicious-- Stuffed falafel (seriously, pine nuts & onions INSIDE a big ol' falafel... amazing)-- Delicious hummus-- Even more amazing though... the massobaha: hummus, whole chickpeas, crushed fresh chillies, extra lemon juice + olive oil on top. All for the same price as the hummus alone!-- Tahini sauce and onion hot sauce are both spot on. Perfect flavors.
I'm taking away one star because the food was a little too salty for me. Although it was a little salty, the food was exceptionally delicious!Instead of driving all the way to San Bruno to have yummy hummus and Chicken Shawerma, I decided to try Old Jerusalem at the recommendation of my coworker.Came here with my sister and my friend. Sissy-poo ordered the regular hummus (the one with chunks of chick peas in it) and the falafels. I ordered the hummus with meat. Their pita bread was warm and yummy!The pita bread comes with a plate of some kinda weird veggie and olives, two dipping sauces: one that's tomato-ish that reminds me of salsa or spaghetti sauce and another garlic-y sauce with parsley leaves...kinda like a spinach dip. Haha.....My hummus was DELICIOUS!!!!!!!!!! I wanted to eat all of it like a piggie but decided to be nice and let my friend have half. Haha.....My friend and I ordered the Chicken Shawerma plate with rice while my sister ordered the falafel wrap. My friend really liked the restaurant. It was our first time and we really liked it. I think we'll go back for more. =) The only thing we didn't really like was that the restaurant was narrow and everyone felt like cramped sardines in a can. Plus, it took a while for our waters to be refilled since it was busy. Other than that....it was yummy. Parking can be a pain but it depends on what time you go.
Great spot for falafel, especially the "stuffed falafel" with caramelized onions and pine nuts inside - amazingly yummy! While, some of the dishes I've had there are ordinary, the stuffed falafel, grilled eggplant, and hummus are excellent - and the prices are reasonable. Also, while the restaurant is a bit of a hole-in-the-wall and a little dark inside, you'll discover welcoming staff and elaborate murals decorating the walls. One consideration - there are usually only 1 or 2 waiters, so service can be slower than other places. Call ahead if you're ordering an item to go and plan for a liesurely meal if eating in. Overall, it's a great spot for a cheap eat!
I just wanted say how good the shawerma was today. It was unbelievably good so juicy and tender everything was still great.
Situated deep into the mission, Old Jerusalem is authentic (or so it seems) and super yummy. The atmosphere is meh and they have 1 server for about 20 tables, so the service isn't that great either.The pita bread is thick, fluffy, and never like I've had before. I'm not sure what types of sauces etc they serve with them, but I liked them alot. One was an orange-ish hummus style sauce and another one is chopped up onions marinated in a horseradish style sauce. We all ordered sandwiches; the falafel, the chicken, and the lamb/beef combo. All of us loved each sandwich. So many flavors going on in one bite, so it was difficult to distinguish them all! Mmmm! Beware of the hot sauce they bring when asked for...SO HOT! 2 of us ended up taking halves our sandwiches home after filling up on all the pita bread and falafil. Only downfall is that they don't serve alcohol and it's not BYO. They must not have their liquor license :(
Great place for falafel or shewarma. I stopped here for lunch and had a shewarma (lamb and beef on lavash). It was delicious and fresh. The service was friendly. Not a very big place; it wouldn't be hard to miss it among the other Mission St. storefronts, but worth the look and worth the stop.
Not impressed with the kebab.but I have been back several times since it's close by. My Muslim friend who eats this stuff on the regular wasn't feeling it neither. Price is decent so I would come back and order something else if nothing else is available.
Food is amazing, incredibly fresh ingredients. Staff is super friendly. What more can I say.
I really love the kunafa! I can't get enough of it. I recommend splitting it with friends.
I'm going out on a limb here and offering the full 5 stars for OJC -- not because it's competition for Boulevard, but because in its casual dining class, it's outstanding.This little cafe, in a moderately dodgy section of town, serves up delicious, authentic cuisine. Their portions are generous,and value-priced, and it's clean, pleasant, and someplace you'll return to again and again.Great service, great food, great prices. That's a 5 in my book.
This is by far my favorite Middle Eastern restaurant in the SF Bay Area. The falafel balls are just like they are in the Middle East - crispy outside, soft and moist inside. They also have amazing hummus and pita breads (that don't break when you open them.)I've taken a few friends who grew up in the Middle East (Egypt, Jordan, Israel) to Old Jerusalem and they all agreed that it tastes just like home.
UpdateDefinitely order the hummus and lamb dish. The lamb was cooked just right and the hummus is on point. Mmmm.. MMm I am hungry just thinking about it.
Love the decor which is painted like...um...a Mediterranean building. Yeah, I can't describe it but it's cute. The service was fairly good. The food was great. There's complimentary pita bread with 2 dips, a spicy red one and a creamy green one, olives and pickled turnips with entrees. The bread was delicious, soft, light (for a carb). I ordered the 6 pieces of falafel $3, and the chicken shawerma entree with rice, $11.95. Chicken shawerma reminded me of curry in that it marked the plate yellow. I wish it came with vegetables but overall, it was good. Order a shawerma sandwich, $7.50, for a cheap and filling meal. If you're unfamiliar with Mediterranean food, a sandwich is more akin to a burrito as there are no slices of bread. A was somewhat surprised when he saw it. I ate his leftovers and it was still delicious after four days. Definitely eat here.
A friend of mine took me here when I visited SF. As soon as I walked in I could hear the arabic music in the background. That's a big plus. Next after we order, we get a plate of olives and pickled beets and a basket of pita. That's another plus.Over all I was impressed by the food, but I have to say the baba ganoush should have had a bit more garlic and lemon. Additionally the falafel while pretty good, were not great.Maybe my mom's cooking has spoiled me, but I can't give a middle eastern restaurant five stars unless it out does my mom's cooking. I would give four and a half stars if I could, but since I can't Old Jerusalem gets four stars.
Yes! Just go in! Thumbs up! (That's for the people standing outside with their phones trying to check yelp). The longer review is THIS. Do not judge a book by it's cover. I've lived in S.F. for 15 years and have ignored this place for 14 because it looks like nothing on the outside and has an ugly sign with meat on it. I have no idea how I finally stumbled in, but OH MY GOD it's good. So to make up for lost time I go there every week. I pray that it never becomes one of those wait in line trendy spots so maybe I should be giving it a bad review? The minute you walk in you get pita, pickled turnips/beets, tahini sauce, some kind of tomato onion middle eastern chutney and olives. And it's all good. My boyfriend and I are vegan and only order one thing, the vegetarian mazza platter and it's cheap and fills us up. They're nice, they're family run, sometimes there's so many people in the kitchen it's like a clown car, but whatever, they ROCK. The end.
If you are looking for traditional hummus which actually tastes like hummus should, this is the place to go. They bring the food out pretty quickly, and they are great about monitoring your supply of warm pita bread. There are no bells and whistles here, no fancy decor, just about the best hummus you will ever taste in the United States.If your idea of good Hummus is the kind that you get at Trader Joe's, Whole Foods, or any sit-down restaurant for that matter, you need to visit Old Jerusalem in order to reject those other attempts at Hummus forever.A good reflection of the quality of the hummus is the fact that you commonly hear customers speaking both Arabic and Hebrew as they dine. It would be like seeing a sushi restaurant that is constantly full of Japanese diners; you know they are not messing around with subpar sushi!
I have been here twice now, the most recent of which was for my mom's birthday, and I must say it was a much better experience than the one we had on my own birthday! Our server wasn't spewing our rainbows but she certainly wasn't rude and was very knowledgeable with what was on the menu. We ate our free appetizers so fast that i guess she realized we were really, really hungry, because she sent out another set for us, free of charge. The food was amazing - my brother got some sort of beef feta cheese dish, and I got the chicken shewarma. Hands down though, the best thing is the half chicken meal if you can get someone to split it with you. The owner came out and mingled with us a bit and asked if we liked our food. All in all, 5 star experience. Thank you!
Pros: Good service, nice Arabic background music , Reasonable Price , Fresh Halal Meat , excellent appetizers, Msakhan is great but not available everyday!!Cons: No Restroom (you can use the employees restroom).everytime I visit SF , I have to stop by there,,
My main "critique" of the Old Jerusalem Restaurant, if you can even call it that, is that the portions are huge! So if you want to avoid feeling like a blimped-out pig, maybe consider going for dinner after skipping lunch.  Having recently traveled to Jerusalem and Palestine, I was delighted to find out that they have mousakhan (not to be confused with moussaka), a dish made with flatbread, caramelized onions, and chicken that was my most memorable meal in Palestine. And at the restaurant, the mousakhan came with an entire half chicken! -- probably could have fed two people easily. Very tasty. And my sweetie had the lamb and hummus, which was excellent as well. I'm not sure that their hummus is absolutely the best in town; the batch I had was a bit on the pasty side. But that was more than made up for by everything else -- the pita and dipping sauces they brought around after we had ordered, and the super-rich kanafeh (-sp?), a very sweet dessert made from wheat, cheese, and caramelized sugar with an almond garnish.Finally, the service was great; they even told us that the one dish that they brought a bit late was on the house. And by that time, we were all so stuffed that it didn't matter if it was late; it went right into a take-home box.
Disappointing pretty much sums it up. I wanted Mousakhan, but they were sold out. Really how can you be out? Dinner just started. My friend, TA, was thinking they were out at lunch because as she was waiting for the belated me to arrive, no one else ordered that item. Being able to accurately calculate the inventory of food and doing the prep work is very important in any restaurant, and this restaurant failed. Super disappointed, we settled for a Combination Plate substituting a lamb kabab for another chicken. So we have 2 kababs of chicken and 1 beef supposedly. Very gamey beef lead TA to think it was lamb. Was so gamey that I stopped after my one and only piece. Chicken wasn't too dry. Long grain rice was very loose - grain by grain unlike the medium grains I'm used to. Qudsiah was all we probably needed for a full stomach and the pita. It had carbs from the pita, protein from all the beans, and fat from the olympic-sized pool of olive oil. It was well seasoned. And yes, we didn't finish. The pita was warm then as it cooled as we sat and talked, it got harder and harder. The highlight I must say were the complementary garlic sauce and a spicy tomato salsa. Those were the only 2 items we finished. Service was inattentive. The waitress walked right pass a few times and didn't pay attention to the water levels of diners and TA's glass didn't have a single drop of water in there. Took quite awhile to receive bill as well.
First I should talk about my latest experience which really deserves half a Star one star would signify that they tried, but they claimed that there would be a large private parties so they could not even allow one person to enter their establishment this said person was most likely going to order to go anyway there was a very suspicious thing that was going on here this was about 9:35 at night 9:45 at night, and to allow a large private party that would last probably for a while is a little suspicious and looking at the other reviews I saw that they enjoyed to pack up a little early any way, and I had some suspicions that they either denied me entrance because I was blind or that they were simply closing up so at 9:50 at night I had to decide on what to do, because obviously I don't know how to cook and also the fact that I was already about 2 miles away from home I was trying to remember why I went out to the mission for the food any way, some reason I thought of it and decided to come all the way out here, I remember that chicken sandwich I had was decent at least, and it was a pretty good portion and I thought I would get at least one of those, but the kabob plate I have must not have been that great since I don't really remember it, and like I said I don't quite know exactly why I came out here again I stay up in the Panhandle area, so quite far I also distinctly remember the service being on and off friendly certain people there especially at the takeout counter was kind of impatient and not very friendly and not very good at explaining what kind of food they have after a little bit of a struggle and after somebody said you better order soon because we're closing soon, I finally ordered my food to go, at least this is what I remembered. I came here all because, at least the first time, a fairly friendly old man from Israel told me this place served good Israeli or Palestinian food
I had lunch with my wife and we ordered Shish Taouk, Kifta Kabab, and the vegetarian combo, including some tasty Kunafa. Everything was delicious; my daughter loved the vegetarian combo once we got it home. It is always a pleasure when I can find time to sit and eat at the Old Jerusalem since the staff has always been friendly and eager to provide good service.
Best Falafel wrap in town, but It does not travel well. So eat it at the restaurant and do not take it to go.
instead of my usual burrito, i ventured further down mission street and found this gem. the chicken schawarma was excellent and full of flavor. I think i've found my new favorite med fix!
I was craving falafels last night so me and my homie decided to fulfill the need. He suggested this spot since he claims he's been to almost every falafel spot (riiiiiiiiiiiight) in the city. I said, what the heck! So we go out to the Mission and the rain isn't letting up. Luckily we find parking, even though we don't exactly know where the joint is, and end up walking about half a block...in the rain. I ain't complaining, just sayin'. We get there and the place has an nice homey feel. Looks like it's been there for a while, a nice, local joint. It was pretty crowded for a Monday evening. Lot's of families having dinner. That's a good sign. The waitress was really pleasant and attentive, which is always a good thing. Since I wasn't really craving nothing but falafels, that's all I got. They were good and filling. I would definitely come back.
This place is AMAZING. Having traveled around much of the Middle East I can attest that Old Jerusalem is about as close to authentic as you can get. Everything I've had has been mouth-watering, but two things come to mind right now: the coffee is probably the most unique and sensational coffee ever (freshly brewed with a variety of wild spices and a light sweetness) and another dish, I can't recall the name, which consists of chopped lamb pieces served over a warm bowl of delicious humus!
I was on my lunch break and one of my co-workers recommended this place. Once he said the words "hummus and falafel" my mouth led me to this place. I lived in Israel for a few months so I crave good hummus and falafel. I ordered the falafel roll, and I'm used to pita but this bread is a little different but really good. They wrap it up for you, with falafel, hummus and vegetables, and I added spicy sauce. The whole wrap was around $7, not too bad, and it was a pretty good size. I saw on the menu that they have a bunch of different types of hummus so I definitely want to come back to try them with friends.
HANDS DOWN BEST HUMMUS IN THE CITY! I love, love, love this place. Old Jerusalem is singularly responsible for making me love Middle Eastern food.Every single thing on the menu is divine, and they are really inexpensive too!Also-- once again-- the best hummus you will ever have outside of the Middle East.
This place is incredible. I haven't been here in two years but I fantasize about having a job so I can justify eating at restaurants again--specifically at this restaurant. Came here with a Palestinian friend and we both agreed it was a two thumbs up type of place. Great hummus. tasty olives. Tender beef and lamb. Deliciousness all around.
The falafel sandwiches are awesome, the service is good - sometimes great, and the pita is yummy but the salads, baba ganoush and chicken are just alright for me. I'd be more excited if they had raisins in their lovely saffron rice or some variation in the flavors of the salads. I love middle eastern food but I like a little more variation - a touch of sweet with my salty sours.
The pita brought to start was simply heavenly. The veggie combo was more than enough to share with 3 kinds of dips, 2 falafels, roasted eggplant and cauliflower (served very cold but it totally worked), salad, and lemon. It was a great combination of temperatures, textures and tastes. Memories of my teen trip to Israel (what what Koret '98!), minus the hookas and condoms, flooded in.The Man devoured his shawarma but neither of us really touched the soggy fries. They were out of place amongst the authentic feast. We felt foolish having ordered them. It was a little pricier than Jerusalem in the mid '90s but then again the portions were super-sized.Minus one start for odd service: at one point my water was refiled but The Man's empty gas was not. We had to ask a couple of times for more water but it was a full house.
The Bay's Mediterranean food has some difficulty keeping up with, say, New York's, but this place is among the best in the region. Absolutely superb lamb shawarma, and some of the richest and most delicious hummus you'll ever find. I strongly recommend getting a lamb shawarma plate with half rice, half hummus, for an extraordinary convergence of flavors!
best humus ever!
Love the chicken shawarma w/ hummus. olives & bread are great too.A little funky looking, but otherwise a great place for a long, chatty meal.
I like this place. The lamb plate is my favorite, the lamb is so juicy. I love making little pita sandwiches out of the hummus and sticking lamb in it. And they're super cool, once I got there starving after they were closed and they sold me hummus, even though the kitchen was closed. The only downsides: the olives in the dishes are no good (everything else is super tastey!), and it's a little bit pricey.Overall, I'm definitely a fan.
Hands down the best Hummus/Kebabs in SF. My go-to place for quality, fast and overall great Mediterranean food. Service is always fast - i love that as soon as you order, they bring you pita and some dipping sauces. Favorites include the Hummus plate with Shawarma on top and the Chicken shish kebabs. The Falafel is nothing to be shy about as well. Sure, parking isn't great, but in the evening there's usually no problem finding parking.
You know it's a great hole in the wall when you can smell the cooking from the street. It seems as though every time I've gone there, we've ordered way too much and end up with stomachs on the verge of exploding. Although I wouldn't consider the portions large, they're tasty and fill you up like good comfort food should. An Israeli friend of mine can't get enough of the place because it reminded him of home, and that says a lot.The hummus is excellent; have it in the vegetarian combo plate, easily serving 2 or more. For out of the ordinary dessert, have the kunafa. One is plenty for 2 to share. Wash it down with their mint tea.
Good falafel and schwarma. Cheap too!!
adore this restaurant! i eat here regularly and i always leave happy.the food is constantly amazing - i've made my way around most of the menu and i can't think of one thing i wouldn't recommend. i will say that the portions are large. my boyfriend and i usually share an entree and an appetizer and we always have left overs.
The restaurant is in a narrow space, but it didn't feel cramped. The murals on the walls create a nice atmosphere. Service was prompt and good.I got the vegetarian sampler plate which is large. It was delicious! My only complaint is that there was a whole lot of olive oil drizzled over everything on the plate. I like olive oil, but maybe not in such large quantities. I'd recommend asking them to go easy with the olive oil.
I eat at this restaurant several times per week. My mother is Palestinian and their food is authentic. I love their Hummus. A little heavy on the tumeric in some of their chicken dishes, but hey tumeric is a super healthy cancer fighting food. The service is pleasant. The restaurant is cheap because the emphasis is on the food. Decor and seating is average but the food is superb. Eat at this place and you shall enjoy it.
I was born and raised in Saudi Arabia and trust me, my standards in Mediterranean food is freakin high! This store met my standards.You HAVE to try their lamb - any dish that has lamb! Try their coffee too. It's awesome!I love this place! It makes me feel like I'm back home...
The Shish Taouk Sandwich was amazing!!!!  And their portions are huge!!!
Really good shawerma sandwich and good falafel. I'll be back.
Dinner at Old Jerusalem was one of the worst experiences I've had in a long time. Just vile. Cold cauliflower, reheated falafel, and a laughable chicken shwarma. It was cubes of chicken or maybe cat food - I'm sure they know shwarma is made on a spit, and then slices are shaved off. It was pretty nervy to serve such a vile rendition of Middle Eastern food. Everything else was just boring. Anyone who thinks this is good has no idea how delicious Middle Eastern food is.
Yum and double Yum Yum.After realizing that I had not partaken in a full Middle Eastern meal in a while, I went here with a Palestinian friend. I figure if he'll eat here . . .I had the mean combo and it was very good. Hummus, Good.Meat, Good.Dessert, FREAKING AWESOME.Turkish Coffee, still awake three days later.Lunch or dinner, give it a try!
After several additional visits, I have decided to dock you a star. Your service is rather inattentive. Everything else remains the same.
Since moving to SF from NYC I've been missing some solid, basic Mediterranean food and I've found it here. I've gotten the hummus with meat a couple of times and always satisfied. The complimentary pita bread, sauces and pickled vegetables are delicious and plentiful. I have also had the shwarma wrap--also excellent. Prices are reasonable too. I highly recommend.
Like the food here alot. Just the right amount of spices especially the combo with different kind of meats. We also ordered a sandwich too and that was excellent. I enjoyed the lamb over hummus. Delish!
I've now been three times and this is the best Mediterranean food that I've been able to find in the past 5 years in San Francisco. I first got the recommendation from a Lebanese taxi driver. The shwarma and falafel are very good. I can't remember the name of that incredible red cheese desert but it should be on everyone's foodie bucket list. Trust me, it tastes WAY better than it looks....just try it.
I'll definitely come back, after eating there for my family's New Year's Eve dinner last night. I'm a fan of Middle Eastern food, having traveled to Israel, so the meal was pretty close to the real thing. My family ordered: qudsiah (delicious!!), falafel plate of 6, two stuffed falafels, shawarma, chicken shawarma, and kifta kabab. All of us really liked the chicken shawarma, it was moist, tender, and flavorful, while we could've done without kifta kabab.  The pita kept coming and that stuffed us completely.  Next time I'll order less for a group of 5, and the food is best shared with others :)
Interesting experience with the food. My lamb..not good, friend's lamb..great. Entrees, pretty good, complimentary appetizers at the beginning, really tasty. Other than that, the chicken and the beef were solid. Also the carrot and goat cheese (?) dessert is definitely worth trying. If only for the experience of trying something you wouldn't otherwise experience. Decent place, you won't miss out by not going but you'll have a positive enough experience if you do.
AMAZING falafel! Dirt cheap too (only 50 cents). When I came here, I got 6 and also tried one of the stuffed falafel. The regular falafel were so deliciou that they didn't need the additional stuffing to be tasty or moist.Also, the warm pita and yummy sauces enhanced the experience. I really liked dipping the falafel in the green yogurt sauce.The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because the service was a bit slow. I definitely want to come back and have the chicken schwarma or falafel sandwich when I'm more in the mood.
One of the best bargains for Arabic food you will find in the City! My boyfriend and I ate there on a busy Friday night and had the meza along with the kebabs, which were delicious. Even though the place was very busy we had great service and got our food quickly. Will definitely go back!
Old Jerusalem is my fave middle eastern restaurant in SF.For one, their hummus is divine. They also have another variety of hummus made out of fava beans, which I'd never had before coming here and it's even better than the traditional version. I had chicken shwarma over rice. The chicken was fantastically moist and soft and the rice was well-flavored too. My lady had the vegetarian combo. She couldn't say enough about the falafel. Service was extraordinarily attentive and friendly -- the guy felt like our new BFF. Tip: It's only a few blocks from El Rio and is a great after-drinks stop!
Great Shawarma and Falafel, I've always had unbelievably good service here. The place is a little hole in the wall, but well-decorated and clean. I'm really picky about the texture of my hummus, and this is one of the few places I've found in SF that makes it the way I like it. I'm here at least once every couple weeks.
Decent eats at decent prices...definitely didn't wow me at all but then I've had a lot of Mediterranean food in my time. Sensed that the server was annoyed when I asked for more of something...not cool.
The place is easy to pass up , but worth the u turns. Came here at night around 9 the place was pretty busy. They have All middle eastern food, halal and the works! Order the kebab plates recommended, they also have several ethnic desserts other than baklava. Nice mural, friendly staff, heated pita gratis, and nice mint tea.
Jerusalem dishes up some of the best Israeli/Palestinean food we've found outside of Israel. We love the way they serve little salads and olives and other pickled things and great fresh spongy pita. You can smell the lamb from about 50 ft away. My boyfriend is Israeli so we're sort of connoisseurs about this sort of food and we really like it. The restaurant itself is pretty small with a simple set of tables and a waitstaff of two. It's very casual and definitely ok for kids.
The food is delicious here! Best hummus I've had on the west coast by far, the chicken is spiced wonderfully and the olives taste real and fresh. The service is very friendly and efficient, the music is middle eastern dance party, and the price is right. Love this treat in the mission.
Great middle eastern place! Everytime my wife and I are in the Bay Area we make it a point to stop by Old Jerusalem. To be frank, its the only place in the city where I actually eat any meat dish as no other place would compare (either in price or satisfaction). So if you're in the city and have some time, stop by and grab a late lunch. We usually split the lentil soup and the combination platter (beef, chicken and lamb). Enjoy!
This is becoming one of my favorite restaurants in the city. Even when they are crowded you never have to wait long, the food is amazing and cheap. They make their own pitas, it's worth visiting for those alone. My only complaint is sometimes it takes a while to get the bill.
Should have asked for my kifta kabab sandwich to be spicy! I added the spicy sauce that came separately - and wow. Super good. Fresh hummus, tastes like there is butter in it because it is so smooth, delicious, and lingers in the mouth.The coffee is wonderfully aromatic. Do not expect an itsy bitsy cup. Very friendly staff.
I'm no expert when it comes to this kind of cuisine, but I just hada late lunch here this afternoon and after dining have to say that my palate was educated. Everything seemed so authentic and perfectly prepared. The combination kebobs were an excellent choice. The kunafa (made with cheese) was the most exotic and different dessert that I've had in years. I was told that it has quite a following.The service was fantastic and the waitress was so sweet and a real cutie too! I like this place! :)If you're in the mood, I highly recommend Old Jerusalem.
I really love this restaurant. I came here once with a Palestinian friend of mine who said this place was pretty authentic and delicious. I couldn't vouch for the authenticity part but I knew that it was incredible. I had the Moulokhia which was great. I kind of want to show up on a Friday for the Kufta ('cause i'm ALL about the Kufta) The Qudisah and Fatta are out of this world and they give you a massive plate of pickles, garlic dip, and unlimited basket of pita bread. The absolute best thing here however is the stuffed falafel. Crispy, fresh falafel with onions and pine nuts in the middle of it is just absolutely perfect in every way. The service is great as well. I hung out here for a long time waiting for other friends to show up and they didn't care. They were still really kind, cordial, and kept bringing us plates of pita. All in all a fantastic place.
It was authentic, that is, if you consider Tsetse flies authentic.I wish it was more, but it wasn't.There are better options in the Mission not that far out.
Another over rated yelp find. Do these people have their friends and family five star them?I ordered the Kifta Sandwich and an order of the baba Ghannoush. The sandwich was $7.50 and had almost no meat in it, all vegetables. The Baba Ghannoush was ok but much too small for the price of $6.95 and covered with too much olive oil.Both Items were over priced and only so-so quality.
I love this place. It's delicious! The falafals are the best in the city. The lamb kebab dish is amazing. Highly recommend this place.
Unlike any other place I've seen in SF. Delicious, fresh food. Amazingly friendly young staff and tasty, great value food. It's not Boulevard, but great for a midweek dinner after a walk in the Mission.
Great small local restaurant. Loved the hummus, shawarma, and jerusalem salad.
seems like I'm on a 4 star jag here but this place is great! I LOVE their hummus. It's probably the best hummus I have had in my adult life and I don't want to know what's in it. The mousakka chicken is great and the wraps are pretty good. But it's amazing how powerful fresh pita and good hummus can be at 9 pm on a weekday! I have seen execs in there with laptops working which I can appreciate - it's totally unpretentious, the food is just great, and you really do feel like you've stepped out of san francisco into some exotic mediterranean market.
Hands down my favorite restaurant in the city. The hummus makes me so very happy. So does the excellent lentil soup, the baba ganoush, the falafel wrap and the tasty dip they give you just for coming in. Everything makes me full and puts me in a gentle food coma. Even though the service is occasionally real slow, even though there are no refills on my soda, I just don't care. I love you Old Jerusalem. very much.
I met the owner of Old Jerusalem at Samiramis where I was looking for ingredients to make kunafa since giving up on finding a restaurant that served this pastry. He helped me find what I needed (even though he didn't work at this establishment) and then let me know that he served kunafa at his restaurant just a few spots down from this market. I love it! Kifta Kabab, shish taouk, fetta with meat, falafel, celaya tea, and kunafa are very tasty.
I walked past this unassuming storefront and then noticed it was completely full at 8:30 on a Sunday evening so walked back and tried it out. I got the veg sampler, and each item was literally bursting with flavor - each had a distinct blend of spices and each left a nice after taste in my mouth. Best meal I have had in SF (and that includes 4 star restaurants!).
Another Yelper and I came here for the first time yesterday. The food was good--and cheap!--and the service was very attentive. I liked the hummus thing we got (it was hummus plus something else), but the absolute best part of the meal was this light-green stuff. I have no idea what it was, but it was delicious.I can tend to be pretty picky about Middle Eastern food because I'm Armenian and I've had (and avoided) a lot of this stuff since I was a little kid, and while I liked the food, it didn't blow me away like these hole-in-the-wall places often do. And it is a hole in the wall. If you're trying to impress a date, make sure she's the kind who's impressed by the fact that you know about this place and not by really fancy chairs, tables, and napkins. Actually, do yourself a favor and don't date girls who are impressed by all that stuff.So I'll definitely come back, but not before I've tried other Middle Eastern places I haven't been to.
When I used to go to NY for trade shows, I would always eat lunch at a Middle Eastern place near Pier 92. It was a total hole in the wall just off 10th Avenue, but it was super cheap and OMG, the food there was SO GOOD. One day, my 4th day straight of having a falafel pita for lunch, the owner, a taciturn man who could out-scowl the Soup Nazi and who until then had taken my orders and money with barely a grunt, looked at me bemusedly across the counter and asked "Are you hooked on falafel?"Yes. Yes, I was hooked on falafel. I considered having a t-shirt made saying so.Anyway, my whole point of bringing up that story is to give this review some context. While I didn't enjoy the falafel sandwich I had here *quite* as much as the one in New York, it was still really good. And huge! Warning: do not attempt to try to eat the whole thing yourself. Take the other half to go, or better yet, share it with a friend and split some other yummy thing on the menu. You also get free sides - picked jicama (I think?) and olives. And it's super cheap - all this for seven bucks.The folks I was with all had a variety of tasty looking dishes. This is definitely a good place to try lots of new things.
Such tasty food as you haven't had since you were back at grandma's. Heaps of it! Surrounded by little plates of sauces and dips and an endless cascade of warm pita. I've tried so many new favorites here.The meat I've had is always fresh and juicy, but I don't get it delivered --I step right into the cozy room with the Old City murals and join the friendly staff and the delighted families in the celebration of yumminess. Why you gotta run so fast? This is a place to enjoy in person, to cherish, and bring all your friends.
LOVE this place..Food is awesome ! specially love the kunafa desert!
Best Mediterranean in town, the hummus and ba ba ganush are awesome. Really nice grilled veggies and stuffed falafel. The meats are great as well. I'm docking one point for the cleanliness of the place. Sure it's a dive... but really, hygiene is a basic food prep/consumption prereq.
Authentic and delicious. Huge portions. The veggie combo platter has all the dips and salads you could wish for and the lamb shwarma is succulent. Low on ambiance, high on tasty food.
Good authentic food. The whole time we were there Nancy Ajram was being played in the joint, which was fun for the bf and I. 1 star is taken away because the waitress forgot some of the food we ordered (which turned out for the better since we ended up getting a to-go box for what food we did receive.) According to my falafel "expert" bf, best falafel he's ever tasted!
best hummus i've had. oh, there's a dessert here consisting of shredded wheat, cheese and honey. don't knock it till you've tried it. where are my mediterranian folks at? i've got your back on the shredded wheat biz!i don't come here often because it's in a crap-tastic neighborhood though.
Terrific humas and ethnic foods you can't find elsewhere. The plastic table coverings give it an older feel, but hey, I ain't cleaning the tables so if it works for him then it is ok with me.
Bar none, the finest falafel in the city today!
I've lived in the Middle East for a good portion of my life. While this restaurant is run by people from the Middle East, the food does not match up.The houmos is the standard, bland American watered-down version. The felafel lacks freshness. The pita bread is store bought and stale. If you're American and have not done any traveling in the Middle East, I'm sure you'll love this place. If not, don't waste your money.
I love Old Jerusalem. I am vegetarian so I have not tried any of the meat dishes here. I highly recommend the Qudsiah (a mixture of ful and hummus). The baba ganoush, hummus, and ful are also delicious as is the endless supply of piping hot pita. I also like the pickled turnips (I think they are turnips?), the olives and sauces that are served at the beginning. I also love that this gem is located in this neighborhood and that you have to walk through the kitchen to get to the bathroom. It is the quintessential amazing "hole-in-the-wall" type of place.
Who's afraid of a little 26th & Mission action? Everything between La Taqueria and El Rio may be labeled "Here Be Dragons" on just about any Mission Map, but it'd be a shame to overlook Old Jerusalem, a classic shoebox joint with wood-paneling, murals, bargain prices and humongous portions. And free baskets of soft, piping-hot pita promptly refilled by the friendly server. Now that's what I'm talking about.And if you're tired of the same-old falafel, hummus and kebabs, they have some unique specials, like the Jew's Mallow Soup, a puree of some green plant with lamb chunks (and at $11.50, the most expensive thing on the menu). Seemed very authentic (and healthy), but with the unusual texture and subtle flavor I recommend it for the epi-curious only.The secret must be somewhat out, too, because this place actually had a few people waiting at the peak of dinner rush, unenviable location notwithstanding. When this block is inevitably gentrified, I'll look back fondly at the gritty glory days of Old Jerusalem.
What I love about Yelp is that everyone has an opnion, but that is what I hate about Yelp sometimes too. Old Jerusalem is a great restaurant. I was so excited about adding my 2 cents, but when I click on the reviews my jaw dropped. Someone wrote, "Oily hummus" and someone else added, "After having spent days in the real life Old Jerusalem, I find myself with the experience to say that this place does not fit the bill. " Who the crap are these yelpers?!? How can they be so wrong? I am sorry but it upsets me.1. The owner, Mohammad is one of the nicest people I have ever met.2. The hummus is some of the best EVER3. I don't even like tahini but I can eat it at Old Jerusalem and not even notice - it is just that good!4. It is the more traditional Arabic food in SF, not like the Americanized version you find at Truly Med. or Ali Baba's5. When you order things like hummus you get perks like olives, fresh hot pita, hot onion chutney and turnip pickles6. The falafel sandwich comes automatically with grilled eggplant (what they call deluxe at Truly Med and charge more for)7. The olive oil everyone else on Yelp seems to be complaining about is a higher grade oil, it is traditional to have oil with hummus and it is good for you8. The falafel balls are crisp, fresh and wonderfully yummyAnyways, the place is good so please try it. :)
Yes, I am partly in love with this place because how can you not love the entire planet with a Care Bear intensity that would destroy even the most gruesome baddie when the weather is THIS NICE. Nothing hits the spot after guzzling down bear at Zeitgeist than the heady ambrosia of spicy hummus and savory lamb.The Saturday special screams buttery goodness. I have zero idea if the food is authentic, and I also couldn't care less. Does food have to be authentic to be good? I mean, hello, good food is just freakin' GOOD. And Old Jerusalem makes it GREAT--the lamb was still bleating it was so tender. Is that too graphic?I can't wait to come back to these heaping portions, heavenly spices, and faster-than-lightning service.The only drawback is that they don't serve alcohol. That means your only option is to come drunk and leave bloated. No skimpin'!
What can I say about this place, it's wonderful. What a great find! All of the food is freshly made and yummy as could be. Falafel balls are warm and just the right crispyness, The hummas with a little olive oil added is yummy. I normally go with a combination plate so I can try a bit of everything, and it's all good.It is a little pricey compared to similar dishes at other restaurants, but it's worth it. I'd suggest a few more veggies on the plate, other than that the food is great. The staff are friendly and remember regular customers, they always say "hi" and seem happy to be there. If you like real middle eastern food this is the place to go.
So far, any place with the word "old" in the name of the restaurant has suited me pretty well. Thanks to a couple of my friends, I had the direct pleasure of meeting this place with a warm and very hungry stomach.I can't speak too much about this place 'cause I've only been here once, but I yearn to go back each time I drive past it on Mission St. Our chicken plates were pretty tasty and the portions were just right. The kunafa is prepared slightly different than the way GFC makes it. Less sweet and not as crusty and crunchy (but good nonetheless). I may have to revise this in the future...but for now, please try it and try the dessert.Eat here!
I really wanted to like this place and would have, if it wasn't for the food.Really nice and attentive staff earn this place two stars. The chicken and lamb kababs were horribly dry and flavorless. The hummus tasted like Tahini and was probably the worst i have ever had. We had to salt the salad and squeeze lots of lemon all over to make the food palatable.I was very disappointed and won't be going back.
The falafal was good. everything else, including the service, was meh.
WOW we really like this place!! Old Jerusalem never fails to impress us!!Everything we ate smelled so good and tasted delicious.Here are some of the things we tried:-Hummus with the 2 dips. WOW very fresh!! Seemed like it came right our of the oven! One of the dips is really spicy so be careful...-Falafel was crunchy and very tasty-Falafel wrap was okay...-Mousakhan is our fave!! They gave us a big, juicy piece of chicken with onions and hummus underneath it. Big portions and very very very yummy!!!!!!!!!!!! You must be careful when eating this because they use a special combination of oil + spices and other stuff (which makes the food smell and taste nice) and that creates stains which are difficult to get rid of if you get some of it on your clothes.-Combination plate was good too. The pieces of meat were bursting with flavor and the rice........ OMG THE RICE!!!!!!!!!!! It had this sweet, beautiful fragrant smell. We're addicted to it!!!!!!!!!!!Service was very friendly and quick. A friend left his card in the restaurant and the people who worked there were honest and kept his card for a while...The food is great and definitely worth the price. Highly recommended!!
I really wanted to like this place -- especially after the glowing recommendation on Scout Mob -- but nothing I had was good. Everything lacked flavor. The Mousakhan chicken was bland and dry. It tasted like it had been sitting in a warm oven hours drying out. The tomatoes in the Arabic Salad were translucent, hard and devoid of flavor. Even the flatbread with sweet onions, roasted pine nuts and deep-red-sumac was flavor free. We were afraid to order anything else and left. Maybe it was off day or we ordered poorly but there are too many other places serving flavorful food to bother with going back.
mmmmmmmm
Fell in love with this place today -- hooray for olives and turnip pickles. And the pita bread is so good.I had the baked kufta which is the Friday special...very good, came with rice. Generous portion, probably meant for two people. : )And indeed it is so nice to walk back to the register to pay instead of getting the check at the table.Definitely coming back and trying everything on the menu.
When I crave Middle Eastern food, this is where I go. It's run by Palestinians from Jerusalem and frequented by Israeli's and Arabs alike looking for a taste of home. They come from all over the Bay Area to eat here. They are famous for the kanufa, a dessert that is sweetened with honey. Be sure to save room for a piece along with the Arabic coffee. Just remember, the coffee takes time to make. It's not for people in a big rush.I first went there on a Christmas Eve, a cold night , very tired and alone. There were no empty tables, so I was invited to share a table with a Palestinian from East Bay who guided me through the menu and recommended his favorite dishes. I started with a soup that was considered a restorative and so it was. I crave fried food when I am exhausted and the stuffed falafel was perfect. I had order a grilled lamb platter but was already full and asked for it to go. I took a break outside while waiting for my coffee to be brewed and had a fascinating conversation with a large group of young, boisterous Israelis also from East Bay. One had guarded Rachel's tomb. We talked about Bethlehem and how long it took to ride to Jerusalem then and now. It depends on the donkey, one joked. It was all serious and full of serious joking. I told them I was on my way to midnight mass at Mission Dolores. What was so special about this night they asked. It all seemed just right. It was the place to be on a cold Christmas Eve. That's the kind of place it is. I joked with the owners that they had saved me air fare to Jerusalem to celebrate the birth of Christ. The walls are painted with murals of the Holy City. The food was excellent and service hospitable and accommodating. I had lots of leftovers for the holidays. The coffee was served redolent with cardamom and takes a while to prepare, but worth the wait. That and the kanufa paired well, a satisfying finish to a satisfying meal.I went back with a group of friends which included a hypercritical preteen. It was her favorite restaurant. She and her mom were regulars. Once again, great hospitality and food. No complaints. Only in San Francisco kind of place. Save yourself some air fare and take a trip to a bit of Jerusalem down in the Mission. It's an out-of -time, out-of place experience.
Placed a to go order without looking at their menu (no one has posted it here!). Got hummus and felafel. The hummus was OK, the felafel was reeeal good. Their sauces (green sauce and red onion sauce) were really delicious. I hope to be back soon to try some of their other dishes!
I don't know what to say about the reveiwer that claims that the pita bread is like wonderbread; obviously they have not had authentic arabic food. The pita bread is really really fresh. It does not taste like it has been sitting around all day in a plastic bag. I am 1/2 Lebonese and this place is the closest to my Sitoo's (Grandma's) cooking that I have ever had in San Francisco. The hummus is NOT bland and the olive oil is NOT cheap, it is a grassy olive oil which usually means it is of a higher quality. Their stuffed falafals are my favorite to order; they are moist inside and filled with pinenuts, and they are nice and crispy on the outside.Truly Med is not authentic; it's American-Middle-Eastern food, much like the American-Mexican burrito joints; they are NOT authentic either.Old Jerusalem is a traditional Middle-Eastern Restaraunt not to be compared with Falafal joints.
I grew up eating kabobs, shwarma, falafel and humus in a community with some of the best Middle Eastern food in the States. Up until now I haven't found anything that even comes close. I'll be back to Old Jerusalem. Often! It's as authentic and delicious as it gets.
Delicious, platter was big enough for dinner and lunch the next day
For a Pali family this place takes the cake. This place serves REAL Authentic Palestinian style dishes. They make everything close to the way we do at home, with out the mess. Love their plates. And for those who don't understand quality Arabic food from a can from Cheap Hummus, then ya should just move along. They even have real dishes like Fasoulia, Bamya, Mensaf, and Mulkeykia. Plus KANAFA, like they do it back in the M.E. YUMMY!!!
This place is absolutely incredible. The environment is awesome (I really like traveling in the Middle East so the music is always cool to listen to) but the food is what it's all about. Their hummus is bomb, if they sold it in a supermarket I'd buy the whole stock. I had the shawarma and it was great, especially when mixed with the sauces they provide and the hummus. Pretty much, if you like Middle Eastern food, you have to go to Old Jerusalem. Oh, and the staff is awesome and super nice too. I could eat this stuff all day, I can't wait to go back.
I was just in Israel, visiting family. That's right. I have family in Israel. What's that spell? CREDIBILITY. After having spent days in the real life Old Jerusalem, I find myself with the experience to say that this place does not fit the bill. For one thing, they're going to need a lot more stalls selling crap made in China and old men smoking hookas and playing dominoes. And that doesn't even touch on the grubby children trying to sell you twigs and yelling their only English: "give me money!". Also: stations of the cross? Hello?Atmosphere aside, the food here does not live up to the expectations to which the name gives rise. The falafel is decent but nothing more. That they wrap their sandwiches in dry, brittle lavash almost makes me cry after having had lovely fresh laffa and pita. It's really inexplicable given that the pita here is quite decent. Hummus is tolerable but it's so easy to make really good hummus that anything less is a severe disappointment. I think that's the trend for the entire restaurant. Nothing I've had is bad, exactly, but it's simple food that lives or dies by its seasonings. With such a small margin between great and boring, there should be more here that's great. In the Old CIty this place would be on the low side of average, knocked down a spot by the poor wrap bread. I recommend the proprietors take a trip home and remember how it's done.
This little hole in the wall was great. My husband and I shared the Vegetarian combo plate, and for $14 is was a ridiculously large amount of food. It came with a plate of olives that could not possibly have been finished, and a never-ending basket of fresh pita bread. Everything was fresh and delicious. It's not the best falafel I've ever had, but it's the best I've had in San Francisco.
Its being a long time but finally I've found a proper Hummus joint in the SF bay area. The salads the were fantastic and were properly served as part of the meal. The Shawarma was brilliant couldn't get much more authentic than this.Parking isn't ideal on a Sunday afternoon so take notice.Definitely will come again and again and again....
After moving to the neighborhood a couple of months ago, we tried Old Jerusalem on a Friday night. Then we went back two days later, then a week later, the week after that ... you get the picture.This place is tremendous! I love love love the Chicken Shawerma and the Kiska Kabob sandwich. And the lamb is delicious. Portions are very generous.Hands down the best middle eastern food I've ever had. I don't know anything about authenticity, but when it tastes this good, I don't rightly care.
THIS is one of my favorite Mediterranean places so far in the city.Yes, even though they only had a few veggie options on the menu, I'm still loving it. Every dish came with three side dishes (parsley salad, olives/beats, and something) so it seemed that even the baba ganoush appetizer was a meal. Also, Old Jerusalem had THE best falafels- crunchy, hot and perfect.The place was small and packed, but the service was friendly and attentive. Our waitress patiently explained every item we ordered which made trying some new dishes a lot less intimidating.For the price, good service and great food easy 4 stars!
The Charming Foreigner and I used to frequent Old Jerusalem because the food is quite authentic. Secretly, I left each time with a stomach ache but the food is admittedly tasty. No one else we dined with would get stomach aches as far as I know. The last time we ate their food, I was disappointed. If I had written this review before then, I would have probably given them 4 stars for authenticity (minus the one for my stomach aches). Unfortunately, we decided to order take out from Old Jerusalem for dinner one night when we had guests over. We ordered a lot of food, including hummus. We were charged about $7 per hummus order, and when we came home, I saw that each order of hummus came in a tiny, half empty plastic tub - consisting of approximately two heaping tablespoons. I actually thought this must be complimentary hummus that goes with each order, and that they forgot to include the hummus we ordered, because the amounts were so stingy. I even called them to inquire whether there had been a mistake. I was told those little tubs were our actual hummus orders. I explained that the tubs were small and not even filled. I was assured that there was no mistake. Our guests were appalled that we paid so much for such stingy servings, and in the end, the hummus was barely touched because no one wanted to feel like they took too much of something that was offered in such limited amounts. Sigh. I recommend dining in if you want to eat Old Jerusalem's food. The servings are heaping and generous. I look poorly upon establishments that take advantage of take out customers by downsizing portions, and would strongly recommend not ordering their take out.
i came here because i heard the falafel was the best in the city.i think it might be true.the actual falafel balls are dreamy. perfectly spiced, perfectly crispy on the outside. but basically the sandwich isn't even in my top 10 falafel sandwiches. their hummus is ok and they messed up my order (i asked for no pickles!!!). but the falafel...mmmm....next time i'm just getting a plate of that. also tried the stuffed falafel--filled with onions and pine nuts. so delicious.the other amazing part is the thick, pillowy warm pita they bring out when you sit down, the tahini with the freshest parsley in the universe, and the "turkey" sauce. i almost projectile vomited when i asked what the sauce was called after i had already eaten an entire bowl. but rest assured, turkey is a misnomer. it is only tomato sauce with some chunky onions and jalapenos. spicy and delicious. basically, order a plate of falafel and gorge on the pita and dipping sauces.  not the cheapest falafel in town but a must-try for true aficionados.
Impressive. Outside looked sketch but hey what do you expect? It's not in the fanciest neighborhood. But once I walked inside, I immediately felt safe from the hootin' & hollerin' from the streets. The walls were decorated with cute paintings, making me feel like I was gonna see Jesus in the town of Jerusalem. Service was good. I mean, I had to walk through the kitchen to get to the bathroom and I was greeted by the cooks with a smile & a welcome? Normally the people just stare at you creepily (cough - AI sushi) But the bathroom was sketch. And you know me, not that big of a fan of those. Nevertheless, food was great. I ordered the combination plate and my two friends ordered one of the sandwiches and the taouk. All of the dishes were uniquely delicious in their own way. The rice was light and perfectly seasoned. Sandwich was huge and very filling. And my combination plate's chicken was especially tender and with the hummus, it couldn't get any better. My beef was a bit burnt, but it's alright though. I wish I could've tried the coffee that so many people mentioned. But oh well, always next time! This was just another place to add to my ongoing phase of Mediterranean/Middle-Eastern food.
Eh.  Just Eh...The service made it a little less then "eh". We asked for the bill....and waited...and put on our jackets...and waited....stacked our plates...and waited some more. Finally we just put some money on the table and left.  The "waiter" found a way to help everyone but us. There was time to bus tables for the nonexistent people in line but no time to take our order, refill our water, or bring our check.  On the plus side, the appetizers that they bring to your table are pretty good. The pita isn't hard/stale and the dips were nice and spicy.I had a lamb sandwich--and it was Eh. Lots of filler, very little meat (and the meat it did have was chewy). My man had a chicken plate. Lots (LOTS) of rice and he wasn't too impressed with the chicken.
A very small and very local restaurant that was definitely a great place to have "Euro" food.Once again, this is in those kind of restaurants, that do not use a lot of tricks in order to attract the customers or do not have a fancy room that you know you will have really good food. And at the end of the day the food was really good.Between the three of us we had chicken, lamb and beef. The meet was very well cook. Specially the lamb according to one of my friend who took it. We choose either rice or humus and with the meat and that was a delight.Before our dish arrived, the restaurant gives us some appetizers that came along with the Pita (kind of Arabic bread). Very good too but be careful do leave some room for you main dish ;)We did not try the desserts. Probably next time as we will definitely come back at Old Jerusalem!
The Eastern Mediterranean is perhaps my favorite part of the world. Apart from the occasional bit of sectarian violence, act of terrorism or brutal dictator; the food, people, history and culture of this region are unmatched. Old Jerusalem would be just as happy on a side street in Tel Aviv. In fact I don't think you would find a place this good in Jerusalem anymore. Today a bunch of young men, who could have just come from a Hapoel Tel Aviv match, sat at the table next to me as I plowed through some of the best food in town. This is a great place and a great find.
The food is excellent, very tasty and comes with generous portions. The meat is very flavorful and cooked to perfection . For desert try the kanafeh its wonderful. The service and atmosphere is truly great and will keep me coming back. 5 stars.
I love their food, and they are friendly and welcoming. Their falafel and baba ganoush are truly delicious and affordable.BUT...Their new website looks like Flash vomited all over it. Weird noises, unrelated video, difficult navigation. It's hard to find the food listings. Bring back the old, low-tech website where we could see the menu!
First things first: Your meal comes with a basket full of fluffy and easily stuffed pita, a briny pile of olives, zesty pickled turnips, creamy tahini and chopped parsley dip, and a spicy turkish chili dip with chopped jalapenos.Just add some balls of crunchy but moist inside falafel, a plate of hummus with generous drizzling of olive oil and paprika, or smoky and rich baba ghanoush and you have a satisfying lunch for 4 hungry vegans. When we went our bill came to $6 per person after tip. And they're open till 11pm!
Delicious & authentic with all the right fixens. Tastes like Bay Ridge, Brooklyn.
I haven't eaten here and don't really want to be giving stars... I just wanted to note that this place DOESN'T deliver, even though yelp says it does. So don't get all excited and into the menu and then call for delivery. you will be disappointed.
Falafels were excellent. We got the hummus with lamb, and it was quite tasty. The tabouleh was okay...I think it's just something that my tastebuds don't quite get. The warbat for dessert was good...but there was this strange slightly metallic aftertaste.We ordered "two falafels" expecting two *plates* of 6 falafels each (that's what it said on the menu), but we literally only got two falafels. That was a bit disappointing because that was what I was looking forward to the most.All in all, very clean place. Small and cute. Would go here again for the falafels.
Great food, fast service, great appetizers.  The Arabic and Jerusalem salad were perfect.  I has the shish tawook and it was perfect, it was chicken breast but very tender and juicy, spiced perfectly.  The shish kebab and vegetarian combos are also great. That's what I love about this (and most Middle Eastern) restaurant: you can go in and not eat meat and still have a more than satisfying *hella* good meal. Old Jerusalem restaurant tastes like 100% authentic Palestinian food.
My friend described this place as a hole in the wall, it's not quite that but, it is small, it is cozy, it is sparse, and I guess when you can get a meal for under $20 for dinner, it becomes hole in the wall-ish.I had the Saturday daily special. It was lamb and a tangy yummy soup/sauce? Was it called Mansef? Anyway, it was $13.50 for a big old piece of lamb, rice and that bowl of soup...sauce. It was a whole lotta food. Others in our group had a soup with lamb and a hummus dish. We were talking so much and trying to hear each other over the loud music I got distracted from the food. Turn it down a bit. It was a four-top with an extra chair and I could only easily hear the people sitting right next to me.Before I go off on other things - gotta say loved the Kunafa ($4). BFF said it's like a sweet lasagna. It at least looks like that, but I've never had something like it and absolutely loved it. I was full but couldn't stop eating it it was so good. Other side notes - the bathroom. You gotta go through the kitchen to get to it. I felt like I was breaking the rules going through the kitchen so I walked as fast as I could. I don't really want to see how and where my food is being prepared especially when the place is referred to as a hole in the wall. I got a little too close to the grill too on my way back - man that sucker was hot. There were things I saw but I think I'm trying to block it out. Trash can, food, big piece of meat.......it's all a blur.The other thing - parking. So me and my BFF were running late and I'm thinking ugh, parking in the Mission. But it was 6:30 p.m. on a Saturday. Mission Street was crazy as usual and after we passed a couple of spots we got nervous and crossed over to Valencia. We took the first spot we saw and walked 3 blocks to see 5 spaces right in front of the restaurant. 5 spaces!!!!!! By the time we were done with dinner at 8:30 p.m. all the parking was gone. 5 spaces right in the front of the restaurant. I passed up gold!Overall, good food for a good price, atmosphere is...loud and the bathroom, what more can I say. A visit to the bathroom is an adventure in itself into Old Jerusalem.
When you review a middle eastern restaurant in the US you have to keep in mind that it has to cater to non middle eastern, so keeping that in mind I will give this restaurant a 4 star. First the quality of the food is great! we ordered the lentil soup, and the mixed grill platter. the meat was very tasty, expecially the Kafta. the hummus was good (again to american standards) and the lentil soup was delicious. the bread was different from I am used to (I am lebanese so we eat very thin bread) but it was fresh and warm. We had a really nice meal at the old jerusalem, we didn't try the desserts because I am not much into palestenian kanafa, I prefer the lebanese one. but it looked pretty authentic. Please keep in mind that every country in the middle east has its own cuisine, and spices can be very different from one country to another.
We just went to pick up falafels to go for a snack... it was AMAZING. First time ever having one and I can't wait to go back for dinner!! I can't wait to try more!!!
Food = amazing. Owner = nicest guy ever. Such a great place, I love the vegetarian platter and the chicken shwarma. YUM!
Best falafel in the city! Other dishes are just as good and the service is super friendly. Unfortunately, I can't give it five stars because they don't serve meat.
Very Impressed.I am by no means an expert when it this stuff. But my friend who lived in Saudi Arabia for 11 years says this place is IT when it comes to middle eastern cuisine. And I'd have to agree.For once thing they offer a more focused menu than the standard 'Middle Easter' generic FALAFEL + SHAWERMA fare. For another, everything tastes very fresh. I'm talking freshly baked/ warm pita bread for the hummus-- and while I do appreciate the quick and easy M.E. style eatery (Hello Truly Mediterranean), I like the attention to detail here.The service is excellent, you get the feeling you're visiting a friend's parent's house for dinner. And prices are reasonable, to boot.So yes, I will be back, and soon.
I love this place. The food is great, some of the best fallafel in the city. I'm always amazed at how quickly the food is served and the service isn't bad. We had a very sweet waiter last night, a bit of a language barrier but overall, he did a great job. The atmosphere of the restaurant itself could use some improvement, and the prices could be a bit better but all in all I would happily recommend this place - and join you for dinner!
I LIKE THIS PLACE.Sure, it's not much to look at from the outside, but inside it's cozy enough. And it has some good and authentic Middle Eastern food that isn't dumbed down for us Americans.I think the very tender chicken kebab is a standout, though the shish kebab (lamb) and kefta kebab (ground lamb) are both subtly spiced and better then average. One thing to know: they give out a lot of little appetizer dealies, so bring your appetite.The stuffed felafel was meh -- tasted just like a good felafel, with some tuff in it that didn't add any more personality, really.The kunafa dessert is not for everybody -- it tastes as if they made a gulab jamun out of cheese and flattened it on a plate -- but I enjoyed it. Don't eat one alone, though -- too rich!
Okay, here's the sad thing: my hubby and I went for lunch and I had the falafel sandwich: excellent. We ordered the #10 hummus with chickpeas, lemon and olive oil: off the hook. He ordered a shish kabob sandwich (lamb): it smelled like really, really BAD BREATH! He couldn't eat it, gave him half of mine. It was disgusting. Something in that kitchen is rotting and they are serving it to people. He did tell the counter person and they comped the sandwich. Don't think we'll be going back.
yum!!when you order a sandwich they pre-wrap half of it in tin foil because they are stupid huge. and very yummyi love places that think aheadthe arabic coffee was srtonger than coke, i think i acctually experienced some withdrawl symptoms as i "came down" from it. awesomei love tremor inducing coffee!!i went with a large crowd but i think the hummus and olives were complimentry, if they weren't i would have paid for them
This is definitely the real deal. Mohammed, the server, is the sweetest guy around, and even gave me free appetizers while I waited for my take out.In all, we ordered the falafel sandwich, which was pretty good (a bit too much bread for my liking), Kunafa (middle eastern pastry-- excellent), hummus, Jerusalem salad, shish kafta and potatoes and meat.Everything was great; the fresh homemade pitas are out of this world. The service was super, although if you do go for take out, it's probably best to call ahead and order. I made the mistake of ordering on the spot and it did take a good 20 minutes. The prices have raised here recently, and while it's still reasonable, it's not the cheap eats it once was.
The real deal. Forget Ali Baba's or Trule Med. Both are a joke. If you want REAL middle eastern food come here. Save the others for Mission Hipsters that don't know better, Old Jerusalem is where it is at!Portions are huge, and cheap.
A very low key family run place. They have an amazing hummus, so any hummus dish is amazing, try the hummus with meat.
Ok, probably the best Middle Eastern food I've ever had. Had an amazing shawarma sandwich, which was unbelievable (and even better for leftovers). We also got a plate of 6 falafel, which were the best seasoned, most delicious I've had in years. The waitress was super attentive and because my dining partner ordered a full entree, we got all kinds of apps (lots of pita, a plate of olives, etc.). Will so be back. SO soon. Yum.
If you are looking for 5-star service, I suggest you go somewhere else. They might not be the most hospitable people, but they have good Middle Eastern food. Good hummus, good shawerma, but ohmygod those falafels; best I've had outside of Israel! They also make a great Israeli salad with tahini and mint.
I really loved this place, it totally hit the spot! The food was good, the murals on the wall are really gorgeous and the Palestinian music playing was really cool. Reminded me of wandering around in Israeli markets.We shared a Chicken Shwarma plate that came with pita, hummus, pickled beets (I think that's what they were, whatever they were, they were good!) olives, some kind of yummy super hot sauce with onions and jalepenos, and some kind of flavored hummus (not sure what this was either, it was a green color, and was also good!) A tad different than the shwarma I had in Israel, so it was really a nice surprise.Only downside was that they brought out the chicken and hummus about 10-15 minutes after everything else, so we had to order more pita bread cause we ate it all. But I brought some leftovers home, so I'm not complaining too much.And, after asking three people about the music, a guy who might have been the owner told me the name of the artist and a website to look for more. Pretty cool!
Yummy and tasty food. That is why I'm giving 4 stars for this place, but I was not impress by the location of the place and the people were rather in the rush to take our order while we were waiting on 3 more people to join our group of 5. So, I felt like we were being rushed to order something. The place filled up really fast by 6:30- 7:00 pm and there were no empty seat left. I ordered the Saturday special and one of the everyday special... both have lamb in it. I think they are called Mansef and the other one is Fusilah. They are great! soo tasty and the felafel was great, too. Dessert... was awesome! I almost wanted to order second dessert when I realized that I was so full already! We had one of those dessert with goat cheese with syrup and pistachio on top- Kunafa. It is sooooo good!!! I don't remember all of the food names, but if you love to taste new kind of food, you should come and try this place! It's pretty awesome!
trekked all the way out here on a rainy day from the east bay, and i'm still a fan... if you now how much i hate rain and commuting, you know that's saying something.our meal started with some olives, pickled radish, and tahini with pita bread. the olives were a bit too salty, but the pickled radish was great. i could also really taste the sesame in the tahini, which i loved, and the pita came out freshly warmed. we then moved onto the hummus, which is super fresh - like nothing i've ever tasted... in best of ways. next came the falafel (tasty, but a little too friend) and the shawerma (not pit-grilled, but flash fried in a pan, which unfortunately made dry like jerky). for dessert, we had baklava (very standard) and the kanufa (my first time so i have no comparison, but i enjoyed the two bites i could muster - it's kinda sweet). finally, the turkish coffee... STRONG, but good. oh, you'll also have to be okay with cardamom on your palate for the rest of the afternoon if you decide to order it.if all that doesn't convince you how great this place is, the fact that the place is full of israelis is at least a good sign of its authenticity.
my friend had finished his meal by the time mine I came out, but I didn't mind at all since they serve pickled vegetables, baba ganoush, and toasted pitas as an appetizer. the owner personally came over and restocked me when I ran out. the baba - sooo spot on. I ordered the Kalaya, a meat stew appetizer, for my dinner. If it had come sooner it would have been enough food - but I was so stuffed I ate way less than half. awesome.
Their baklava is authentically delicious, although a bit more doughy/layery than I prefer
Both times I have gotten food from Old Jerusalem (once there and once delivery), I got the combination plate and a couple sides. More than enough to fill two people. The chicken and beef is seasoned and smoky in just the right way. The service is very friendly. The hummous/hummus/humus has a great tanginess to it.This place is a great find and does not suffer from hordes of Missionites making it difficult to get seated (Puerto Alegre, Country Station).Oh, and delivery seems to be a hit-or-miss endeavor. I am not sure if you cannot depend on them delivering to you on a given day.
This place is an awesome little Palestinian restaurant. It's probably the most authentic Middle Eastern food that I've tasted outside the Middle East. The prices are also amazingly cheap. For vegans, I recommend the falafel sandwich. All meals come with some olives and pickled turnips to start. Yum!
Old Jerusalem is, by far, the most authentic Middle Eastern restaurant in town. I would probably have given it four stars, only I wasn't feeling it last night - you kind of have to be in the mood for humus and I just wasn't. If I had been, I'm sure it would have been tastier.Anyway, the humus ful was great, as was the salad and the falafel. Having spent two years living in Israel, I can definitely vouch for this place's authenticity. If you want Middle Eastern, this is the spot in SF.
Great place, great food, and great service. Hummus is not the best, but it's authentic. Falafel and lentil soup are required reading...
You'd think you could get a good falafel in SF. Alas, I was befuddled until a Rabbi friend of mine recommended this place. Hands down not only the most authentic, but the best middle eastern in the City. And it's lost in a sea of Mission burrito joints.The service is friendly and the owner is always attentive and helpful. It's hard to know who works here and who doesn't, with so many of middle eastern descent sipping Turkish coffee outside and waltzing back and forth from the tiny kitchen.The food is undeniably the real deal. Besides the expected Schwarma and Falafel standards, there are home cooked Arabic scrambles and stew that taste like someone's mother made them.Portions are generous and plates are served with wonderfully warmed pita, pickles, olives, and dips. Don't leave without trying the Hummus, which is worth a trip in itself.
the chicken shawarma plate with hummus is the way to go! the waiter was also kind enough to add a small side salad (cucumbers and tomatoes with parsley) for my entree.i also enjoyed the fava bean dip (think hummus but alittle chunkier) starter.
What a great find. The definition of a hole in the wall, but what a tasty wall it is. The complimentary starters of a spicy onion relish, tahini, olives and pickled beets were an unexpected treat. The flavors were wonderful and the portions were very generous, we actually ordered a bit two much food for the two of us. (did I mention the free starters) If you want really good food on the cheap, this is a great place.
I cry myself to sleep at night thinking about the stuffed falafel, kifta kebab and kunafa here.
This place is stupid delicious. The mains were exactly what we wanted, but the real stand outs were the kunafa and tea. A melange of ridiculously sweet syrup, wheat, goat cheese and pistachio, paired alongside hot tea with sprigs of fresh mint. Perfection.
For the record, I spent some time in the real Old Jerusalem. That, by no means, makes me an authority of Middle Eastern/Mediterranean cuisine but I can tell you that Old Jerusalem is just as about as close as it comes to authentico in SF. I've never had a bad meal there. This would be a great place to go with a goup of 4 or 5 and order a bunch of different things to share. There's no single specialty that's better than everything else so you just have to try it all. The portions are super generous and combined with the fact that they give you so much fresh pita and dipping sauces while you wait, unless you haven't eaten in 3 days, you will not be able to comfortably finish. The staff is also incredibly nice.Anyone who says this place is "just ok" or "gross" or that some other place in the city is better doesn't know what they're talking about.
Old Jerusalem is one of my favorite places in the city. good, fresh, super cheap food, friendly folk and a short walk from home!Old Jerusalem makes the best falafels I've had in this country. They make them when you order them, so they're crisp on the outside and light and fluffy on the inside. And they're only 35 cents each! The stuffed falafels ($1) have carmelized onions and pine nuts inside, which i've never seen anywhere else. yum.the arabic coffee ($2) is also something to try if you like strong coffee and if you loooove cardamom. the hummous is amazingly creamy and fresh and the seasonings are all perfectly balanced. with it comes with two sauces, green olives, and hot pink pickled turnips (they're good) for $5. the salads ($3.50) are all simple and fresh with good ingredients, nothing fancy. it is very easy to eat well with friends for under $5 each. it's also very easy to order tons of food without realizing it and consume it all anyways because it's all so tasty and fun to eat.i also love that you can sit there for ever after your meal and no one will give you the evil eye or even bring you your check until you ask for it. that said, the service can be slow, although everyone is always super friendly. if you're having trouble getting your check, just walk up to the register and they'll help you right away. i'd give them four and a half stars if i could, but their bread is too thick and not as fresh as their other ingredients. also the desserts are somewhat disappointing.update: after going back there a couple of times in the past week, i'm upping my rating to 5 stars. the desserts still aren't my favorite (melted goat cheese in a desert just doesn't do it for me personally) but the bread came hot off the grill both times, allowing their *perfect* hummous to melt just a little bit on the bread....yummmmmmm
This place makes my favorite falafel wrap. I don't know why theirs is different, but it just is. The staff is always friendly too.
Anyone who says this is Americanized or watered down food or not like what you would get in Lebanon, Israel, Palestine, Jordan etc does not know what they are talking about.Hummus made with lots of tahini, and good olive oil on top, (not the usual can of garbanzos thrown into a blender with garlic that most places serve) Palestinian desserts you won't find anywhere else, stuffed falafel, fantastic smoky baba ganoush, thick pitas, not the fake burritos filled with dry falafel and asian hot sauce they serve on 16th St and elsewhere!And to the guy who complained it wasn't kosher - why would it be kosher? It's an Arab restaurant. Duh.
Great food at great prices. I was flabbergasted by the amount of food they give you before your actual meal. Pita bread with two tasty dipping sauces and a bunch of green olives. I think I filled up before my meal came again. I got the shawarma chicken sandwich, and I could only eat half of it. It was a crazy amount of food for the price, and it provided me with dinner the next night too.To add to the experience, the beautiful murals on the walls make it seem like you're in a courtyard. It helps to make you feel less claustrophobic in the small space that actually is the restaurant. I think we were lucky to get a table as soon as we walked in because, with the limited seating, I saw a couple groups have to wait for a table.
This is my favorite place to go for Middle Eastern food. The portions are huge--every time we've come here, we can't finish the entire plate. For 3-4 people, we normally order the vegetarian plate for around $13, which offers baba ghanoush, hummus, tabbouleh, and fried cauliflower, along with fresh hot pita bread, which the waiter continues to refill. The chicken plate is also very delicious. The side dishes are tasty but we've never been able to eat them all. Though this is Mission Street, (metered) parking is usually available and it's not as congested as it is further up Mission. Wait staff is friendly and attentive.
I went here with a friend who has lived in Jerusalem and she gave her big thumbs up.It's unassuming and so very rad.The hummus was plentiful and really very good. The pickled veggies were perfectly pickled.My falafel wrap was it. It was exactly what a falafel sandwich is supposed to be... tasty, filling and so large that you can eat off it for 3 days (or take it home and let someone else have it).Dessert was crazy good. My friend said that it was something she hadn't seen since Jerusalem. It was some kind of warm cheese under a sweet sauce. I couldn't get enough.So we had 1 appetizer (hummus and pita), 2 main dishes, 2 drinks and dessert and it was $13 each with tip.The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because they don't have booze and they left our plates on the table for far too long, but at these prices, who the hell cares.
Fabulous Israeli food set in a quaint hole in the wall on Mission. My friend and I shared two plates. The special Mousakhan - so good. It's half baked chicken on top of baked Arab flat bread with sweet onions and roasted pine nuts...what, what? YUM! My friend had the Kifta Kabab served with some of the best hummus I've ever had. This place is great. The service is efficient and standard. I just wish, I'd found this place earlier. I'm def going back.
tasty wraps. i enjoy the falafel ones, and my bf enjoys the lamb kebabs.they make everything fresh and upon order, so be patient. if you dine in house they offer you pickled treats while you wait for your dish.
I like the ambiance of this place and that you can see what they are doing when you walk through the kitchen to go to the restroom. We asked for falafel a la carte and they forgot about it but other than that the food and service were fine. I liked the lentil soup, the hummus and the nice paintings on the wall. The coffee looked, well, thick. I didn't try any. Me and coffee grounds don't get along.My five-star system for accomodating people with special diets:Responsiveness to questions/needs: **** (four stars, they answered all of my questions but forgot the falafel)Dairy-free: **** (four stars, a number of dishes are dairy-free)Gluten-free: *** (three stars, a some dishes made with rice)Vegetarian: *** (three stars, some veggie options)Vegan: *** (three stars, some vegan options like falafel)
I gave it four stars because I've never tried food here. Ive eaten pastries every single time that I have been here. The Knafa is by far the best i've had in the bay. Its even better than mom's but i won't tell her. Really and truly love the Knafa here and would be back for more.
It is often said that San Francisco is the culinary capital of the world. Such a reputation is hard earned. A history of diversity and trade, more restaurants per capita than any other place in the world, very authentic regional food, high quality ingredients and reasonable prices paved the road to dining greatness for SF. It is in this regard that Old Jerusalem is a great SF restaurant. The falafel, prepared fresh (taking about 10 mins to fry up), was excellent. It was crispy on the outside, moist and fluffy inside. It is served together with fresh cucumber, tomatoes, and a delicate sauce wrapped up in an equally fresh toasted pita. Best falafel I have had in a long time, and all for a very reasonable $4.50. I took it to go, but had a few minutes to soak up the atmosphere while I was waiting. It's a small place with murals of Arab Jerusalem painted all over. The narrowness of the dining room only adds to that feeling of far-flung authenticity.Normally, I would take this opportunity to rail against the "trendy, new hot restaurants that overcharge you for food that is good but just OK and will be gone in 2 years and are piggy-backing on the hard-earned culinary reputation built on the backs of small time SF restaurants like Old Jerusalem so you should just go there to eat," but I'm in a good mood, so I'll hold off.
I love this place. When I first moved to the city I was living a few blocks away from here and I ate here 3 nights a week.  Now I live farther away and don't go as much, but try to go as often as I can. Sure the service may be a little slow, but why rush things. It's an Israeli way of eating. Take your time and enjoy it. I don't think I've had a bad thing here. The pickled turnips are super delish. also the arabic coffee is slightly different than turkish coffee, but tasty and energy packed none the less. The pricing can be super cheap or moderate, but never expensive.GO THERE NOW. mmmmmm hummuss
Good, no nonsense, cheap-to-reasonably-priced middle eastern food with a narrow, vintage ambiance and lots of parking. WHAT MORE DO YOU WANT?The only thing is, they ran out of lentil soup when I was here, which upset me a little, but I didn't cry, and the waitress had b.o. Also I thought they were Christian so I asked if I could bring alcohol in from the outside. They were only mildly annoyed. Shukran.Natural light: Fair but it doesn't matter. You're in the quarter.
Tasty! I LOVE THE HUMMUS!I was craving this for days after I ate it. The hummus is BOMB.It's rich and eggy tasting. I got the fatta and meat, which is basically lamb bits over a LARGE PLATE OF HUMMUS.So fucking good.The staff was friendly, the menu was interesting, and I was all about the hummus afterward.The hummus is seriously addictive. Be warned.Oh and they come out with these little plates of appetizers = pita bread, pickled radishes or turnips, olives, a spicy Middle Eastern salsa type thing, and this AWESOME GARLICKY YOGURT THING.Oh my god.In Iran, we have maast o khiar, which literally means yogurt and cucumbers. It has garlic in it, sour yogurt, and fresh diced cucumbers. What they have at Old Jerusalem is sort of the same, but minus the cucumbers and HEAVY ON THE GARLIC.It was delicious. I wanted to ask them for a little box of it to go with some pita bread.Don't eat it if you're on a first date and expect smooches. Your breath is definitely going to be funky, but your stomach will be happy.
Their versions of the yoghurt salad and falafels are worth the trek out this direction. This isn't just a falafel/schwarma fast food restaurant either. They serve great dishes that are really good and inexpensive
Being poor has its ups and downs. My love of clothes has miraculously abated, shopping for food has suddenly become as thrilling as buying a DVF wrapdress on sale, and eating out is now a luxury. On the plus side, when you're broke you have a great excuse to have a case of two buck chuck - and to drink it all in a weekend.Being broke also encourages you to head to a run down dining establishment and enjoy a meal without the pomp and circumstance of a real dinner date. That's when Old Jerusalem enters the picture. It's perfect - when you're feeling broke and you need to get out of the house, Old Jerusalem offers you that step up from a burrito. It has seating, it has music, it's cheap and tasty. I reccomend.
This place is pretty good, its rather small so don't go there if you are a party of 10. Ordered the chicken and lamb shawerma sandwiches. The pieces of lamb were cooked for sure but some pieces were cooked better than the others. As for the chicken, it seemed like it had a little extra turmeric. Was it even turmeric, I didn't realize that turmeric was used in middle eastern food. The mint tahina was great, so was the warm pita bread. I liked the food but think Ill order the veg combo platter the next time which looked really appetizing.
LOve this place!!! Never been there and got disappointed.Being and Arab who was raised back in the middle east,i find it so hard to accept the Americanized middle eastern restaurants here in the US but old Jerusalem is the real deal.Everything I've tried is good with the expetion of Kudsieh and ful that only needed more seasoning.
I went to Old Jerusalem for the first time on Saturday---it was, on the whole, awesome.I grew up with a Palestinian grandmother and lived with two Palestinian aunts for a year in college---so I guess I'm pretty enamored of home-cooked Arabic food, and also relatively knowledgeable. Anyway I took my Dad (American-born Arab) there, and here's the stuff we agreed was great: the falafel, and the labneh (yogurt). These alone will be enough to get me back in there---the falafel particularly was just perfect. Also--although I was disappointed they were out of the special for the night---I am stoked to go on a Sunday for some Mekluba (a family favorite), which I don't think I've ever seen on a menu before.
So after living in Tel Aviv for the year on a volunteer program and moving up to San Francisco I was on a hunt. On a hunt for the best falafel in San Francisco. And you know what I found it at the Old Jerusalem Restaurant. This is a great little restaurant with delicious food that I've enjoy coming to again and again since returning from Israel.
So far the only restaurant in town that gets me feeling simultaneously excited and nostalgic. This place is great for a small group to share plates. Hummus and hummus foul (fava beans) are delicious. I recommend trying their daily specialties in addition tothe more popular shawarma and falafel. These are big homestyle plates, we ate Maklouba (only Sundays). Traditionally an upsidedown casserole, it was a giant delicious mess of rice pilaf and vegetables and chicken. Kind of like a tagine, but rice instead of couscous.Huge portions, good olives and tahina, tea with mint leaves, and nobody rushing you the bill makes you forget you are in the Mission for a bit and actually eating in Jerusalem.
Yes, it passed the roommates test! Again, amazing hummus! Perfection. Excellent lentil soup, the hummus/fava bean dish, and of course the stuffed falafels :) Can't wait to go again.
1) shawerma sandwich: 3 stars* a tad dry but the lamb was very good. it could have been a bit more juicier...2) pita bread: 2 stars* the first 2 pieces were warm, then the rest of the batch is cold, and a little old?3) hummus: 3 stars* very good....yummy.4) jerusalem salad: 3 stars* the sauce could be better...5) falafel balls: 4 stars* these little balls were close to awesome, wow!6) environment: 3 1/2 stars* pretty cool and authentic feeling. most customers seemed to be from jerusalem.. :)7) price: 4 stars:* $30 to fill up to 2 people. yey!
Delicious falafel wrap. Pleasant staff. I'll definitely be back.
Finally, an authentic middle eastern place. This is the first place in SF I have found that doesn't have the "shawarma/spam log from hell" but actually has layers of Lamb piled on top of each other. Once I saw that I knew I would like the place. I had a falafel sandwich and cup of soup that also came with olives and warm nan. That and a soda was $10, not bad considering all I got, I was stuffed when I left (and that doesn't happen often).This place is not fancy but the food is great and the service is friendly. If you are in the Mission and need some good food, definitely check this place out.
Kunafa is this great (middle eastern-Arab) desert, made of fresh melted goat cheese topped with layer of cracked wheat and baked in simple syrup (recipe and preparation varies.)They carry it, And its very good! Despite sounding rich its surprisingly light on palate.prices are above average than most cheap mid-eastern grub joint, but when you sit down you get served some small cup full of tasty olives and pickled root vegetable. I have so far ordered kefta kabab sandwich, which  at this joint is technically served as a wrap (in lavash bread).Things were promising enough that I intend to go back and try out the chicken kabab plates and other dishes.They also have 4-5 dishes served as specials every day that I looked good like lentil soup, beef/lamb stew etc.more updates later on my next visit.expect to spend about $8-14 depending on if you order deserts
My falafel establishment of choice! Old Jerusalem does Mediterranean fare fast, tasty, and in some cases, VERY CHEAP.   The medium size cafe, adorned with beautiful pastoral murals covering the majority of the wall space, has some of the best service of any restaurant in the Bay. Their waitresses literally trot from the kitchen to the dining room, ensuring your food is in front of you within moments of being prepared. My preferred order is 3 of their exquisite stuffed falafels (stuffed w/ onions and pine nuts) at only $1.25 each, and a plate of their hummus. They also have 6 unstuffed falafel for $3, another great deal.  For $6.50, the Hummus isn't the best value, and they use a little too much oil in the center, but it's absolutely delicious. All food is served with copious free pita bread, a spicy veggie dip, and a creamy spinach based dip. This makes it easy to forgo the Hummus and have a full meal of Falafel, pita and dip for $3.75!  They're open till 10pm on weekdays, 11pm on Fri+Sat, so it makes it a brilliant place to pick up a late and healthy dinner. They're also very cool with you calling your order in ahead and then letting you sit and eat it, making it even quicker to chow and then split. Peppy service, and fantastic, healthy, budget options make Old Jerusalem a wonderful respite from the countless taquerias in the Mission.
Based on the previous reviews, I was expecting something pretty darn good, but instead got... disappointment.Starters: They bring out pickled something or other, olives, and a tahini dip with some pita bread. The tahini dip is actually quite good, but the pickles and olives were overly salty, making them hard to eat. We also ordered the babaghanoush, which was under-seasoned, and while it had a good smoky eggplant flavor, was ultimately kind of bland.Sandwiches: All the fixins in the sandwich--lettuce, tomato, eggplant--felt like it had just come out of the refrigerator and was ice cold, while the main ingredients were only luke warm. So much for a hot sandwich. The falafel was actually really good if you could locate it in the mess of frigid vegetables. The shewarma was oddly sweet. Not good.In short, I'd go back for falafel on its own, but overall, this was a huge disappointment.
The food is delicious and the atmosphere is wonderful. I would particularly recommend the vegetarian platter which is _almost_ enough food for two people. (flesh it out with a side order of falafel and you will both be quite satiated.)
If you or someone you know suffers from incessant falafal cravings, go to Old Jerusalem for treatment. Probably the best falafals I've had. Great strong very thick syrupy coffee too!
great place to have a nice food away from home.. ,, the service was delightful. ,... waitress was nice and placenta ..
I looooove falafel, hummus, olives, tons of pita! Almost everything about this place! But I thought the baba ganooj was a bit... off. It was really bland. I'm used to baba ganooj having a great tangy flavor. That was the only let-down. Otherwise, this place was great. Quick, yummy food. They give you a TON of food. Next time I go there I'm going to definitely have a completely empty stomach. Save your appetite for Old Jerusalem.
what a neighborhood, but the food is excellent! Looks scary from the outside, but don't let that deter you. Very wonderful restaurant inside.Hummous, babaganoush, olives, the best falafel, shawerma, yogurt salad, everything that you could ask for.Absolutely delicious.it was my first time and I can't imagine going to ali baba's again...
cheap - yesdelicious - highlyespecially - palestinian chicken dish (M-something, bottom of menu). i'm pretty sure if Abbas and Netanyahu got together over a couple of beers and a plate of this stuff, there'd be peace in the holy land. make it happen Old J!
It was alright
Love the lentil soup, falafel, arabic salad and fries. An easy place to eat vegan/vegg at. Service is friendly and they are really nice to kids. Highly recommend!
I was very happy with the taste and quality of the hummous, falafel, and the Kunafa and its all a really great value. I love hummous and though I've definitely had a range of hummous' few are really great (my ideal was a hummous I had at an Israeli restaurant in Budapest). The hummous at Old Jerusalem was the best I've had in the States and would be reason enough to come back. Its and slightly creamy with a good tang but not overwhelmed with an acidic lemony flavor. For $5, you also get six wonderful pita halfs, a small plate of tasty cucumber yogurt and a equally great salsa like dish and small plate of olives and pickles.I also thought the $1 stuffed falafel was one of the better falafels I've had, but I was not as impressed by the typical $0.35 falafel. The Kunafa was like Baklava with less honey and a thing custard inside. It was new and pretty good, but not comparable to some of the best Baklava I've had.The place is small and despite being one of the only people in the restaurant, it took a while before I could get the waiter's attention to order dessert.
*Pros*- Super tasty chicken shewerma ($11.95), on the sweeter side. Yum. - Kifta kebab (ground beef and lamb--$11.95) served with a tomato slice, a quarter of a bell pepper and rice. - Big 'ol pita bread slices that were put on the grill and served with olives and vinegar-y radishes, some garlic dip and some crazy Middle Eastern salsa that was swimming in jalapenos. - Love love love the hummus. Thick and creamy.- Nice, big portions*Cons*- A song that played on loop and was cute the first time and irritating half an hour later. I'm still humming it right now. - Service is absent-minded, and there was only one other person that was having dinner besides us. I had to ask for water since the guy outside was chatting outside with his friends and smoking. I might be back, but only if I'm in the neighborhood. Good Frickin' Chicken is just as good and a little cheaper.
dude - this place is AMAZING- Im not usally a kabob-kind of dude, but after getting a craving for some shawarma and falafal I decided to check this place out. The service was good- just don't insult the waitress by referring to her jewlery as an "evil eye." Otherwise everyone (including our waitress) was really chill and friendly. They make their own hot sauce there and they took us back into the kitchen to show us how they made it. The shawarma is BOMB- the add curry to it- its got mad flavor. The hummus is creamy and mad yum. So the restaurant could be better heated but honestly what SF venue is any different? Next time you get that pita cravin- hit that O.J. dawg- i aint playin.
Try daily specials, truly authentic.
Pretty damn good. The food was amazing. The mint tea was pretty great, too.I wish it was a bit less empty for lunch.
I'm not one to hand out five stars, but this place deserves it. The hummus is incredible, and the falafel is by far the best I have ever had. Even the baba ghanoush is fantastic, and I'm typically not an eggplant fan. I had never seen or heard of ful before (essentially hummus but made with fava beans instead), and theirs is delicious. I often also get chicken shawerma, and have never been disappointed.If you go, whatever you do, get their falafel. It is hard to perfect--to get the outside crispy while keeping the inside warm and moist, but man do they get it right. I'd recommend the vegetarian combo plate, which allows you to sample a bunch of their hummus, ful, baba ghanoush, and falafel. Or, my usual is to get the hummus with shawerma on top, and to order a side of falafel. Soooo tasty.
Great food, polite staff. Good value, but atmosphere is that of a run-down Mexican joint in the Mission, which I guess is fitting.
Great restaurant. One issue though, meats seem to always be overcooked. Somehow they just got conned to build an incredibly ugly and terrible site with Flash, which means you can't use or view on the iPhone or the iPad!
I learned about this restaurant through Yelp. My visit tonight would rate only two stars, but I'm willing to go back and try it again. Service was very good. I ordered the Saturday special, which is lamb over rice with pine nuts and a yogurt sauce on the side. All were bland, I wouldn't recommend this dish. The pickled radishes and a different yogurt sauce that comes with the pita bread were both very good, as was the chili relish (my favorite part of the meal). Others, many of middle eastern descent, were very much enjoying meals of schwarma and other things, so I choose an item that was either having a bad night or isn't a great item. The entree was $13.50 and the portion was large enough for two people, at least.Of course, Mission Pie is just around the corner and what's not to love about that??
Best Middle Eastern food in the city. Good specials too!
Portions are huge, but I would not describe this place as cheaper than any other Middle Eastern food in the area. The hummus is bland, the olive oil is cheap, abundant, and tasteless, and the vegetables were none too fresh. Also the bread was godawful - generic, white, wonderbread-y pita no doubt cranked out somewhere in Ohio. I'm not going to claim that Truly Med (16th and Valencia) is the end all and be all of Middle Eastern food, but I think it's still the best place in the neighborhood.I've patronized so many wonderful Middle Eastern restaurants over the years - places where the shopowners baked their own bread on a conical oven, and the food was fresh and thoughtfully made. And you know what? It's worth paying extra for food like that. This is just another generic restaurant, catering to people who don't know or don't care that food can be better.
Overall pretty darn good. Good veggie plate with falafels. Great dips. The Mousakhan was good but I prefer the chicken and olive oil bread at Good Frickin. I need to go back and try shawermas and the kebabs.
I am a regular and I have had my fair share of middle eastern. Five stars because nothing else in SF really compares to their flavors. Great guys too.
Actually, I've never had a meal here. 2 years ago, on Halloween night, we passed by and a man and woman, who appeared to be middle eastern , beckoned us to come in. They were dancing to arabic music in front of the restaurant. They were very good dancers and I was intrigued. We will definitely be trying the place out!
My partner and I went here for dinner and were generally pleased with our meal. The hummus was quite tasty, as many others have noted, and my shawerma was delicious. While I don't think it's the BEST Mediterranean food I've ever had, it's still a pretty darn good deal. Worth visiting.
This place is GOOOOOD! I mean really really good! I went there with a friend who is from the Middle East and he kept ordering dish after dish and I kept eating and eating way past the point of gluttony and then I still kept eating,, busted my gut. The multitude of flavors and sauces at this place are amazing..nice owners too.
I loved the mossabaha and stuffed falafel. I can't wait to try more.
THE BEST! I so love this place, the food is out of this world! The best dessert I've had was here, the kunafa! Ohhh it's so yummy I want some now :) Their lamb shawerma and chick shawerma is fabulous. The portions are very big and they also give you great condiments with each meal.
Pretty solid place overall, albeit a bit hard to come by during the usual Mission-jaunt. A good value, and while some dishes came up a little short, a little meh, one dish was so outstanding it re-kindled the feelings I used to have for this type of food like seeing a recent picture of that person you knew was insane (what was i THINKING?!?!?!) but who's lookin good now.... but still insane.My friend and I started with the stuffed falafel order, which lands you 1 falafel spiced with sumac and stuffed with some grilled onions. For my tastes there was a bit too much sumac. More importantly though it came well-cooked, and while I haven't had this issue with falafel in this city as much as others, it seems like many restaurants struggle with it. Not too greasy either, which is always a plus. We also tried the babaganoush which was not the most flavorful one I've ever had, but it was plentiful. Big enough to split with 4-5 people as an appetizer/dip. Speaking of, they are extremely generous with the warm pita and onion/yogurt dips you get when you come in. Those were all delicious.To the mains we go. My friend had the mixed shawerma plate - supposed to be beef and lamb, but truth be told it seemed like it was 100% beef (sounds like a wendy's ad). Added to that, the beef was over-cooked, very chewy, so it really wasn't memorable. You do get a salad and choice of rice, hummus, or half/half with every entree though, and they were generous on that end.But to the real winner, the sole reason I'd come back, and the only dish I'd eat (and I would come back for this). A digression - I was born and raised in the Bay Area, and one of my parents is an immigrant, so even though it's a mild case, I'm still white/american. Casperitis. Thus, gastronomically, I've had a lot to over come growing up... mayo... jack-cheese sandwiches... the embarrassments go on. But NOTHING stacks up to the white-meat chicken, oh boy... there's a reason why other cultures throw this stuff to the dogs - it's a disgrace to the rest of the chicken!!! So as I've evolved over the years and seen the light, I no longer live under the banal car-wreck that is a dish built around "all white meat chicken" (lookin at you again, wendy's). Grow a pair, and try a flavorful part of the bird. "But it's so unhealthy..." oh yea? And the gallons of mayo and bacon needed to make your white meat taste less like Loafers is negligible? Awesomeness comes at a price. It's why cheesecake is unhealthy. Eat dark meat.But believers and non, let me tell you, the shishtaouk at Old Jerusalem had me rethinking LIFE!!!!! Granted the baseline was as low as it could be, but this stuff was so good. I'm almost convinced it couldn't have been white meat chicken... maybe some kind of chemical creation. So flavorful, perfectly cooked, tender, juicy, more wendy's adjectives, with an amazing balance of spices.  The combo plate came with this as well as kefta and beef, but next time it's "straight [Shish], homie."
can not give this place enough stars.. though i have only ordered out.. the food is just DELICIOUS!! the shawerma, the falafel, the knafa.. the best I've had in a very very long time.. the workers are generous and courteous.. i've been ordering their food about twice a week now
This is my absolute favorite middle eastern restaurant. It is truly authentic, serving traditional dishes you won't find in your average gyro/shish kebab place. It is reasonably priced, and they give you generous portions of pita bread and awesome dips with any entree or appetizer. the falafel wrap is one of the best ive had anywhere. the hummus is also amazing. the service is great. i love this place.
I grew up on good quality (and cheap!) shawarma. I tried this place about a year ago and never went back b/c the chicken shawarma was dry, not enjoyable, and more expensive than I was used to paying. But I recently gave it another shot and here's what I have to say:hummus- decentmeat shawarma- the meat is way better than their chicken shawarma but still on the average sidekafta kebab- texture seemed a little off and it was on the salty side, but all the other seasonings were greatI like that it's a small restaurant with a neighborhood feel... but didn't like that they kept the same Amr Diab song on repeat... I liked the song but varying it up a bit would help :) The service was good. And compared to the prices of other middle eastern spots in the city, it was pretty decent.
This place does serve up some of the yummiest shawermas I've encountered so far in SF!! I mean the chicken is actually tasty white meat without hunks of fat attached. And my lans, they are some big-big-juicy sink-your-teeth-in wraps.OK so I've gotta go swing by and get my dinner now since my teeth are gnashing in expectation!
Recently I had a gathering at my house and needed to supplement the menu with something for the vegetarians. I had previously avoided Old Jerusalem b/c it did not appeared particularly inviting. However, it's definitely a good source for falfels for people in the Mission/Bernal area. Falafels are $0.35 each and freshly fried to order, I wrapped them in foil at home and kept them in a warm oven until we were ready to serve everything. If you're in the mood for a more substantial falafel, the stuffed version goes for $1 a piece and are stuffed with a mixture of onions, raisins, and nuts.I considered a tray of tabouli too, but found it to be unimpressive. Tomatoes were anemic and devoid of taste, and the rest of the ingredients were too coarsely chopped for my liking. I'll be back to try the shawarma and the other meaty dishes. Service is friendly and aims to please.
Me and my boys were hung over from a long day & night of lovevolution festivities and in need of some bomb food. We called in at 10:30am for a pickup order and they hooked us up; we ate at the restaurant and were done by 11:30. They open at 11:30. Homeboy hooked us up with great eats and delicious Turkish coffee. Great service on a cool street: Highly recommend this spot to anyone who digs shwarma or middle eastern food.
Pretty good, one of the better Middle Eastern places in SF. Their sauces and dips are particularly good
Ok, people. Take it from me: this place is as authentic as they come. They serve your basic Middle Eastern fare, but they also serve daily specials of truly authentic, country dishes, like mansaf. The falafel reminds me of the falafel you can get from the cart vendors in Ramallah. They are to die for. I love that they serve beyd wa batata, or eggs and potatoes. We ate that for breakfast growing up and I've never seen it in a restaurant before! The owner, Mohammed, is always there and is always welcoming. My mom makes the best Arabic food, but this place comes in at a close second. Mamma is always best, but for those of you without a Palestinian mamma of your own, get your fix at Old Jeru.
Deep in the Mission by 26th street and worth the BART/walk from Pine/Montgomery. Its seemingly always sunny in the Mission.If you like Hummus, go here. Just ate there at lunch today, tastey falafil's : crisp, steamy and moist on the inside. yummy. I ordered the Hummus with meat, and it came on an 9 inch dish loaded with creamy hummus, a splash of olive oil, parsely flakes, pine nuts and mini chunks of lamb and 6 puffy pieces of lightly fried pita breads. And they brought a plate of tastey olives with a stack of yummy pickled turnips. A lot of food for one hungry Tiger, two people could split this and have a decent light lunch. 7.50 is a good deal. My tummy Tiger was satisfied.hey , order the hot tea, it comes with fresh mint leaves. very yummy. I pulled the label on the tea bag: "Alwazah tea"  really have to try and find these tea bags. Friendly service. Will return to try the other edibles. The Faoul? is tastey: a mixture of hummus and Fava beans.served with a generous amount of piping warm Pita breads.decor: eh. Groovy middle eastern beats soothe your aching FiDi mind.
Torn between 3 and 4 stars. The humus, falafel, and flatbread were fantastic, the chicken and the service were not. Chicken had been cooked a while before I ordered it and wasn't particularly hot. There were four requests for glasses of water before our table received them half way through our meal, and the request for additional pita didn't work. I will definitely make this my new takeout falafel spot, and I'll probably give it another chance for dine in, but there is some room for improvement.
I have an Iraqi friend who told me about this place. Said it was the most authentic Middle Eastern food he's had in SF. I have been enjoying OJ for over a year now. My 7 year old son gets the chicken, loves it! I get the hummus with foul, a couple falafel balls and that's the deal. The food comes quick and it's always good. I like the olives and radishes too. Yum!
Incredible! What more can you say about a vegetarian combo plate priced at $12 which is enough to feed 2-3 people? Best falafel by a mile, and I completely concur with the other reviews....they are made fresh upon ordering. The hummus was mind-blowing, and one of the best I have come across. Their home made hot sauce, which I am a sucker for good hot sauces, comes complimentary with another delicious cucumber sauce, and more olives than one person could possibly engulf. What I like best about this spot? The fresh-baked pita bread, which is soft, moist, and scrumptious. You get what you pay for here......this is the place to be.UPDATE: forget about this place as they have raised their prices close to 20-30%.One cannot support greed, and the owners of this establishment are that...GREEDY.
Tasty but not mind-blowing. The hummus is note-worthy.
Great food and prompt service. Definitely try the hummus, it's very creamy and flavorful.
The falafel sandwich is not only delish, but extremely big! I couldn't eat even half of it. So share or be prepared for leftovers.  You can also customize it...I recommend it sans eggplant.
From the outside, you'd never figure this place to be a good eats Mediterranean restaurant. However once you walk through the door, and see the menu, you'll be happy to know that you will get more than enough for your buck. The babagnoush and hommous hhave to be the best I've ever had. When I visited, I had the combination plate. Make sure to get the hummous side. Very good eats, for a very good price.
Falafel sandwich is consitently good. Ask for it spicy! The price is decent, the speed is good, and the owner is approachable and stuff. This place is close, so I eat at this place about as often as I eat a burrito. Which is saying a lot. Go for it. Oh, and when you walk in, try yelling "Old Dirty Jerusalem - wassup! Wu-Tang ain't nuthin' to fuck with!" and then leave. They will be clapping when you turn and walk back in I promise.
Not sure how I missed this earlier. The best Chawarma (or Shawarma) I have had since coming out here. Great waitstaff and the decor reminds me of Beirut. Being half Arab and half Persian, I do know what authentic Middle Eastern food is supposed to taste like and this is the closest I've seen to what one gets in Lebanon or Syria. Little noisier than I'd like, but that's part of the territory!
Best falafel in San Francisco. And the stuffed falafel is simply astonishing. Their Kebab is pretty phenomenal too. Ok - it's all really really delicious. Just wish they had a liquor license... it would be nice to have a beer with this food. Regardless, definitely the best middle eastern food around - and everyone who works here is a sweetheart.
Everything tasted fresh n delicious. Don't miss the falafal. The kalaya (mutton with tomato) was mouth watering. Falafal wrap was great. The vegie combo was good too. Great Baklava. They serve large portions pretty good service. They serve free salads and pita. Also good ambience and interesting music.
I'm sorry but this place is just OK. I really want to love it, but I can't. I've been twice and I have to say that my second time was FAR superior to the first. Chicken shawarma was so-so but falafel was pretty darn good! Plus, there were all these sauces that created a delectable taste sensation in my mouth. Not bad, not great, there is better in the city
If you like huge puddles of low-quality olive oil all over *everything*, you'll LOVE Old Jerusalem.The take-out was soppy oversalted mush, mostly. And I know babbaganoush IS mush, so I'll allow some soppiness there -- but then why was it covered in olive oil?I've never done a seated meal here -- I'm only talking about the take out. I live 2 blocks away. If I didn't, I would never think about coming back. But given the high-rated reviews claiming that eating in is significantly better, I might give it another chance.
Best hummus in San Francisco....  Its actually the best I've had in the states.
omg I've been looking for a place like this since I moved here! hands down the best middle eastern food in the area that I've had the pleasure to eat. the owner made us feel like family too, I felt like I was dining on his oddly painted patio with a bunch of other friends and family. extremely generous portions (we literally had food for days), including the olives that come with the dinners, there must have been 100!
they have the best middle eastern dessert ...kenafe..always fresh ,sweet and yummy !!!
This place is terrific. I had been meaning to go there for years, and just hadn't gotten around to it until a few months ago. Now it is part of my regular rotation. Very good Mediterranean food at totally reasonable prices! Service is friendly and they don't hover over you and hassle you, but are quick to help you when you call them, just what I am looking for in a restaurant!
this place is super tasty -- high quality meat, big portions, love the pickled turnipsI just wish they served beer -- I don't think it would be ok to BYOthey also have some real nice murals
I love falafel and this is as good as it gets. The place is not fancy at all, but the food is hands down amazing. We usually get a bunch of small plates and some falafel balls which are delicious. If you are ever in the mood for good falafel, this is the place to go.
You have to appreciate this place for what it is : just darn good hummous and shwarma. The meu isn't huge, but I did like the fact that you can order the falafel, "by the ball" instead of just by the plate or inside a pita. After we ordered, the waiter brought out green olives, a pickled-vegetable (jumbo radish? daikon?) with green, creamy mixture (kind of like green-herb tahini meets babaganoush) and a fabulous red pepper and jalapeno mixture. The thing I love about Middle-Eastern food is mixing and matching the salads together, with pita bread. It's a fun way to kick off the meal. The warm pita tasted so fresh, and was the smooth texture of a baby's bottom, which is what I look for in my pita bread. Dining companion had to remind me that I better save room. He was dead-on.The shwarma and kebob meat were tasty, and prepared well. I ordered the shwarma this time, huge portion, comes with hummous on the platter. We ordered an Arab-style salad, and was expecting vegetables to be chopped up a bit more or have a zesty dressing, but again, you don't go to a place like this for salad! The super-sized stuffed falafel is nice, not fabuous. Pine nuts inside give added texture. The hummous is insanely good, you will want to drink it through a straw or bath in it. The service is warm and friendly, and very courteous. I wish I could find a place that does a great fetoush salad in this city, but in any case... the food here is reliable and fresh.The dessert called "knaffeh" that other reviewers forgot the name of is goat cheese with toasted wheat on top. Friend ordered it, and said it was decadent and amazing! I was too stuffed to try it. I'm coming here again, for sure.
I've been here twice now, and both times were consistently delish! I had the shish tauk wrap, which had well-seasoned, moist cubes of chicken breast and lots of different veggies (including a pickle). I really appreciated the assortment of veggies, but I would prefer just a little more chicken in there - it felt a little on the skimpy side (especially since the chicken was really tasty). I've also had the mansef (lamb or chicken in an aged yogurt sauce), which was also full-flavored yum! They always bring out a small plate heaped with olives (does anyone actually eat all of them???) and some bright pink pickled radish (i think). Prices are super reasonable here, so I definitely recommend a stop if you're in the neighborhood!
If you're coming here for the first time, GET THE FALAFEL! I made the mistake of getting something else (I think a sandwich) because I figured from the reviews that it'd all be good, but not the case. I ate my boyfriend's falafel and was jealous for the rest of the meal.
Super yummy! The green dip they give you at the beggining of the meal was amazing. I couldnt get enough. We also ordered stuffed falafel. and I had the Kofte Kebab. I really enjoyed my meal. I was so full I saved the rest and ate it for lunch the next day. I will certainly be coming back for more.
This place is GREAT!! The food is authentic and tastey. The portions are HUGE and the prices are low. If I lived in SF, I would probably go here once a week for lunch. Granted I would probably be 20 lbs heavier, but the food is so damn good..it's worth it!
Wonderful place. Everything is very fresh and very authentic. The young woman server was very sweet and attentive and they are open late, so what's not to like? BTW, Do not miss the Arabic coffee with your dessert.
Old Jerusalem. This is what it is.Good food, good price, good people. I love it.
This restaurant is great. High quality, fresh food, very nice people.Highly reccomend:1) Hummous2) Foul3) Falafel4) All dessert itemsIf you are doing take out, a falafel will work, but the other food might not go over so well. Some people complained about olive oil on their food...wtf, this is med food, it is supposed to have olive oil on it!
We get take out for lunch from this place all the time for the office. I've been satisfied. I had never eaten in, but I did last night and feel inclined to post a review now. We feasted! I love the hummus here, AND the tabbouleh, -I'm veg, but my friend got this lamb dish. He lives in the middle east and is really picky about his med food, but he was quite pleased, and again, this is the pickiest friend I have so I consider his opinion of "ok" to mean "extraordinary". The little appetizers they bring out make interesting variations on the hummus or whatever you've ordered. Love the spicy onion sauce. BUT save room, saving the best for last: KUNAFA. It is to die for. You will dream about it all night. My friend says the only place to get this stuff decent is in Palestine, but even he was possessed by the kunafa's goodness. Just beautiful. Stop in and pick this up to go -heat it at home, if you've never tried it. $4.50 for perfect ecstasy -pretty reasonable, I say.Note: be patient with the service of all kinds, usually there's just one server, and she has to do everything else including walk-ins for takeout, phone-ins, and eat-ins. They're very nice and the food is just unbeatable.
This place is really expensive for the Mission, and the food, while OK, was really not all that great. Fun atmosphere because a lot of friends & family of the owners seemed to be around when I went on a Sunday evening. Hummus seemed to be about 75% of the lamb dish I had. Service was passable.
Very tasty! Had the shwarma and chicken shwarma platters. The pita bread is super soft and fresh and they didn't even charge us when we asked for more. Feels very much like a homey restaurant. Their coffee was also good, very strong, so not for the faint of heart. Will definitely be back.
Went here on recomendation from yelp reviewers. The chicken shawarma was awesome and my husbands kebabs were equally tasty.  They serve large portions so be ready to take some home. I like that they bring out pita bread, dipping sauces and olives before the food. Everything was great.
Fabulous middle eastern.This is one of my favorite cheap eats restaurants in the city. The ambiance is very low key, but the food is superb, service is fast and nice, and the price is fabulous.
It's a small space, a little warm, but nice and homey. I had the vegetarian combo with hummus, babaganouj, falafel, roasted eggplant and fried cauliflower... it was delicious. The hummus was fresh and the pitas were homemade.
I had a cool time at this restaurant a few weeks back. I live around the block from a Mediterranean place called Zain's, and I was accustomed to going there for falafel. I like the food in Zain's, but my experience at Old Jerusalem had so much more personality to it, I'll walk a few extra blocks to head over there from now on. We went for an early dinner on a week night and were the only people there. We both ordered falafel wraps, and when they came to the table, I thought, okay, this is huge, I will never be able to finish this. 15 minutes later, sure enough I had completely finished it (I always seem to surprise myself with falafel wraps!) For falafel, it was light and tasty! At sight, huger than a burrito, but it didn't leave me with that "I just ate a burrito" feeling of heaviness in my stomach. The owner was a super genial guy who was more than willing to chat us up after we inquired about one of the desserts offered on the menu. He told us all about a dish called Kunafa, which he enthusiastically sighted as "number one dessert in the middle east!" It's actually a mixture of goat cheese, honey and ground pistachio, a square of it costs $4, and an entire sheet of it goes for $60! Definitely a delicacy! However, he gave us a full piece on the house since we showed an interest in his culture and his restaurant. How nice! It was rich and filling without being overly sweet.
Yummy, cheap and friendly! Just great for an inner Mission hole in the wall local place.
Yummylicious lamb and beef shawerma sandwich :)
This place looks like a hole in the wall, almost to Caesar Chavez and hidden between bars, laundromats and small stores. Having stopped in on my way to the grocery, I ordered a to-go meat shawarma, which turned out to be surprisingly delicious. If you go during the lunch hour, this place is relatively empty. But dinnertime seems to liven the place up. It is decent food for a fair price (around7ish/ shawarma) and filling. The owners are quiet but nice, and overall I think that you can't go wrong hitting this place up for a nice lunch or dinner.
I love this place for the hummus, the Shish Taouk, the Arabic salad. Everything I've ever had there has been delicious, but it all pales in comparison to the Wednesday Special I experienced last night: Mousakhan. This is a savory half-chicken roasted on top of pita bread covered in sweet caramelized onions and roasted pine nuts. I devoured it like a wild animal. I woke up this morning thinking about it. My mouth waters as I write to tell you to run, don't walk.  Wednesday. Mousakhan.  You'll thank me.
Whether it's a new policy or not, they don't deliver.
This place is great. I think it was a Bargain Bite or Cheap Eats in the past, and may still be one. But, all of their food is great. I've been very happy with simply the veggie platter, but have had their sandwiches, as well. Definitely fills you up for cheap, and give you enough for leftovers too.
Decent falafel, though I'm not a fan of lettuce as a filler. Friendly peeps work here, always a plus.
First off, let me say that I generally don't even like Eastern Mediterranean/Middle Eastern food. I've spent over two months traveling around that region, and while I LOVE the juice bars, I can count the truly fantastic meals I've had in that part of the world on two fingers. Most meals have been merely passable.But, in the tradition of the best San Francisco eateries, Old Jerusalem is much better than the average eatery in the Middle East. Standard dishes like shawarma, kefta and falafel (and their respective sandwiches) are fantastic, as is their hummus. And they have a deep menu, with delicious daily specials, stews, etc., that aren't found in the typical Middle Eastern place in the US.Actually I've never had a dish here that I didn't like. On top of that, service is far above average for a hole-in-the-wall like this.This is a fantastic place--the other Middle Eastern places in the Mission (Ali Baba's, Zain's, etc.) aren't even close. Great for take out or for eating in.
I was really hoping for the falafel experience people had written about. Everything was tasty, but it came out COLD. It's one thing if you go to Truly Med or some other fastfood-style Mediterranean place, you give up the fresh for the fast. But for a sit-down restaurant where I wait 10 minutes for a falafel & chicken, I don't expect them to come out cold. Nice staff, really attractive setting.I'll probably go back, searching for the elusive, hot, fat falafel. Until then, King of Falafel is still the king.
A great change of pace in the Mission. This was probably once a Taqueria, but I'm glad these guys have switched it up and gone Middle Eastern.
The best hummus in town. Their "sandwiches" (e.g. meat or falafel wrapped in lavash) are not as good as you'll find as at Truly Med, but their plates and combos are great, and anything on the "Mediterranean Delight" menu is awesome. Go with friends and just order off that menu family-style.
This place was okay. The falafel was really good, but the shewarma was dry. Next time I'd just get the falafel sandwich...
Mashallah, the best Arabic outside of Palestine. Sahatein :)
Went on a Friday night with a large group of friends and with the exception of those who ordered the lamb, (apparently, it was a bit too dry) everyone else seemed to enjoy their food. I particularly enjoyed their hummus, chicken shawerma, babaganoush and the spicy tomato/onion dip (Turkish salad)... yum!! Service was fast and friendly. I'm definitely going back!
Everything here is good. Thanks to these wonderful people I've been introduced to amazing new dishes and flavors. The atmosphere is great and the people who run this place are amazing. I love it here!
rarely, do i give a place 5 stars.. but, holy crap! chances are you'll be half way full before your meal gets to your table from all the wonderful appetizers you get gratis before your meal. the hummus and ful are some of the best i've ever had, the meat is succulent and well cooked and the soups are delicious. the deserts though, are real star of this show. the kunafa is AMAZING. wash it down with some turkish coffee. if you love palestinian food, this is the place.
It's true! This place has delicious Palestinian food. Seriously some of the best falafel in the city - straight out of the fryer - the stuffed falafel was DEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEElicious (stuffed w/ pinenuts & onions for those who are vegetarian). I honestly wanted to try the palestinian 1/2 chicken when I was there, but realized in order to get a great assessment of the restaurant I would have to do the standards to compare against others - we had the meat combination platter and some mossabaha (hummus with whole chickpeas - comes slightly warm). Enjoyed the pita bread that comes in the beginning - super fluffy and a bit on the filling side so beware. In the beginning they provide you olives, pickled turnips, tahini dip, and a tomato dip (that is akin to salsa). Everything was great.. but now I want to go back and try the more unique stuff.
greasy and salty
I found this place through looking at Yelp.com on my iPhone. I've been passing this place so many times but from the outside it doesn't look good. Good thing for Yelp! I was dying for some good middle eastern food after playing some soccer yesterday. When I got there, the place was full due to a large table of about 20 people. I had to wait about 25 minutes for a table but I waited at a table outside and they gave me a glass of water as well (although the water came from a plastic pitcher and tasted like plastic). Very friendly service with a smile. The food didn't disappoint and was pretty authentic. After I sat down they gave me some nice green olives which had a nice bitter taste to them, as well as some tahini and some spicy stuff as well and some pickled radishes (I think). All was very good and the pita was warm as well. I got the Mousakhan due to the other people that recommended it. It was nice and the bread it came on top of was spiced nice. The chicken was tasty but a little dry. I would definitely come back though. I had almost half of my main dish to go since it was so large and had it for lunch the next day :)
A classic 4-star yelp rating, Old Jerusalem made for a tasty group dinner without being too expensive. Practically empty at 8:00 on a Friday night, looking at the restaurant wasn't the most appetizing at first. But our group of nine people was pleased to be accomodated by the staff, who moved tables together to fit us into their small-ish space. The spicy sauces, cumcumbery dip, and pita they bring before the meal is excellent. And chicken schawerma also a hit. Healthy portions, and meals around $12.
I came here for dinner with a couple friends and the food is great i had a veggie plate and some falfel it was so good. also the pita bread taste so fresh.After i ordered a sclice of kunafa and it was amazining..
Go there!!! This is the most authentic Israeli/Middle eastern you will ever eat. The service is great and Sammie the manager is an amazing person. You will not regret driving all the way to Mission
Delicious food but wow, what terrible service. Nothing got the attention of ANY of the service staff. I had to walk to the back of the room to ask them to take our order (10+ minutes after being seated), then once again to ask for the bill and yet again to deliver the credit card. Fortunately the food itself was promptly delivered and quite tasty. But we will not subject ourselves to such terrible service again.
Price ranges a lot, but can be much cheaper than yelp suggests. They keep loading on the olives, etc, which can add up to quite a meal.
great website! also, great service and good food. my favorites are the lentil soup and ful. the pita bread is nice and puffy not flat and dry and the pickled radishes are tasty.
Excellent shwarma, served with pickles. Very good hummus and Fol. Very good falafel. All you can want for price/ location.
Why isn't there a 3.5 star rating that I can give to a place? It's not quite four but its a smidge better than three... here's why: the arab salad was less than spectacular, actually it was as if we got the bottom of the barrel with limp vegetables that began to go translucent. The hummus was good, not spectacular but definitely better than 70% of the hummus in this hummus-less city. The stuffed falafel was a surprise star, really good, packed with onion and pine nuts... the lentil soup was really nice, and the special was well, the chicken was moist, but not terribly flavorful, the special pita it was served on was lovely but a bit greasy. I kept waiting for something to jump out at me, something miraculous and finally it did... the Knapfe. Knapfe is an amazing desert of baked cheese with shredded wheat on top all soaked in a syrup... I've had this in a couple places on the west coast from LA to SF and no where has it been remotely as good as what I ate in Jerusalem, this, as the cab driver who clued me into this restaurant is 90% like the holy city.... it was beautiful... an artery clogging symphony of carmely notes, honey and gooey goodness... so for that I will return.... oh yeah... a bit pricey... over $7 for a not too generous portion of hummus... but the turnips and olives rock! Can you tell I'm torn?!
Mmm...perhaps the best falafel I've ever had...light, almost fluffy and not at all greasy! We also got the grilled meat and that was good too. Upon being seated we were treated to some different picked vegetables and some tasty bread. The Baba was good, the Foul was delicious, and very garlicky.Family friendly with lots of middle Eastern families, and very affordable.The only downside is kind of hard to park in this neighborhood and no alcohol...red wine and middle eastern food go so well together...
it started off as a mere suggestion from a friend last night as we were considering what to indulge in on a friday night...and every plate that piled up on the table between us was an indulgence indeed. it was by far the best middle eastern meal i have gorged myself on yet.everything -- from the saltiness of the olives to the delicateness of the fresh pita -- was delectable. each dish held its own flavor - with a sweet ferocity (so not like those places we've all been to where every dish tastes exactly the same no matter what it is, right?)...but it was the hummus that literally rocked my socks off. that first taste changed me. in it i touched the sublime that usually accompanies that moment when a perfectly seared slice of foie gras melts in my mouth. eat here. often.
the vegetarian plate could feed a small army. or at the very least, 2 people. deals are nice. sharing is nice too. the hummus - very nice.
A friend brought me to Old Jerusalem for my birthday - and what a birthday treat it was. Contrary to what others have said about service and the music, I think that service was exceptional and the music really delightful, authentic Middle Eastern music.I would give a subtitle to their name which would be "Hummus Heaven." The hummus was so delectable and tasty - it just transports you. The olive oil was also exceptionally delicious. If it weren't so wonderfully rich and fattening, I would have eaten the hummus all night.Although the inside is very tiny, it is a warm and welcoming environment and you feel very much at home almost instantly. There are lovely murals on the wall and the menu on the back wall almost completely filled the entire space. There is quite a selection of offerings on the menu, more than I've ever seen in any Middle Eastern restaurant. And, try the sage tea for another option to mint tea (which is also good). It will make you want to grow sage just so you can re-experience the taste over and over. Plus, it really doesn't even need the addition of a sweetener. It's a lovely flavor.The prices are modest and parking is not too difficult.
we were in our old neighborhood running some errands. it was lunch time so we ended up here (our 2nd time)...had real tasty hummous with olives and something pickled :)we both had the chicken shewarma sandwich but weren't able to finish them cus we were just too stuffed :)another fullfilling and flavorful lunch in the mission
I had basically given up on finding decent middle eastern food in SF, then someone recommended this place. Loved the humus and the stuff that comes with it: tons of warm thick pita (hate that crappy thin stuff you see at so many places), wonderful tangy cracked green olives, thick tahini dip and what they called 'turkish salad,' which is basically middle eastern salsa and very addictive. They were out of regular shwarma so I had the shish kebab sandwich which was very tasty. The sandwiches are served on flatbread instead of the pita which i think is a mistake but oh well. The owner offered us a free kunafa dessert. We were full but soldiered through it. What a weird dessert! A hot melted cheese square covered in what seems like shredded wheat and sweet syrup, and its bright red! I think I would enjoy it more as an app as it was almost more savory than sweet. The young girl who was the waitress was sweet but just ok. This place should probably be an 'order at the counter' place, but will definitely go back and try more.
This place defines "hole in the wall", in a good way. I found it to be really mellow, except for the mission st traffic. the food was tasty, everything we had was good. I got the meat combo plate, my dining partner got the vegetarian combo plate. We're both big eaters and t was more than we could finish. I would definitely go back and bring friends!
we randomly wandered in here because we happened to find parking nearby and were hungry. i love the bread, olives, and dip thingies they brought out while we waited. not crazy about the hummus though. tried boyfriend's shawerma platter and it was tasty.
Very tasty food. Falafels were excellent. Kifta and Chicken kabobs were also excellent. I don't like green olives but my girlfriend said they gave her a stomach ache. Hummus was OK, a little bland. Tahini was especially good. The staff and owner all were working very hard. Overall, I would recommend this place to anyone.
Great place for Hummus, Kebabs and Falafel. Cheap for the quantity/quality of food. Highly recommend.
Truly authentic. Great food. Really nice owners/service. The ambiance is lacking quite a bit. The neighborhood is a little rough, but not unsafe. Parking can be tricky, depending time of day.
Wow, the combo lunch is a LOT of food. The stuffed falafel (freshly fried) is excellent. Pita bread comes with a couple of sauces/dips to go with it.
Great food, good prices. I was just in Israel and the food at Old Jerusalem is pretty darn authentic.
I love this place, and the service has always been great here for me. The only thing I don't like about it is eating here on really hot days, it kind of turns into an oven. The food is great, my favorite is the shish taouk. I also like the stuffed falafels. This is one lunch place it's hard to get tired of, it's my favorite middle eastern place in the city and luckily it's right in my neighborhood.
I finally found a middle eastern restaurant that serves real middle eastern food! It's the hummous that sold me, I think. REAL HUMMOUS OH MY! creamy and tasty and not strange and lumpy like the grocery store stuff. I had falafel and it was delicious (my only complaint was that it seemed to be missing its french fries inside). The hot sauce made me want to cry (which is a good thing). The coffee was authentic, the sugary cheesey dessert (i always forget what it's called) was yummy and i must admit that even though lamb meat freaks me out, it looked pretty tasty on my boy's plate. If you happen to speak Arabic or be an activist in support of Palestine, well the friendly guys in there'll talk to you forever!
Best hummus I've ever had. Amazing eating experience. Highly recommend!
very casual, nice food, nice people. we really enjoyed ourselves.
This is *real* Middle Eastern food, and don't be distracted by the location. Go inside and all the walls are painted all around with Middle Eastern scenes. The food is really good and the hummus was the best I've ever had! I could tell that the meat was also good quality. You might think the prices are too low. The combination dinners are $10 - $12, or you can get a few things for just a few bucks. I'm going to get some hummus to-go this week...
i'm readjusting my tiny braided waist belt a notch so i can breathe, and a plate of kunafa magically slides infront of me. my jewish friend smiles cruelly across the table." don't worry - you'll eat it all." i grunt and cautiously scoop a bite of "what is this shi - oh my god its gooey pistachioiey cheesy delightfulness!!!" in my mouth. combined with the real arabian coffee they serve up, i was alternating between the two like a gemini on crack. "hmm mmmmummm - this is okay," i say, "i don't think i'm gonna finish it." but under the table, i reach down and unbuckle my belt another notch.
Before beginning this review, let me just position myself via middle eastern food: I am from QUEENS, I spend lots of time in Brooklyn where I buy pita from the Damascus Pita Bakery and Sahedis... what I mean by this is I KNOW my middle eastern food. And while I was initially skeptical about the old jerusalem restaurant for some reason-- I don't know why-- maybe their sign?-- we went tonight and I loved it-- the food is easily the best middle eastern food I have had in SF-- real falafel, soft doughy (real) pita bread, great foul, etc-- everything we had in the veg combination platter was fabulous, they gave us two amazing small plates to start with (which other reviews have referenced), and as we ate and ate, they brought us more pita. I am definately going back here...
this place was all right, service was a little awkward, but nice, food was good and plentiful, i can never finish a falafel wrap, and in general i always get my fill of middle eastern food before the plate is empty
It's a feat when a restaurant can change my mind on a dish I've decided I don't like. Congratulations, Old Jerusalem, on achieving this with your Baba Ghanoush. Eggplants are now off the list of vegetables I hate and on the list of vegetables I don't hate (not carrot status, which is on the list of vegetables I love).Great prices, casual atmosphere, decadent desserts
real Palestine food! we always order way too much, because every thing is SO GOOD!!!if you in the mode for a real Mediterranean meal, this is the only place that is authentic.
This time I had the falafel - it was amazing. Something about the hummus/eggplant/mystery addictive substance wrapped in the bread with the falafel just ... i dont know... is amazing. Also really loved the spreads and bread that they put out when we sad down - delicious!
Super yummy food, fabulous falafel, and friendly staff. And, if you eat in, it's a lovely little warm restaurant, with little bowls of pickled things to nibble on as you wait (mere moments) for your food.
tried the chicken shawarma sandwhich. spices were tasty. quick & friendly service. i'll go back.
i drove all the way from san jose, it took me an hour, hard to find a parking spot, you know how it is in san francisco, anyway, it was so crowded, we had to wait about 30 minutes, then finally we got a table , the place is very very small, it had about 10 tables i'd say, very close to each other. we ordered different plates, we had chicken shawerma, which it tast nothing like shawerma, i never seen shawerma with fried potato and fried eggplant, common, i guess it's cheaper than using real meat. the other thing we order was the mix BBQ beef and chicken, what should i say it's just not worth it.if it was near my house, maybe i go their instead of grabbing some junk food from a fast food resturant, but won't drive an hour to eat it , sorry.
Oh, where do I start. This place makes me so happy. From the moment you sit down, you feel at home (even if your home couldn't be further away from Jerusalem). Before you even order, they plop a basket of warm pita in front of you to dip into the best damn spicy red sauce ever. I don't even know what to call it. Middle Eastern salsa? The portions here are generous, and you'll probably end up ordering too much. But it's all good. This is the kind of place to linger over your food with friends and good conversation, leisurely wiping up the last bits of oh-so-creamy hummus and smokey baba ghanoush, nibbling on the complimentary olives and pickles, and having just one more bite of the savory rice and chicken dish that you ordered and thought you wouldn't finish.
So yummy! This is my neighborhood falafel joint and I have to go there at least once a week for my fix. They bring you all sorts of delicious little extras with your meal. The people who own the place are so sweet and the service is fast.
This guy gets 4 stars just for having two dishes almost impossible to find in the US; kunafa, a desert made from shredded wheat and cheese, and Quodsiah, a foul hummus mixture that is simply delicious. This is the real-deal, the kunafa is superb, just like in Jerusalem and everything else is authentic. A must for mid-east foodies in SF.
Oh this place! its narrow, bright room, the cozy feel of being in a non-zagat-ed place, the freshly baked bread, the quirt of olive oil on the hummus,the smooth silken kebabs! I normally dislike middle eastern food,but this place changed my mind. Its really that good.
The humus is terrible and the beef kabob was tough. The rest of the food was average, but if you want a good authentic middle-eastern place, this is NOT it.
very good middle-eastern food. far better than it's fast-food neighbours, and still fairly priced. unique, broader menu options, yummy desserts, & excellent free appetisers.
This is a great falafel joint. The falafel are tastier and lightier than any other place in the mission. All of the offerings taste fresh and are made with high quality ingredients; The pita and dip that come with meals are a very nice touch that one usuall doesn't find. And the prices are great. The decor is pretty basic but the murals add some real charm. If they sold beer this place would have 5 stars.
we just stopped in late for dessert because i saw that they had kenafe. kenafe is hard to find and it's my absolute favorite arabic dessert--it's wheat, sweet cheese, and simple syrup. sounds gross, i know, but it's so good. the young woman who worked there was really nice; we enjoyed the kenafe and arabic coffee (mmm hot spiced sweet thick goodness). even though the kenafe wasn't as good as my family makes at home, it was a happy treat. we'll definitely be going back for a meal.
We have only ever sat down in this place for a meal. Every time is better than the next. I'm convinced they have the best hummus in the city. My husband is Turkish and his standards are exorbitantly high when it comes to middle eastern food. He is especially picky about his lamb. Other than the lamb being "a bit dry" he raved about it. I love the chicken shawarma as well. I've never been disappointed with a meal here. Quite the contrary, I have mad cravings. If they lose a star it's because I'm now fat the food is so good! It is rich, but worth it. Go very hungry, the portions are huge.
had the shish taouk sandwich for lunch. the chicken and tahini sauce were excellent. my only complaint is that there wasn't much chicken in it, and there were lots of other vegetables that were good, but kept getting in the way of me tasting that chicken. i'll be back for sure.
great hummus (and that hot sauce!) with authentic cracked olives. shawerma was good but not great. cucumber yogurt plate was uninspired; I guess that's what you get for ordering a Turkish specialty at a middle eastern restaurant. overall portions were generous and fairly priced (which is to say cheap).
I had their falafel sandwich. The falafel is excellent, and next time I will order plain falafel, instead of the sandwich, which was dressed rather blandly.  Nice service though, and not too crowded.
the BEST middle eastern food on the planet...well, ok, in the US! you have got to try this one.
excellent food and lots of it.
The foul is great. Also had the chicken shwerma & kebab, both excellent. Stop by Sami Rami's two doors down, as well, for all your Middle Eastern groceries.
