Sotto Mare is Supreme! We went there once and were hooked back for a third and fourth time. The sweet Italian owner spoke to my Italian husband and complimented him on the use of his native language. The restaurant was everything you would expect from such an eclectic place. We highly recommend you stop here even if it's just for a glass of wine and some oysters (east coast and west coast options).
Sotto Mare is a wonderfully cute and romantic place to come for dinner or a weekend date. My boyfriend and I came around 2pm on a Saturday and didn't have to wait long at all for a seat. Upon walking in, we were greeted by friendly staff and an aroma of fresh seafood and pasta. We sat at the bar and ordered their famous cioppino. In the meantime, they gave us a generous loaf of bread. The cioppino was absolutely delicious, and it was definitely more than enough for 2! And I cannot emphasize enough how fresh the seafood was. There was huge pieces of crab, clams, shrimp, etc. If you're looking for a great date idea with great atmosphere and food, this is definitely a place to consider!
I got the seafood fettuccine which was delicious and had a generous amount of seafood in it. You can get it with red or white sauce. The decor seemed like a traditional Italian place, homey with cluttered walls. I knocked off a star because they don't have coffee, and there was sand in one of my mussels.
THE "BEST DAMN CRAB CIOPPINO" The cioppino is outstanding! Enough to share for two or even three...The oyster is delicious and fresh. The service is friendly and helpful. Everything about this charming classic restaurant deserves a visit. I really do hope you give this excellent seafood place a try. Cheers!
Came here on a Saturday for dinner and of course there was a 40 minute wait. Luckily there are lots of bars nearby to help kill time. I recommend checking out ChurchKey down the street if you're really into beer! Once we finally got seated, we ordered the Cioppino & Seafood Risotto. We wanted to order the Lobster Ravioli as well but they were out by the time we arrived. Next time! The Cioppino was absolutely fantastic and the fresh seafood in the dish was just divine. Don't forget to the dip your bread in the buttery sauce. It was just so amazing!! I definitely recommend ordering this dish and I can see why people are willing to wait hours to eat it. As for the Seafood Risotto, I would definitely pass next time. The risotto tasted bland and the dish was definitely mediocre. Nothing to be impressed about.Long story short, order the Cioppino!! :)
The best CIOPPINO ever! Its really that good. To me it could serve like 4 people. The broth is amazing. So flavorful, so tasty, and its DELICIOUS! Cioppino comes with pasta too. YUM! Seafood is fresh and sweet. Plus they give you bread, prefect for dipping it with your broth. Love this place and service is always friendly. There is going to be a wait but if you have a bigger party, reservations available.
I had some friends in town and they were craving seafood. It was a no brainer to take them here. The best damn Cioppino? YES! Good serving size. There were 4 of us and it was more than enough. We did order a few other things. :) Clam chowder...Fettucine Alfredo...Bread. Lots of bread. Dip that bread in the Cioppino. Rolls to add to my rolls. So good.What made this meal so memorable for us would be the service. Sandra is the sweetest! At one point she helped tie my bib for me! I love how she called me out when I was trying to eat the Cioppino with a spoon and fork and said that I needed to use my hands and get cracking on the crab. She was too funny. Loved her energy!You know a place is good when you haven't even left the restaurant and you're making plans to return. Smiles all around.
Sotto Mare is a cozy, family owned, seafood restaurant in San Francisco. The restaurant itself is small with closed walls (no view), but prompt service and reasonable priced food. It is nested within a city block surrounded by many other restaurants, but still was able to draw a good crowd. I had the red snapper filet dish and my friend ordered the shrimp dish, which I thought were both really delicious. If you are looking for a nice, classy seafood restaurant with spectacular waterfront views, this might not be the place you're looking for... but if you want something quaint with a little flavor to it, I would totally recommend this place!
Get the chowder. You will not regret it. $5-8I got the fettucine smoked salmon and it was so good $19. The portions are ridiculous .. I couldn't finish it. Perhaps you can share it with someone and get something else too. My partner got the seafood linguine $19 and he loved it. There's complimentary bread and outdoor seating. Staff is friendly and checks up on you.Gotta come back!
One of the best seafood places I've been to in a long time. Had a dozen fresh oysters and the seafood linguine. It was kind of pricey but was worth every penny. The oysters did taste pretty fresh and were a decent size. While the seafood linguine was a large portion and it filled all of us up, it was fantastic. We also had clam chowder and it tasted super authentic and rich with flavour.The place is two floors with a loud main floor with a bar and a more quiet but larger basement. We sat in the basement in a cozy quiet spot and had to wait about 45 minutes for a seat. Warning: this place is packed, especially during weekend nights which is when we decided to go.I really enjoyed this place, great seafood and I'd love to come back and try something new.
DELICIOUS.Get the Cioppino... you won't regret it!!The oysters are fabulous and also reasonably priced.
Our last weekend and we wanted to do Italian with lots of seafood.....and go somewhere that had a reputation for having an X factor about its food. We booked and got a table so we were excited and had expectation.We arrived for our 8.30 booking, and my only criticism of this place is that we did not sit down at our table until 9.20...it was quite a long wait and alot of 'bonus points' had already been burnt by this delay! To the great credit of the front desk hostess she managed us wonderfully well and keep us informed....From here on the night got better, better and better.... we had a delightful server who knew the menu so well. We started with Clam Chowder, shared some fillets of Grilled Sand Dabs and a combo Mussel/Clam Steamer. The chowder was special, amongst the best I have had, and the Sand fillets and Combo were great too. As good as our dishes were I could not stop observing at all the other scrumptious looking dishes going to other tables everywhere.....For mains we had Grilled Rex Sole, Linguine with Clams, Fettuccine with Bay Scallops and the Linguine with seafood. There was love in the way this food had been prepared and served. The sauces were a feature, not too creamy having just enough of everything. Every dish we had was exceptional. Truly great, great dishes.....There is something in the air in this restaurant. It is awash with great smelling dishes, joyful patrons, helpful and happy servers, and most of all wonderful food. A treat to dine here. And also very good value for money.
There are thousands of glowing reviews for Sotto Mare. There are always lines for a table at Sotto Mare, with empty restaurants on either side. There is a reason why thousands flock here to feast until they can barely move.Get a reservation if you can, you can wait for an hour easy on a weekday, a few hours on a weekend, esp for groups larger than 4. Service is great, attentive to refills and food comes out fairly quickly esp given how ridiculously busy this place is.To order: (Don't eat too much of their delicious bread!)- Cioppino. At $41, it's a reasonable price to pay for a HUGE tureen filled to the brim with seafood, pasta, and the best homemade tomato sauce you will ever have. Scallops, crab, oysters, clams, shrimp. So good. Definitely enough for 2 hungry eaters or 3 less hungry persons.- Linguini with seafood ($19): the sauce on this pasta is indescribable. It's not too heavy, it's packed with flavor, it's the perfect complement to the generous portion of seafood (same items as the cioppino minus the crab) that it comes with. I usually find most pasta overpriced for what you get but would happily pay again to eat this dish.- Fettuccine with scallops ($19): If you prefer a more buttery sauce, this dish is for you. All scallops, mostly butter, delicious all around.- Clam chowder: not the main star but very tasty.If you're with just one other person, a cioppino +/- a pasta dish will be more than enough. If you're with 4-6 people, 2 cioppinos and 2 pastas. This is plenty. Go home full and happy...crave it in a week or so, and come back.
They say it's the best cioppino you will ever eat. I took the challenge and Sotto Mare won. Or did I... because I left happy and full? The cioppino- that's seafood soup in a hearty red sauce- is as good as the bowls I've eaten in Italy. I tasted the authenticity and freshness in each bite and was pleasantly surprised to find not only a massive amount of seafood (crab legs, scallops, shrimp, clams, squid) but also some penne noodles tossed in. We sat outside and watched passersby marvel at what we were eating. At least I hope they were wondering about the food... and not the two adults wearing bibs and giggling as they ate soup and drank Peroni.Oysters are also legit here, but that's to be expected. They serve both East and West Coast variety with lemon, cocktail sauce and horseradish. Personally, I opt for more salty than sweet so I go West.My only gripe here is the bread. If you are known for your soup, you should be serving fresh, tasty bread and not the rough, bland stuff we got. Next time I'm back here I will be smuggling my own baguette in. Go ahead and call me a bread snob. We nearly walked by this unassuming hole in the wall. For as many rave reviews on Yelp as they have I think I assumed it would look more like an Italian bistro than a pizza by the slice dive, but with soup this good who really gives a damn?
WARNING: This is not a happy review. Nor is it written on the day I am posting. I ate here a month ago and left the restaurant fuming. I held off on posting this but I am still quite upset till this day. 1. We ate in what felt like a dungeonWe walked in with no reservations. I guess that's "uncommon" for this place. This restaurant was recommended by a friend that was with our group and she spoke highly of it. We were greeted by two women in the front and they began to scan the charts and said "we can fit them here." They then start leading us to the back and the woman says, "we only take special people here." We walked down these nicely painted stairs to end up in a room that looked like your moms basement... 2. We had the worst service tonight. I am so so so upset. The waitress, Becky? Shelly? I don't know. But she was so rude!!!! She gave us attitude and talked back to us. She ignored my table completely but when a table of 8 came to sit behind us, she was super friendly, entertaining and informative. She read all the specials to them, gave them a tip on what's fresh, told them what her favorite was and much more. Then she comes back to my table and says "I guess you guys aren't ready to order." .... WHAT THE?!3. The food was decent but ruined due to our experience.I really wanted to like this place.. I really did. After having the east and west oysters we calmed down a bit after being back-talked by the waitress. The Alfredo pasta with salmon we ordered, came in tiny chunks of salmon rather than a large slice compared to what I normally experience. 4. We pulled the manager to the side and had a talk with her but she seemed to overlook it. After we explained everything to her she just stood there and gave us this robotic smile and said "you will come again and you're going to like the experience." Our eyes grew big. I am shocked to find a place with this high of reviews to be like this. She said she would talk to the waitress. My friend that recommended the place told her that we will never visit again.
I went on a Saturday night, and the line was ridiculously long. I highly recommend making your reservation before you come. I waited at least an hour in the cold for this, but the cioppino was definitely worth it!My boyfriend and I shared a CIOPPINO. Portion was extremely generous. There was big chunks of scallops and crab and other mixed seafood. The marinara goes very well with the seafood and the penne pasta. The food is excellent (5-stars). However, this is not an ideal place for a romantic date. The ambience is loud and stuffy. We were seated at the bar all the way in the back. It was extremely smokey and uncomfortable. You will come out of this place smelling like you haven't showered in days. I would come back here only if they improve their kitchen ventilation. It's quite unfortunate that the kitchen staff only has so little space to work with in such an unpleasant environment.3.5-stars overall.
I was very pleased with Sotto Mare for many reasons. The food is incredible! I went with a group of girlfriends and we all were blown away by our pasta dishes. 3 of us ordered the Linguini with Seafood. We ordered this dish with half white sauce and half of their red, vodka sauce. I would definitely recommend ordering this dish with the exact sauce combo that we created because it was very tasty! However, the sauce was spicy so if you don't like spicy, then go with another pasta sauce. The pasta dish had all different kinds of seafood in it: shrimp, calamari, clams, and mussels. I decided to order the dish without the mussels but there was still a ton of seafood. The portions were very generous! You could easily split one pasta dish with another person but we all ordered our own and then had a full lunch for the next day. Very good the next day too.The prices were very reasonable! We ordered a bottle of wine, clam chowder that we shared with our group, and everyone ordered their own pasta dish. My pasta dish was $19 and in my mind it was a total steal for how good it was and the portion size. Overall, we spent around $38 a person without tip. Not bad at all!It's a smaller restaurant with a cute atmosphere. Definitely a cozy, local vibe.FYI: You will walk away with a food coma but no complaints there at all. Looking at these pictures makes me crave it right now, wish it was in Chicago!
My old housemate and I came here for a nice Wednesday night catch up sesh and we were pleasantly surprised. I was a bit early and they would not seat us until she arrived which I didn't mind. When she came we had to wait 5 minutes before we were seated at the bar. It was a blessing in disguise as we had front row seats to the food being prepared. The chefs warmly greeted us and checked in from time to time to make sure we were comfortable. We only ordered the cioppino to share, and although I was ready to get an appetizer, I'm so glad we didn't as it was huge! You can see from the picture it is a rather large portion and easily filled us both up.But I really need to talk about the flavors. I've had a fair amount of cioppinos in my life and I have generally been underwhelmed. I've never had a cioppino that I've actually wanted to talk about, but this was the one. I didn't really believe the hype that it's "the best cioppino in San Francisco" and although I still don't know if I'd say that is true, I have to admit it was a damn good dish. The tomato sauce is so perfectly seasoned that it is the best balance between sweet, salty, and a bit spicy. The seafood inside included mussels, clams, shrimp, squid, scallops, and fresh crab, all of which were perfectly cooked and blended splendidly with the sauce. There was also al dente penne pasta included which soaks up the sauce so well. But of course you can always use their bread to sop up every last bit of sauce too.The waitresses were very friendly and overall very helpful and enjoyable. The atmosphere was very casual which I throughly enjoyed.I would definitely recommend this place for cioppino and I see myself coming back when I'm craving a delicious seafood stew.
The best Cioppino&risotto!!! Broth, fantastic. On the menu it said it's enough for two people and Yes it is.I didn't believe it so i ordered risotto too but wow it was too much. We couldn't even finished 1/3 of risotto(But it was super delicious)I will definitely visit again when i go to the sf again.
They do have the BEST DAMN cioppino! Love the ambiance, reminds me of Little Italy. To quote my friend "that was some really good food" If you like seafood, this is the place to be. Check the photo to see what the Cioppino looked like & enjoy!
I was searching for Italian seafood restaurants and I stumbled across this one which had over 2,000 reviews with 4 stars, so I came in for lunch.The restaurant at first appearance is very unassuming. It puts you in the mind of Mel's Diner and does not have much atmosphere.The restaurant was very packed and busy. There were folks coming and going the entire time I dined. The restaurant was clean and the staff was very friendly and accommodating.I started off with the clam chowder and it was perfectly prepared. It was full of flavor with generous portions of clam. I highly recommend it.For lunch I had the seafood linguine. The sauce that comes with it is a mix between their red sauce and the white wine sauce. It was very good. Again, this the dish did not disappoint when it came to the portions of seafood. It was full of clams, mussels, shrimp and octopus. I had a full order, which is enough for two people to split but somehow I managed to eat the entire dish! (I'm not proud of that). The menu here is quite small and the restaurant is small, very busy and a bit noisy. As long as you're not planning on proposing to your significant other I think you'll find the place appealing and the food delicious.Happy eating.
this place is a perennial favorite in sf and the lines on a daily basis certainly shows! my second time here since being in the city 5 1/2 years. they take reservations now though, so make sure to call ahead of your visit! there was a big line when we showed up for our rezzie at 730 on a wednesday - but average wait time is only about 45 minutes for tables of 2-4, so not terrible. plus there is plenty of bar seating if you're into that (I AM) so you can watch the action from there.we ordered - cioppino for 2 (OBVS), sauteed scallops (served with spinach), and the seafood risotto, bottle of wine, shared by 4 girls. everything was delicious and the amount of seafood you get is amazinggg - that risotto was mostly seafood, less rice - unheard of! service is no-fuss, it's a family run business and theyre interested in turning over tables. but the FOOD is the star here :) minus a point because..well there was a lot of penne in the cioppino which was unexpected - i prefer to sop that up with bread!
Sotto Mare has one of the most comforting cioppinos I have ever had. When I have a cold, the soup/broth/liquid that I crave is Sotto Mare's cioppino. The seafood is fresh, the tomato base is garlicky, and the pasta is comforting. The portion is quite large (serves 2), so it is not conducive to sharing when you have a cold, but that is okay.1 star off: The only time this restaurant does not have a wait is at like 3PM.
Food is phenomenal. Had some oysters to start and my boyfriend and I both ordered frutti di mare - phenomenal. There was a nice helping of scallops, clams, mussels, and squid and packed a lot of flavor. Pasta was cooked a little more than al dente - not soggy, not gummy - perfect. The place itself has an old school Italian-American feel with a maritime touch. At one point, the waitresses were dancing with each other to Dean Martin. You won't be disappointed.
Just go....make a reservation or wait and walk the neighborhood.  Scallops are amazing. Oysters are amazing!
The best Italian food I've had in quite a while.Where to begin! The food is absolutely amazing - I had the clam chowder, which was chock full of seafood (unlike cheaper, watery variants), raw oysters (fresh, albeit a bit on the small side), and the seafood linguine - which I crave even as I write this review. The seafood linguine was filled with all kinds of seafood, and has a nice sweet sauce to go with it.The only negative is that the restaurant is very popular (as it should be) and the space is rather crammed. Expect to queue (I did) when going on a weekend-night, and service can be really, really slow. On the bright side, they serve unlimited free bread at no charge (but don't load up - the mains are delightful).I've been here twice (average of $30-40/person incl. tips) and would definitely come again.
Sotto Mare is a small, intimate restaurant with a ton of charm & history! All the diners had been there before and were loyal patrons. Everyone from the hostess, to the waitresses busboys and cooks were friendly and warm. The reason we came: their west coast oysters are SO fresh, and at $1.50 each all day Mon-Sat-- there certainly isn't a better deal for oysters in the city. In my opinion, I thought their oysters were better tasting than the $3.50 "upscale" oysters at Waterbar and Hog Island. Anyway, on to the entrees.My friend and I had the Fettuccine w/ Smoked Salmon in cream sauce & Seafood Linguine in olive oil sauce. Both came out quick and made to order! The fettuccine was much tastier in my opinion, the olive oil sauce for the linguine lacked flavor. Perhaps next time I will order it with the tomato or pink sauce before I give up on it. There's complimentary bread for the table, and a dining room downstairs! Portions are huge, neither of us finished our entrees and now have leftovers for lunch the next day! Yay! I would highly recommend making a reservation because the wait for 2 at 6:30pm was 1.5 hours on a Saturday night. Everyone waiting in line said that this place is worth it and after trying it myself, I would wholeheartedly agree. Can't wait to come back!
I heard California is known for Coippino and that Sotto Mare serves one of the best. The portion can easily feed 3 people and there's no shortages of seafood either. However, that's also a downfall. Although good, eventually, the dish became one-noted. But this also may be due to the fact that I really enjoyed my brother's seafood linguine with pesto a lot more. Seriously, this seafood linguine converted me into a pesto fan! I couldn't stop stealing bites of his pasta, wishing that I had ordered that instead.
The cioppino is overrated. It has a lot of seafood in it, which makes it work teh $50, but otherwise, i thought the sauce was too salty and very acidic
I feel sorta out of place writing a 3 star review when mostly everyone gave this place 5 stars. Atmosphere was great. It's a pretty low key venue and have no complaints about the customer service. I thought the food was a little overrated. Maybe we should've had the cioppino, but instead had the crab linguini and baked salmon fetuccini. I thought the fetuccini was a little bland and also VERY OILY. The linguini sauce was pure oil or butter with garlic. Clam chowder was pretty good.
Wow. What a delicious meal. We ate at the Counter and at first we were not so excited about that, but watching the cooks was worth it. I had the shrimp and scallop saut and he had the red snapper. Both were unbelievable. Place was very busy so get there early. Mmmmmmm
I have always had a great time (and meal) at Sotto Mare. In fact, it's my go-to place for visitors and out of town guests who want an authentic North Beach experience. The place does get super crowded almost every day of the week, so I always put my name in early and then have a couple of drinks next door at Columbus Cafe. I love the vibe and atmosphere of the restaurant. It's lively and fun, and I almost always prefer to sit at the counter. I've pretty much had every item on the menu, but my top favorites are:- Oysters (always fresh)- Prawn cocktail (big and juicy, love the cocktail sauce)- Combo Luis (how can you say no to that dressing?)- Chowder (some of the best in the city, in my opinion)- CIOPPINO! I cannot say enough about their delicious cioppino. More than enough for two people, and loaded with huge chunks of fresh seafood. They do not skimp on the seafood - there's a ton of crab, cod and squid. The broth is so good that I could drink it right from the bowl. The only mediocre item I've ever ordered was the grilled sand dabs. They were very thin and bland. I love this restaurant and highly recommend making a fun North Beach night of it!
This place is fine. The pasta is cooked to perfection. The cioppino was good. We got their sea bass special and it was very mediocre. There's nothing special about this restaurant, taste-wise. I have no idea why it's so popular and highly rated on yelp. The atmosphere is almost intolerable though. If you get seated in the back next to the kitchen, it's so smokey and hot, it's extremely unpleasant and enjoying your meal is impossible. Also, you will walk out of this place with all your clothes stinking like a kitchen. The kitchen here seriously needs to be separated. The service is slow. One of the waitress is rude. I wouldn't come back here again. In summary, totally overrated place. Dining experience was thoroughly unpleasant (hot and smokey) with mediocre food.
I highly recommend having a reservation! Although it's not on Fisherman's Wharf, it lives up to its fresh seafood promises!In short: The tastes outweigh the loud crazy atmosphere. We went on a Tuesday night, and the line was out the door! They have a super-small dining space that's extremely loud, but it has a certain hometown appeal to it. You are tripping over other people and servers your whole way to your table (which I didn't like, but whatever). We were seated downstairs (which I didn't know existed). I had the prawn/scallop saute combo for $21. It was incredible. The sauce was just perfect, and the seafood was fresh and delicious! I was dipping the bread into the light sauce when I was done, just to get a little more taste before I left! We really enjoyed ourselves here, and would return for sure!
This place was everything I hoped it would be. The dining room is cozy and charming, the staff is super friendly, and the cioppino is quite possibly one of the best things I've ever eaten. One order is massive and more than filling for two people so don't let any of that broth go to waste! Sop it up with the crusty bread and oh man, I'm getting hungry again just writing this. They have a decent small selection of draft beer to top it all off too. This will be a must have any time I'm in San Francisco.
Dinner review. Clam chowder - 2/5Smoked salmon - 3/5Seafood risotto - 2/5Seafood linguini - 3/5Cioppino - 3/5Overall, "A-OK."
I believe I've tried most of the cioppinos in San Francisco throughout my travels but Sotto Mare has been the best. The restaurant is quaint & has counter & table seating. We sat at an inside table & ordered:(1) Complimentary Sour Dough Bread:Fresh & yummy! (2) Split Wedge SaladHubby & I enjoyed our refreshing salads .... Delish(3) Cioppino For Two:Our main course to share was absolutely yummy. There was a lil penne pasta on the bottom of the big bowl which was topped with dungeons crab, mussels, clams, & fish with a spicy tomato sauce ..... SO GOOD!!!!!!!I will always stop by Sotto Mare every time I'm in the Bay Area ....... 5 Stars!
One of the best cioppino i have eaten. They give lots of seafood, and the sauce is awesome with the breads. The cioppino worth every penny. The downside for this place is you might have to make reservation days ahead. They are always pack and walk in might be turned away
A place that combines Seafood and Italian? Yes, please!Spent a lovely evening here with my wife, old friend and a long-lost cousin. We were seated in the basement, which had a lively atmosphere but was still quiet enough to have a conversation. They do allow BYOB, which we would have loved to partake in, but their wine selection was rather good.Wife and I shared a bowl of their clam chowder which was creamy and clammy and tasted great...especially with bread for dunking. For our main dish we shared a huge bowl of the Chioppino. It was full of fresh seafood (fish, crab, mussels, etc.) and had a great broth for dunking (we love dunking). Was also able to try my friend's sea scallops...they were sweet and delicious.Fun time, great atmosphere and a server who started out "cold" but warmed up to our group and turned out to be a fine waitperson. Would love to go back!
4.5 stars. I rounded down because my experience fell just a liiiittle bit short of the insanely high expectations I had coming in. Sotto Mare...2000+ reviews, 4.5+ rating, a San Francisco institution. Everyone in the city has heard of this this place, and it's renown across the country for it's amazing seafood. So it was a complete no-brainer for me to give it a try during my recent trip to the Bay area.Be warned, the waits can be absurd - well in excess of two hours during peak times. And if you're a party of two or less, you're out of luck, as they only take reservations for parties of three or more. Luckily for me, there were four of us going, and I was able to book reservations about a week in advance. When we arrived we were greeted by the friendliest of hostesses. She was so pleasant and gracious (and had one of the most soothing voices of anyone I've ever met). Anyway, our table was all prepped and she seated us right away. As we sat in the main dining area (there is another dining room in the basement as well), we couldn't help but notice the decor - all types of nautical-themed accessories lining the bar and wall, along with multitude of frame photos and art, and various tchotchkes strewn about. Some may call all the decor cluttered, but I thought it was rather charming.So on to the main event...the food. Given that we all wanted to try as much of the menu as possible (and since sharing food is awesome) we went family style on a dozen raw oysters, the risotto, the sea scallops saute, and, of course, "The Best Damn Crab Cioppino".Oysters - Skip. Definitely not the best way to start the meal. The oysters weren't too fresh -- they smelled a bit pungent and tasted a little too fishy. Not to worry, it gets much better from here.Risotto - More of a seafood pilaf than a true risotto, but quite tasty. The rice was so flavorful and definitely soaked up the flavors of the seafood. The muscles, shrimp, and calamari were spot on and cooked just right. Sea Scallops - Absolute star of the night. I honestly thought that this honor would go the the ciopinno, but the sea scallops were perfection - seared and cooked to just the right amount of tender. The scallops were SO fresh with just a hint of sweetness. And the savory cream sauce was a superb complement to round out the dish.Ciopinno - First off, this dish is huge (serves 2-3)....Okay... I have difficulty writing any criticism for this dish because it really was delicious... It just didn't completely knock my socks off like I was thought it would. To me, this is more of a hearty seafood pasta than a ciopinno. Call me a purist, but I prefer my ciopinno more brothy and bouillabaisse-like. Tomatoes creating a thicker sauce, like the ones in this dish, slightly overpower some of the natural seafood flavors, which are the absolute essence of the dish. But like I said, the dish was still great and packed with awesome flavors. And the all the seafood was fresh and cooked perfectly.In the end, my experience at Sotto Mare was a great one. While it didn't serve the best damn ciopinno I've ever had, it's still a damn good place to eat. Collectively, the Yelpers got it right with the 4.5 stars. This place is deserving of all the acclaim it receives.
Amazing, ciopinno and more than enough for 2 people. Waitress was great, got us in with 1 minute to spare before closing. All the seafood in the ciopinno was fresh and the broth was really great. We will definitely be back here next time we are in San Francisco.
Sadly, we had heard so much about this place, and actually made at least 3 efforts to get in without luck. Unfortunately, on the third visit, we actually made it in and sat at the bar....we were given waters and bread, and we sat...........for over 30 mins. Unfortunately, after sitting there so long, we gave up and left. Too many other options in the area.
Read about this place and had to try it while in town. It smells delicious as you walk in the door, by the time you figure out what you want I swear I had seen so many amazing meals I wanted to change my order 3 times. We did the Cioppino for two and it was as good as promised. My girlfriend had the crab and that was fresh and tasty as well. Love this place and the friendly owners- good people. We will be back!
Love the risotto but the bay scallops with white wine was pretty bad, not only do you get tiny scallops, I was expecting those jumbo scallops but also the pasta wasn't cooked properly, some of the pasta was clumped up together...it's a really cute place to take a date but I would avoid the bay scallops pasta
Exceptional service, amazing seafood, great atmosphere. My party was even greeted by the owner of the restaurant and his wife. These people definitely care about their restaurant and know exactly everything about their business. I spent a little under a week in San Francisco with my girlfriend and another couple. We are all seafood lovers and decided to try out Sotto Mare. We all left over satisfied and will most definitely return I'm the future. No matter the dish you'll be happy. Ask about their specialty dish. Our table shared two of them.
I was recommended to come here just for the ciopinno, and I wasn't disappointed. It had a good amount of crab and other seafood cooked perfectly. True to what is stated in the menu, the ciopinno is a big enough portion for two people to share. Wine bottles here are decently priced as well. Definitely would come back to satisfy cravings for fresh seafood and soup.
WTF just happened?!?! I literally just walked out like I ate what Jesus provided to his 12 disciples at the sea of Galilee, but probably 100 times better in taste and quality.Yes. Get the cioppino. I know. It's $41.00, but it feeds like, two large Italian men. There's some penne on the bottom not as filler (trust me), but as a compliment. You need the penne. We almost ordered a side of linguine thinking there wasn't going to be any starch, but the awesome waitress told us (two Asians) it's a lot. *the two Asians reference was me. The waitress wasn't being racist or anything. The oysters were so fresh it had a clean, crisp, briny taste to them. West coast oysters are $1.50 each. Worth it! Also, I'd highly recommend getting a glass or half carafe of wine while you wait. It really helps make the time go by. I also saw other dishes go out like the crab diavolo (?). It was a whole sh!#load of crab with some linguine tangled here and there. I was thinking, "WTF was that"?!?! -in a good way of course.Oh, and service? Amazing. They're so busy, but so kind. They'll even take the time to recommend nearby restaurants for dessert (they do not serve dessert for a good reason - scroll through the yelp pics), or if they're closed. Way to promote the area! And the waitress even genuinely told us to please come back and visit even though they easily have an hour long wait.Go. Now. Or at least when they open.
Absolutely wonderful. Great service. So worth coming to!! The cioppino is amazing--more than enough for 2. The oysters were fresh and delicious. The horseradish is hot and flavorful. Kids had prawns and scallops and fettuccine with bay scallops. Tons of food and lovely!! Service was attentive and but not overbearing.
Sotto Mare is one of the few really popular spots in San Francisco that takes reservations, and for that alone, they would get five stars from me.However, they also earn their five stars with their delicious, fresh, abundantly portioned, and reasonably priced seafood dishes. Among four girls, we shared a clam chowder, crab diavolo (this was a special that night), and the cioppino. We ate to the point of pain, and we still took home leftovers.
The restaurant looks like an enjoyable atmosphere but we got seated in the basement. It felt like I was eating in someone's basement. Bare walls, curtains to cover their stuff, plain tables and chairs. The seating was tight so it was uncomfortable. The service was meh. People just dropped off water and bread and walked away. The lady wasn't rude but she seems so rushed. I had the crab Louie and clam chowder. The crab chowder was good but the crab Louie was bland. Just plain lettuce, crab on top and dressing on the side. Interestingly, they don't serve dessert.
I'd give this place more stars if I could. This place was awesome and loved everything about it! From the lady that greeted us at the front to all the wait staff I was so impressed by the staff. The owners were even in house and came around and checked on us twice. It felt like eating at someone's home because it was so friendly. Betty was our waitress and was great! She gave us suggestions on what to eat and was very attentive to us the entire time we were there. And the food was amazing. We had oysters and the chappino which was unreal. If you go order the chappino. One of the best meals I've had. If I lived in SF this would be my spot. Loved it!
Years ago I had Cioppino for the first time at Boudin Bakery. It was fantastic!!!! I have searched for one as good with no luck - not even close, until today. The Cioppino at Sotto Mare is billed as "enough for two", but seriously this tureen of sinfully delicious seafood could easily feed three. There were many enticing items on the menu, but we were confident the Cioppino would fill us up. We figure we can try other menu items on future visits. When the Cioppino arrived we removed the lid. The bowl was full to the brim with crab, mussels, shrimp, small scallops, squid all bathing in a slightly salty, perfectly seasoned, tomato based broth. The broth had some substance, perhaps some crushed tomatoes, which helped it cling to the seafood and pasta. There was no seafood filler. I've had too many Cioppinos that rely on white fish to fill the bowl. Why? I assume because white fish is cheaper than quality ingredients. Not the case at Sotto Mare. Quality seafood and lots if it helps makes their Cioppino the best I've had. Bread was served to sop up any leftover broth. A carafe of their house red rounded out the meal. This is a place I will bring friends when they visit from out of town.
It was a Thursday night, dinner for two and no reservation made, and the wait was about 25 mins. We were given one of those buzzer things as table-ready-alert and a credit card is needed to check out the buzzer... since when a buzzer has become so valuable?Anyway, we were seated at a bar table. Sotto Mare is not one of those typical classy Italian seafood restaurant - rather, the interior decorations is very local, it's loud and it has got sort of an open kitchen. Lively ambience.#Clam Chowder: B+.Not bad, but nothing special. Decent amount of clams, tasted a bit salty. My friend said the ones in Fisherman Wharf taste better. #Seafood Risotto: A-.Pretty nice. There was shrimp, mussels, clams etc in it. For the risotto itself personally I would prefer it to be more creamy/watery but it tasted good so no complaint.#"The Best" Crab Cioppino: A.It's actually my first time having Cioppino and I did not know it originated in San Francisco! This stew thing was delicious! The broth is tomato based, and there was mussel, squid, clam, shrimp, penne pasta and most importantly the crab in it. The crab was pre-cracked so don't worry about having difficulties eating it. The feeling of eating those crab meat with seafood flavor + the tomato broth was unparalleled to what I would have expected. My friend and I finished that big bowl by only two of us! Totally recommended.I will definitely try to go back. I will be satisfied with just having the cioppino alone!
Here's a restaurant that truly deserves a perfect five star rating.Came up for a birthday dinner (mine) on a weekday night. Fought long and hard traffic to get there, and all along, I was hoping at the end of the meal, I would smile and say, "It was worth it.". Well, it definitely was.First let me say, the hostess, the one who sat us and the one who took our reservation over the phone was phenomenal. So often you call a restaurant that has a reputation for being full and popular (like Sotto Mare) and they give you this snooty attitude, and make you feel bad for calling last minute expecting to get a table. Well, I called last minute, and she was totally friendly and accommodating. And she found a way to squeeze us in and we hardly waited at all. On top of that, we were 45 minutes late and she still honored our reservation with a smile.I'm pretty sure the owner know that she is golden and that's why they have her up front.There's a lot of food joy in this place--every table filled, steaming plates of seafood and scrumptious-looking pasta everywhere you look. We were sitting at the end table next to the kitchen counter where the food comes out, so we had every dish coming out of the kitchen passing by our table. A kind of torture when you're sitting there hungry!The food:CLAM CHOWDER (4/5) If you follow me at all, you probably know I'm from Boston originally, so I'm picky about my chowder. This one was great, but not the best I've had. Needs to be whiter - creamier. But would I order it again? Yes.CIOPINNO (5/5) No question the best I've had--the quality of the seafood, the complexity of the broth. ON POINT. Dipping the bread in the sauce was a highlight of the night for me.SHRIMP AND SCALLOP SAUTE (5/5) Sauteed in garlic and butter with some lemon. Perfect.PESTO + AGLIO OLIO PASTA (5/5) Again, just perfectly prepared. The pesto was not too heavy but not lacking punch and flavor. In my estimation, whatever you order here is going to be great. You can't go wrong. Their menu is somewhat limited but that's not such a bad thing when everything on it is bomb.If you are a seafood/pasta lover, you need to come here and experience Sotto Mare's excellence.
Great little place, friendly staff and owners especially our server Tiffany, The food was great and I felt like I was in the real North Beach. I am in the biz and sometimes critical Sotto Mare is a great example of Italian simplicity combined with a friendly neighborhood environment,  the outstanding consistent reviews are right on! Mille Grazie
WOW! Where do I begin! Let me just say, by far, the BEST seafood restaurant I have ever been too! I had the scallops/Prawns combo Excellent! One of my friends had risotto, again, excellent! The other had a crab dish! 3 excellent! Highly recommend this please to everyone!
This restaurant is a hidden gem! My girlfriend and I had shared the linguine chefs special, which consisted of linguine noodles in a creamy, cheesy white sauce with scallops, shrimp, muscles and tender baby octopus served with bread and butter. The food was absolutely delicious!!! I would highly recommend this establishment if you want tasty Italian fare.
Decided to try this place based on a friends recommendation and boy are we did we did even though it meant a strenuous walk up through Chinatown. We arrived close to two o'clock and were afraid that the kitchen might have been closed, but they seem to welcome guests even past two. We sat at the bar where we were quickly served their local bread and given menus.Wine by the glass was of decent quality especially given the small price tag and the very generous pour associated with it.From other Yelp reviews we decided to try the cioppino dish which did not disappoint. It was very tasty, had a nice marinara sauce and a hefty stew of various types of seafood. A large portion of pasta also was found at the bottom to help give the dish some starch. However since it's a plate for two it didn't leave us any leeway to try anything else on the menu. The lady beside us ordered a plate of scallops and we salivated as the dish was brought in front of her. There must have been over 10 large scallops on that plate... and all for about 25$! I can't comment on the taste of the scallops but them seemed well cooked.If I ever have a chance to go back to SF I would definitely return to Sotto Mare and order those scallops!
I get the concept - neighborhood joint, purposely gruff service, large portions, simple foods. They do a good job of that. The restaurant is small and 6 PM on a Saturday had us (party of 2) waiting a full hour and some change. We were seated at one of the counters which was fine... ordered the cioppino (big enough to share) and the yellowtail special. My biggest complaint of the entire dining experience is that it took forever for our food to come out. Which was especially annoying because the people immediately seated before us and the guy seated after us got their food and finished it before we got ours... The food itself was average to above average, depending on whether we were getting smoked out by the open kitchen concept. Prices were definitely reasonable. All in all, I'd give it 3.5 stars rounded down to 3. Best part: they aren't nickel and diming the crap out of you - the specials were the same price as the listed entrees / portions were generous Worst part: took almost an hour for our food to arrive after waiting an hour
Very rude service, food is OK! Don't bother the servers though they will lecture you. Menu is missleading so make sure you ask for details before your order.
Great food and centrally located in NorthBeach/little Italy. Try the pasta and scalloping seafood dish it's amazing. It's a small place and tight but you feel the breathe of the neighborhood in this place. The wait staff is good but very direct. Seafood was very fresh, menu is very limited but very good.
Wow! Our local friends chose this restaurant during our visit to San Fran. If I simply walked past I would have probably passed it by, but I am sure glad that we had our friend's guidance. Everything that we tried was absolutely fantastic! This place is tiny, and the wise know how good it is. I suggest reservations and come hungry. Try a few things on the menu, nothing we had disappointed. I would definitely eat here on our next visit.
Not much to say that hasn't already been said, this place is a gem. The hubby and I were on a walking tour of eateries in North Beach and this was the place that was recommended for Cioppino. As soon as the tour was over we walked over for lunch and were lucky enough to not have a wait. We sat at the bar, and ordered the Cioppino to share. We dug into the bread and butter and relished in the delicious aroma that filled this little spot. The bread was perfectly crusty and delish. The Cioppino was out quickly and was to die for!!! The owner was really friendly and spoke with all the patrons, this made me feel welcomed and made me feel as though he really puts his heart into his business. This was by far our favorite meal in SF, can't wait to return!
5 stars.... And I mean it! This place was everything that previous reviews raved about. My boyfriend and I arrived on a Saturday night, one of their peak periods. The wait was over an hour and a half long but they provide you with a pager in exchange for a credit card, and if you have nothing to do, there is a bar right next to it that has decently priced drinks. The parking isn't easy, so I would suggest parking at Portsmouth square plaza garage, which is a 10 minute walk from the restaurant and is also decently priced. The reason why I emphasize prices is because this restaurant lives up to its hype and deserves to be paid well. The service was wonderful, as busy as they are they had the best team to display top notch professionalism. Bread is complimentary following whatever you'd like to order. We ordered the West Coast oysters which were priced at $1.50 each but I wouldn't doubt that the East Coast oysters are worth it either. However, they are priced a dollar higher. If you order the cioppino for two, be prepared to take leftovers home if you feast upon the bread and order an appetizer. I am 100% sure everything at the restaurant is worth trying but I just followed previous reviews to mimic the wonderful experiences of others. Please, don't hesitate to try here! If you would like to impress your date who loves and can tell what food seafood is, try here! Just know they don't take reservations for two or less, so be prepared to drink at the next door bar!
Folks aren't lying. Their cioppino is "da bomb." And the house red pairs well. Service and ambiance could be better - hence the 4 stars.
And so it's been said, many times, many ways...SOTTO MARE IS BOMB. It's a North Beach MUST (along with Golden Boy Pizza. Have I even reviewed Golden Boy!?) if not a San Francisco MUST. Imagine a big, steaming creamy pile of linguine and as many clams as you can eat on top. And then sopping it all up with amazing crusty bread and butter (I'm a sucker for seafood in a cream sauce, so I always order that same thing) And the nicest service from people that have been working there their whole lives. And the generally awesome people watching vantage-point.My favorite part is how they have a table that's basically blocking the door of a hotel, so guests are trying to squeeze around the restaurant patrons all day. Very quaint and funny and DELICIOUS!
So, so, so, SO good! We came here during a marketing conference and absolutely had to stop by and get dinner.I'll start off with the environment - this place is located in an adorable part of San Francisco. There's so much character alone just in the restaurant and inside is TINY. Also - the kitchen is right up there in your business so you will come out smelling a little. But in a good way of course.I ordered the fettuccine with clams and cream sauce while my friend ordered the mussells and AHHH my noodles were amazing! I'm not a super huge seafood eater but the clams were delicious and the cream sauce was absolutely delectable with the perfect chewy consistency of the fettuccine. Oh my gosh I am slobbering right now just thinking about this place. I also tried some of my friend's mussells which were equally amazing. Our servers were fabulous and service was fantastic - I would definitely recommend coming early if you're hoping to skip the wait - anything past 7 will require you to wait at least 30 minutes to grab a table or spot at the bar. There's also a lot of regulars here and you can tell they're all friends with the employees.Pricing is pretty reasonable for a seafood eatery like this. In total for the fettuccine, mussells, two glasses of Chardonnay, and oyster shot, we paid somewhere between $75-80 total. I think Sotto Mare is a great place for a date or dinner and for someone who isn't even from San Francisco, I'd love to come back again someday and try out the rest of the menu.
I really, really don't want to give such a low rating to one of my favorite restaurants in the city (food-wise), but hey, someone has got to do it.I've been here on two separate occasions: The first time for a birthday dinner that went incredibly well, and just recently for a celebratory dinner for me moving back to the city - where I belong, no doubt. I'm giving 2-stars on account of the great experience the first time around. The service was great and the food was beyond delicious. My last visit, however, left an incredibly bad taste in my mouth as well as the rest of my party. So, here it goes:My party and I had a reservation for 9 pm. We were running late so I called Sotto Mare about an hour before to open up a dialogue and let them know of our situation. They said 9:30 would be their last seating. I said we would try our best. I called them again just to make sure that they would seat us if we arrived after 9:30. They said they would accommodate us, but just don't arrive too late. They were handling it pretty well at the front of the house, so that was reassuring.I dropped off my party around 9:40 and they got inside. I was left with the crummy job of finding parking. No valet. No spots anywhere. I should have planned ahead. No worries, I was informed that there was a parking lot across the street.So we put in our orders a bit before 10. Yes, it was past the 9:30 cut-off, but they said it was okay. This is where it gets ugly.We were seated all the way in the back. I guess you could say it was the worst seat in the house - I don't know. The real kicker was the attitude of all the line cooks literally 5 feet from us.They were purposely slamming dishes on prep tables, throwing and smashing dirty saute pans into the kitchen sink while cursing and just making a big stink about tickets coming in after a certain time. All of this while literally giving EVERYONE in my party the stink eye. It was so deliberate that none of us felt like they wanted us there. How the hell are people supposed to eat comfortably?Our waitress took it upon herself to try and buffer out the rude and aggressive ambiance, but how can one take the edge off a bunch of line cooks being assholes? I used to work in the industry. I know things can get hectic, but you can't pull that jazz with an open kitchen. None of this happened the last time I dined here, either.So, yeah, our dinner was pretty much ruined by a few bad apples. Nothing could have offset the nonsense we endured that night. Not even the great quality seafood - even a comp. One line cook felt so bad that he took it upon himself to ask me how the food was. I was thinking, "Yeah, it tastes great even with the spit in it!"It's going to be a long time before I ever think of coming back here again.
Maybe it was the fact that I spent an entire day spoiling myself on solo adventures in San Francisco....or maybe it was the amazing ambiance, food, service & smells that Sotto offered - but I would bet that if I come back I would rate this place 5 stars every time. Booze: Half Carafe of the house white wine Food: - Clam chowder: delicious with big servings of clam - linguine with chefs choice of seafood: not only was the pasta amazing, the chef put octopus, mussels, clams, shrimp & didn't skimp on any of the servings. You can get red or cream sauce OR you can get a mix (get a mix)! Could easily feed 2 if you have soup & oysters to start your meal. Ambiance: tight area but it feels like you have walked in to someone's personal home. The music playing is Frank Sinatra & the walls are checkered with fish figurines & pictures of the family, famous & memories. The wait staff was exactly how I like them - knowledgable, quick to the point and kept the glass full. No bullshit here. Suggestion: I came at 3pm and it was already getting busy so I can only imagine you should get there early or be patient with the wait. Looking forward to my next SF visit, this will be on the stops list.
The lobster linguine looked AMAZING and so did the chowder and oysters. I can't wait to go back. Oysters are $1.5-$2.5. The mussel steamers look amazing too and came in a huge portion. The pastas as a lot of food for one person. The wait at 7:30pm on a Tuesday was short and there was none at all if you were willing to be seated at the bar (which was fine and nice). The service is friendly and good. WHY DID IT TAKE ME SO LONG TO TRY THIS PLACE OUT?I had to get the cioppino since it is amazing there. It really is enough for 3 people not 2. There were 2 of us and we got the cioppino and the linguine with clams (garlic with olive oil..not red sauce) and it was as good as it gets outside of italy. There was enough food really for 4 people as we brought cioppino home and I think we ate too much.
What more can I say that hasn't been said about Sotto Mare? Finally after 10 years of visits to this city, I finally had a meal here. WOW! What an authentic experience in service and flavors! For starters, I had the oyster shooter - west coast style of course. YUMMMMYYY! How can you refuse a juicy oyster submersed in spicy tomato juice with a splash of vodka?? Yeah, that went down way too smooth. Could have made a meal out of those. For my main dish, I ordered a favorite and hard to find dish (in OC) of steamed mussels... Oh my, the butter, wine, garlic broth was thick and rich. Not watery like most I've had. And, not any hint of 'sea' either. Just robust, brothy broth. Perfect for soaking the crusty bread in. I wanted to drink it, but for sure would have needed a Lipitor and defibrulator. My friend had the linguine and clams. She had never had this before and just watching her delight in the texture of the silky, cream laden noodles with tender clams made me proud of her for taking a risk. Although, nothing here at Sotto Mare is risky. The reviews speak for themselves. Only thing I regret is that I did not get our server's name. She was awesome. Very motherly and attentive. Basically saw me grabbing my phone and charger and knew instinctively I needed to charge. She came up and took the phone saying I know what you need. LOL!! And, plugged it into an outlet behind the bar. When does that EVER happen? Love her. Can't wait to come here again!
I always eat here when I am in San Francisco. My only complaint is that everyone loves this place and the wait was over an hour and a half to get in. But, it was worth the wait.
There are very few things in life that I like more than I like seafood. So if you're like me and you're looking for a great place with good pasta and good seafood, then this is it. You're welcome :) I ordered the linguine with seafood, and it was nothing short of spectacular. It was loaded with mussels, clams, calamari, scallops and shrimp, and the pasta was cooked wonderfully. I was too full to finish my whole entree, but it was still delicious even as a leftover. And THAT is saying a lot. Great price for what you get too! Totally worth it and would definitely go again :)
3.5No wait around lunch time on a Tuesday.The cioppino looked amazing. It comes as a portion for two and the seafood looks really fresh. The taste was ok. I thought it could have used a little acidity to balance out the flavors. But when I added some Tabasco, the acidity from the Tabasco rounded out the flavors nicely.The linguine with seafood had good seafood flavors but the sauce was a tad on the bland side. The pasta was cooked well. The clam chowder was good but could have been thicker.
My husband and I were there last week.We had never eaten Cioppino....it was delicious! Love the atmosphere in the restaurant. Service was excellent and they were packed. We will be back on our next visit
This is likely one of the best meals I have had in recent memory! While visiting SF on business, I found that reservations are hard to secure. Since there were only two of us, we figured we would just try to walk in. Luckily, there was only a 20 minute wait. The hostess was great and even offered us drinks while we waited. We ended up grabbing seats at the bar that opened up sooner and it was awesome. The bar seats overlook the kitchen and provided a really cool experience watching all the action. Shelley was our server and acted as if she was my mother or aunt serving us family dinner. It totally added to the dinner...in a positive way. All I have to say, is get the cioppino. It was absolutely phenomenal. I even tried to buy the sauce to take home but they didn't recommend it since I was traveling back to Philadelphia from SF. Go there. Eat the cioppino!
You are almost at 5 stars! Let me start with the good news. This place is affordable and the food is great. The cioppino is amazing, as well as the clams and risotto, they really capture that fresh seafood taste (aka no fishiness, how ironic). The problem here is the atmosphere. It's loud and extremely hot! Come here in layers because this place is sweltering inside. In addition to that, it's packed so service is not quite up to snuff (forgetting bucket to cool wine, hard to get attention, tough to get refills on water and bread). But, man if you could just throw in an AC unit and be more attentive to your guests, you have a 5 star joint here.Nonetheless, the food was amazing, the company even better, and I will definitely be making another visit to Sotto Mare.
I had the chance to dinner at this much talked about north beach gem and it did not disappoint. I was looking for an Italian restaurant with seafood as opposed to traditional and heavier family style Italian. Don't get me wrong, the portions here are still substantial; however, given that the past dishes are seafood based asking with the other seafood dishes I did not leave the restaurant feeling like a glutton even though I was full.We decided to try the clam chowder which was excellent to start and I ordered the linguini seafood special which was excellent. Even better they let you choose tomato based sauce, garlic and olive oil, cream based, or you can even get a mix of creamy and tomato. The dish was excellent, piping hot filled with tons of fresh seafood and the amount and body of the sauce was prefect. My bell had the crab Diablo special with the garlic and olive oil based sauce and it was excellent as well. Also, light and filled with a whole steamed crab. I love the fact that the restaurant has a local feel and is not pretentous-just good food.
Due to the laze of one of my friends, who happens to live super close to Sotto Mare, I was able to knock off another one of my many, many bookmarks. Shame it was quite the disappointment though. The three of us split:* Clam Chowder - Not bad, but not even as good as the clam chowder you can get at the tourist traps along the pier, like Boudin.* Scallop Alfredo Linguine - How can alfredo be this bland?! Honestly, while the linguine and scallops themselves were good, all we tasted was milk and cream, with maybe a pinch of salt. We ended up pouring sauce from the cioppino into this dish to help add more flavor.* Crab Cioppino - Speaking of which, seriously, how can the alfredo be so bland when the cioppino was so salty?! There was definitely some good flavor in this dish, and pretty fresh (albeit scarce, especially when it came to the crab) seafood, but it could have done with far less salt. I wonder if they accidentally put the alfredo's salt into our cioppino instead?While the food isn't terrible, there are far better (and more convenient) Italian places around the city, so I can't see myself trekking out this way again.***Accessibility Info***Venue - A fairly tiny and narrow restaurant, with a bar/counter along one side, and tables along the other. Spacing is definitely tight, not only between the tables, but in the aisle between the counter and tables, so maneuverability can be a bit difficult. Bathroom - Didn't try them, so no comment.
Everything was outstanding. Look at the pictures everyone has posted. Enough said!.....
The cioppino was a huge portion, very tasty red sauce, like a seafood bolognese sauce  has penne noodles, seafood is very fresh and delicious.  We also ordered the East Coast West Coast oysters on the half shell. The West Coast were creamy and briny and East Coast were more sweet. Both were very delicious and we ended up ordering more. The clam chowder was rich and creamy, premium full flavor.  This is my new favorite spot in San Fran will come here every time.
One word - Cioppino. You MUST get it when you come here. This place has a million reviews and 4.5 stars for a reason people. They have perfected the seafood they make and you've got to have the experience. I came here with a pretty large group for dinner. Everyone was thrilled with their meals, even the vegetarians. Word of advice - make a reservation in advance. This place is in high demand (for good reason) and you don't want to miss your chance to come cause you forgot to call ahead!Also BYOB!!!
Hands down best seafood spot in San Francisco. Get their clamp chowder and cioppino, you won't be disappointed. It's a small place to if you have more than four people, be sure and make a reservation.
Good. Decent. Ok.Atmosphere was great - dumpy, rustic, air hot, oily, and smokey from the same-room-kitchen churning out dishes...If you're a tomato sauce kind of person - this place will be amazing. Everything had tomato sauce... Bloody Mary oyster shooter, cioppino, oysters only served w cocktail sauce...The risotto was gritty, not smooth and delicate like risotto should be. The chowder was thick like pot pie cream, full of clam and went perfectly with buttered bread. The oysters were fresh but they were only served w cocktail sauce, whelp.I'll be back to try the cioppino, but I get a feeling this place is not worth the wait or hype...
This. THIS! This was exactly the kind of meal I was expecting to have at North Beach. Sotto Mare is everythingggg. It's been a long time since I've had a meal in what felt like an authentic Italian comfort food restaurant. I felt like I was eating at my Aunt's house, at the small table in her kitchen. It was so comfortable! It was definitely cozy, but I never felt crowded. We were seated after a relatively short wait (about 45 mins? We had a drink at the bar next door) and greeted at our table with a basket of deliciously crispy Italian bread with butter. Looking around, the place was packed. Oldies were playing on the stereo -- just the kind of music I'd find playing at my relatives' houses.Now, let's talk about the food. The food is OUT OF THIS WORLD. There are only a few things on the menu (compared with most other Italian restaurants), but clearly these items are all executed extremely well. Everything on the menu was fresh -- fresh pasta, fresh fish, fresh shellfish.My fiance couldn't resist trying a bowl of their Chowder as an appetizer. It was thick & hearty with lots of fresh seafood & bacon! It was creamy & had a really nice peppery flavor to it. And okay, yes ... I really liked it too. (I know, I hate soup! But seriously! It's really THAT good.) It's a generous serving for an appetizer, but if you can afford the room, I highly recommend it.Now my fiance insisted that we have dinner here because of the Cioppino, so that's what he ordered -- even though it is offered for two! It was absolutely epic, and considering that I don't even like soup, I really liked it. That should tell you how amazing it is. Plus, I think that "for two" is a conservative estimate, because I think it could have served 3 or 4 hungry Italians easily. The giant bowl was filled to the brim with shellfish, fresh fish, fresh sauce, & a generous sprinkling of fresh basil. He was blown away by how good it was -- probably some of the best he's ever had.I know what you're thinking: "Did she just watch him eat everything?" Of course not! I ordered one of my favorite foods: Linguine with Manila Clams. And I can offer you a first-hand account of how amazing this dish is. I've never had it so fresh, and so delicious. The pasta was perfect, the Manila Clams were exquisite, and the sauce was lightly creamy with just the perfect amount of fresh roughly chopped garlic (which, if you're Italian, you know is a lot of garlic). And once again, of course, the dish was topped with fresh herbs. I had a really hard time *not* eating the entire bowl. My gosh, this was the absolute best linguine & clams I've ever had in my life.We practically rolled out of the restaurant when we were done. I almost didn't want to leave -- I was expecting to move to a plastic-covered couch for coffee & cookies! It's kind of amazing that Sotto Mare can have a charming, "homey"-feeling restaurant and still serve excellent, top-of-the-line seafood dishes. Our experience was just amazing, and I'd go back in a heartbeat.
This place is amazing, by far the best seafood restaurant I have been to in the city! A hidden gem! We arrived around 9 pm on a Wednesday and had to wait 30 minutes for a table. Honestly, I would wait for hours because it is so good! The hostess gave us a pager so we would know when our table was ready. The cool thing is the pager works on the whole block so we left to grab a drink at the bar next door.When we sat down for dinner, the server was attentive and fast. We started with a dozen east coast oysters (delish!) and a bottle of Chardonnay. Then we shared a bowl of clam chowder- sooo good! Definitely one of the best in the city. Next we had the special which was a whole crab, garlic, chili flakes and green onion over linguini. This was amazing!!!! The crab was tender and flavorful- melt in your mouth good! We also ordered fettuccine Alfredo which was delicious. I can't wait to come back here, the service was great and the food is unbeatable. Also, the prices are very reasonable. Don't miss it!!
Mediocre at its best. Ordered grilled salmon and it came out dry with no seasoning and cafeteria style veggies. $24Crab cioppino was ok. Teeny little cheap shrimp with maybe a few larger ones. A few baby mussels and maybe 2 or 3 small crab legs. Sauce didn't have much flavor and store bought pasta. $41 House salad came with shredded lettuce and a couple of pieces of tomatoes with no flavor. Piece de resistance was what must have been bottled islands dressing. Ugh. $6.50Not staying for dessert. With so many fantastic restaurants in the area, this one was a major disappointment on our last night at Frisco.
We read the reviews and decided to try this place.They deserve the 5 stars for great service and great food .Family enjoyed it we'll be back!
Classic Italian. Sit at the counter. Not everything cooked to perfection but we loved it. No pretense. Just good honest food. Cioppino for two is excellent as is the seafood linguini. And as we were leaving the chef let us sample the sand dabs ... Delicate and awesome.
The best cioppino I've ever had. And it shows with how busy this place gets, even on a weekday. I got there around 8 pm on a Thursday with a group of 5 and we waited about an hour before getting in. The restaurant is much larger than it looks from the outside. The bowl is large enough for two to share and the amount of seafood in there is very generous. Broth is so flavorful and I was wishing I got my own bowl. My friend felt the same way and we actually ended up ordering a second one. Definitely a do not miss and a great place to try the SF classic. It's well worth the hype!
Gotta love returning to a place years later and having it be every bit as good as your last visit! That was the case at Sotto Mare, where the cioppino simply remains without equal!
I love a place that makes me feel like I'm part of the neighborhood. I got to know the cook, not well enough to get his name, but to get his life history - he grew up in berkeley and is friends with the owner of the building. The fish is fresh, I had the sea bass with lemon, olive oil and arugula, and I had an oyster shot, which was my first one and very good. I'm def. coming back here - it's so hard for me to find lunch places that serve fish (I don't eat meat).
Scotto mare is seafood only and no other type of meat. So if you don't like seafood this is not for you. Came here with a party of 8 for a friends birthday. We ordered : 2 ciopinnos : Serving size was amazing. It probably serves 3 people ! The taste was great and it had a ton of seafood. If I come back i d surely have this again. Scallop in Alfredo sauce and fettuccine : bland and not too much meat Risotto : was pretty good and had a good amount of seafoodHouse wine : Carafe is a good dealOverall the food was good but the service was a bit slow and food was quite pricey for the ambience.
Delicious large choppino! Definitely a must try here. The fisherman's soup was filled with tons of seafood, including shrimp, calamari, octopus, scallops, and crab, tossed with penne pasta in this delicious, garlicy red sauce. Request extra bread to soak up the sauce!! Scallops were also good, as we're the pasta dishes. Oysters were fresh too!
This place is really outstanding. We had a half order of crab legs, the sand dabs and the scallop saut. Everything was delicious and the place has an authentic/old school feel to it. Highly recommend!
Richie and Linda have an Awesome Joint. The Clam Chowder and Seafood Risotto was FANTASTICThanks Richie and Linda from Fuzzy and Kristin!!
I use to see signs to this restaurant all the time back when I volunteered at a clinic over the summer. I never knew what cioppino was, but after looking it up I got extremely excited because...I LOVE seafood! Came here on a Saturday night around 6 PM. There is a line to the hostess to simply get your name down. They give you a lobster buzzer (which I named Mr. Pinchy, like from the simpsons) which allows you to walk around block, or even go to the nearby bars to wait. I was estimated around 20-40 mins, but we didn't get called until a little over an hour. Now here is a breakdown of the food/service!FOOD- Raw oysters : we ordered both the west and east coast raw oysters. I wasn't able to tell apart which one was which, but the smaller ones were definitely the best raw oysters I ever tried. Would recommend!- Cioppino : This is my first time ever trying cioppino but I am not a fan of it. For those who never tried it before, I would describe it as a tomato seafood pasta soup, with crab, mussels, clam and squid. I personally prefer a more flavorful thick sauce rather than a tomato seafood soup. It was good though, but not my cup of tea.- Clam chowder : This was not the best chowder I ever tasted, but it was decent. It supposedly had bacon in it, but I didn't really taste the bacon in it? The soup consistency was a little runny, which might be why I thought it lacked in flavor.SERVICE: They are busyy! The store was small, but the service was not that great. We asked for a drink menu and it was never brought to us. It took us about 10-15mins before we can get the attention of the waiter to ask for the check.
Their signs says "BEST DAMN CIOPPINO" and they are right! Incredible food from a cozy and quaint Italian cafe. I celebrated my birthday here with my wife and we both loved the food and service. I would come back here again and again. Thank you Soto Mare for reviving my belief in great italian food.
Before you start reading, there's one thing you should know - Make a reservation! This place gets very busy, especially one weekends. My party of 5 made a reservation for 7.30 pm on a Saturday (a week in advance is fine). When we arrived, the place was bustling - so many people in a huge restaurant, with servers walking around carrying plates of steaming food. We quickly got seated in the basement part of the restaurant - but not before we stole longing glances to other tables' food.We ordered a couple of appetizers and entrees to share - family style is usually my favorite since you get to try so many things. The highlights were definitely the entrees, which we got:1) Cioppino - generous portion of seafood, flavorful tomato sauce with al dente penne to balance out the flavor. So good! No wonder it's highly recommended on yelp!2) Risotto - another entree we chose because other yelpers raved about it. It's drier than the usual risotto, while my personal preference is for risotto to be slightly creamier. Again, the seafood was generous and fresh.3) Pasta with bay scallops - usually comes with white sauce, but the restaurant very nicely subbed pesto for me upon request. This was a surprise hit for me. The pesto flavor was strong but not overpowering, and went well with the bay scallops. There were also so many scallops! One area for improvement would be the bread, which was cold and slightly hard. Other than that, it was a great dining experience!
I'm not sure why this restaurant has such glowing reviews, especially for the cioppino. While the portion was generous, the soup was too thick, and almost tasted like a vat of pasta sauce with all the herbs thrown in, which I thought overpowered the natural sweetness that should've come from the seafood. Personally, I prefer a thinner cioppino with a consistency more like a red bouillabaisse.We also ordered the sauteed scallops, and the entire dish, including the vegetables, was swimming in melted butter.Fortunately, we had reservations so the wait was nonexistent. If you're a local, skip this tourist trap.
Sotto Mare was good. Very busy restaurant, but it has a lot of space, so can accommodate quite a few people. Service was good. We ordered the Shrimp Louis to start. I wasn't impressed and would not order that again. Also tried the mussels, which were quite good. The Crab Cioppino didn't quite live up to its name, but it was ok. By far the best dessert menu I have ever seen at a restaurant!!! I was impressed.
I'm gonna be honest from the pictures on Yelp it didn't look very appetizing and we were considering not coming. We passed by and saw that it was jam packed. So we took a shot! And we weren't disappointed! The ciopinno seemed to be a popular dish when we walked in and we decided to go with it. Perfect amount of food for two people, the sauce full of flavor, loaded with shrimp, calamari, mussels, clams & 1/2 a crab.
Don't get me wrong. The food is 5-star excellent and the prices are quite reasonable for San Francisco, CA. You cannot get better seafood, except maybe in Naples, Italy.However, the service is lacking. We came at the end of lunch rush, didn't have to wait in line on a Friday at 1:30 pm. Our favorite place to be seated is in the back, at the counter, to watch the sous chefs work their magic with the mussels, clams, sand dabs, and other sea creatures. The sauces are full of olive oil, white wine, and lots of butter.  We were so mesmerized by the chefs---- we didn't even mind the waitress not taking our orders for nearly 30 minutes, but the bread and water kept us satisfied until we finally got our food.Nevertheless, this place deserves a 4 star rating and we probably came on a bad day.I will probably return and hopefully the service will improve to allow for a better rating next time!
I was about to claim our lobster buzzer as a pet and give it a name after carrying her (yes, female) around with me at the neighboring bars. Handled with care, of course. Unfortunately, my lobster-sitting time came to an end after we checked in with the two friendly hostesses in the narrow entrance two hours after receiving her. The liveliness of North Beach gets only louder and hotter as you get funneled into the restaurant. While the outside tables offer breathing room and the opportunity to have your food ogled by hungry passerby, at the counter (where we sat) you'll be hit full force with the sights, sounds, and smells (oh, the AROMA!) of what I hope are authentic Italian seafood plates. Before you complain about how cramped and small the counter must be - let me note that two of us were able to fit a bread basket, our water pitcher, a huge plate of Sand Dabs, two dinner plates, and the legendary Cioppino between us (our cup of Chowder had already been whisked away). It's not a roomy situation, to be sure, but wide enough to fit your dining needs. Did you forget that you were in an Italian restaurant? Before setting down a bread basket with thick slices of bread, our waitress warned us to go easy as there was a lot of food coming out. Of course the wait did nothing to help my common sense, so we made fast work of the bread while alternately admiring the multitasking abilities of the chefs and the crowded wall of old-timey photos and nautical trinkets. There was no more bread by the time the Clam Chowder came out about 10 min later, which turned out fine because it was seasoned just right, and the consistency was as chowdery as they come. Our Crab Cioppino and Sand Dabs came out at the same time another few minutes later. This was my first time eating cioppino so I have no authority to claim it as the "Best Damn" cioppino, but I love hearty, balanced soups and this giant bowl was one of them. It's piled high with all sorts of goodies including scallops, shrimp, and (of course) crab legs, as well as heaps of penne pasta. Although I do wish there was less pasta and more of that delicious tomato soup, we underestimated the weightiness of the almighty cioppino and couldn't finish it. Eat the Sand Dabs while they're fresh out of the kitchen! The first one I had was all crispy deliciousness. Later, after a few rounds of cioppino, the thin slices became soggier and the oil was more prominent than the flavor of the fish itself. I was tempted to eat the whole pile of cooked spinach since that was pretty much the only vegetation in the meal, but my stomach was protesting pretty loudly at that point. So in case you were wondering - not a vegetarian-appropriate place.We had fantastic service the whole time we were here. Laura and the other hostess (sorry! forgot her name) are equally welcoming and funny, and I felt like part of a big, garlic-smelling family. Seriously. Go to the bathroom to escape the noise and heat and you'll realize that all the olive oil seems to have evaporated and settled into your clothes. Even though the all-black toilets look like dark holes, even they can't suck the smell away.
Food1.) Raw oysters 2.) Scallop shrimp - 3.) CioppInnoYum, everything was pretty good SERVICE goodATMOSPHERELove how divy kitchy and local it feels, lots of knock knacks and what not in the decor, in the middle of north beach very cute neighborhood
I read about this place on line, and then we spotted it upon arrival in SF. I poked in to see what the scene was like, and ended up reserving a table for Monday dinner. Our table was ready when we got there. Drinks were served, and we started with some oysters on the half shell. They were a bit spawny, but I guess that is expected this time of year in the West. They were still tasty and went down nicely with an Anchor Steam.My wife got crab linguine and my son and I had the cioppino. We polished off every bit of food except a few fragments of ziti in the bottom of the cioppino. We soaked up most of the sauce with bread.The ambiance is busy, and it appears very crowded, but I did not feel crowded at all and the noise level was fine for conversation. All of the food coming out of the slammed kitchen looked fantastic. The price/value, service, and food were all top notch. Highly recommended.
I love this place!!! Great food, great atmostphere! This is our favorite restaurant to visit any time of the year!!
We were searching for a new seafood spot to try in SF for our last dinner of our most recent trip. After cruising the Yelp reviews, we found a few on Green Street. We headed down via Muni #30 (I love SF Muni system. I'd willingly give up my ride here in LA if we had such an efficient public transportation system).We stopped by a neighboring restaurant to view there menu then headed to Sotto Mare. We got there about 530pm and it was already packed. So grateful the wonderful hostess managed to squeeze us in between reservations. It's a simple menu which I always appreciate. For starters, we had the Crab Louie and I had the (western) oyster shooter, followed by a bowl of clam chowder. Crab Louie--Delicious sweet crab on top of a bed of lettuce. My favorite salad.Oyster Shooter-wonderfully sweet oyster. Wanted more but had to leave room for the rest of the meal.Clam chowder--Great bowl. Well seasoned with that smoky bacon flavor. For the meal, we had the Cioppino. I am not a fan of Cioppino as I don't really care for the taste of a tomato based broth. BUT this Cioppino was AWESOME. You can tell someone took the time to really develop a great seafood broth and built the Cioppino around this awesome broth. It comes in a huge bowl (shared among 2.5, wife+Junior) overflowing with crab (in shell), clams, squid, shrimp, mussels and the best part pasta. The pasta worked perfectly to soak up that delicious broth. Every bite got better.A wonderful last meal for our SF visit. We will be back again.
One of my all time favorite restaurants (Sodini's) was having a rare private event and Anna sent me here. I've been here 4 times since and been happy with the choice every time.From excellent chowder (I used to live in Boston, I am a court appointed expert on chowdah) to great oysters and pretty much everything else I have tried - Sotto Mare is just a bustling all around great spot for quick and delicious seafood.
Gad, I love this place. Waited an hour and half gladly, got the last plate of scallops of the night. The food, ambience, all perfect for an evening in North Beach. I always swear I won't leave SF without eating at Sotto Mare. Thanks to Rich and his lovely wife for the chat and kindness.
Great place for seafood in San Fran. I am not. Local, so go by recommendations.  Excellent place, intimate decor, local flavor, great seafood menu. Started with raw oysters and went to cioppino!
Being from NYC I have had a lot of delicious Italian food. There cioppino was superb, the sauce is the best I have ever had.
I took my family here when they visited San Francisco in the summer. The food was delicious! We ordered the cioppino, the seafood risotto, the seafood linguini, the clam chowder, and grilled fish fillets. Yum! My favourites were the seafood risotto and the seafood linguini. All the seafood was cooked perfectly. The restaurant can get a bit stuffy though.
The food tookA little longer than expected but my gosh, the food was just fantastic. The price is not bad at all for for you get. The oysters and the clams were super fresh. Open kitchen with friendly staffs. Everything was perfect.
Not what I expected when I read that this place was an Italian & Seafood restaurant. Lively ambience with a seafood kitchen feel. Loud yet relaxed. It's a bit on the smaller side but the busboys and waitresses are prompt and people are in and out fairly quick. This was our "dinner before dinner" and so we sat at the bar for a quick appetizer. We only tasted the west coast oysters and had a bowl of their clam chowder. Oysters were large and very fresh. The horseradish is hot but I like when it burns and clears my sinuses so no problems with that. Clam chowder was better than the one I had in Seattle and in Boston so I say it's a winner! I don't like salty food and didn't think the chowder was too salty. The complimentary bread has a crispy crust yet the inside is very soft. Dip that in your chowder!!We were really pleased by the ambience and the taste of our oysters and clam chowder that we debated on whether or not to stay for a full dinner and order the cioppino! I was adamant on trying a new restaurant I've had my eye on but wouldn't have minded staying! I will definitely be back. Great for a quick seafood fix at a good price!
My fianc and I are from San Jose and we had heard about Sotto Mare from friends. His family came to visit from New York. So, friday we decided to treat them to a nice dinner out and chose Sotto Mare for dinner. I cannot tell you how Great the food was, and how Great our service was!!! Shelly was our waitress, and we couldn't of had a better experience.We definitely will go back. We definitely want Shelly as our server again! Sotto mare is the best! I highly recommend going there!
Solid. Closer to true Italian cuisine then most Americanized restaurants. The seafood was fresh and good, but a lot of the menu is repeated with the same sauces or variations of a sauce... Not really a bad thing but the menu is a lot smaller than it looks. Definitely $$$ and not a $$ as listed.
I went here last night to celebrate my bday and it did not disappoint! They had a 45 minute wait but gave us a lobster buzzer and said it would go off when our table was ready as long as we stayed within the block. The wait was actually only 30 minutes (yes I timed it) and the bar said we could bring our drinks with us and that Sotto Mare would return them later. We ordered the Cioppino for $42 and while it says it's enough for 2, it's totally enough for 3 smaller people! If you're a 250lb football player then no. Service isn't the greatest but the food totally trumps it! It's easily the best Cioppino I've had and I'll totally be back!
I swear this place is delicious! It's expensive but all worth it. 5 of us spent about $300. But we ate and drank too much The waitress was very accommodating. I asked for clams with red sauce and she made it happen. So much freshness and flavor. We were seated downstairs and I swear for a moment I thought it's because we are Asian. And then the hostess seated a large group of Asians right next to us. For sure I was right!! But when we got back upstairs we found some other fellow Yellows. It was hilarious. But check out the pic for a funny moment. Btw- downstairs is much quieter and you'll avoid smelling like dinner afterwards.
Came here for Cioppino. The seafood was great and plentiful, but the broth and pasta didn't do it for me! I know this place is the staple for cioppino, but my experience was just pretty good. Friendly service and not too busy on a Wednesday around lunchtime, our party for 2 got seated right away.
Absolutely lived up to reviews!!Service was fast and friendly. We sat outside and had some oysters as an app, then split breaded halibut in lemon butter with capers, and a side of pasta with a pesto sauce. Delicious!
Went there last night with a couple of friends. The place does not seem so nice from the outside but the owners are super friendly and the food is very tasty!We started off with Benita's Baccala, is was delicious, and with some smoked salmon flavored with lemon juice.We then ate Fettuccine with Smoked Salmon, they were my favorites!! The mussels and clam steamers were very good!We finished eating a grilled rex sole that was soft and tasty.I would recommend Sotto Mare to friends!
Been here 4 times in the last month...that says it all :)
Great place! The Seafood Risotto is to die for - full of squid, scallops, muscles, shrimp! We had oysters on the half she'll that were so fresh and tasty. The girls had Fettuccine Alfredo and loved it. Prawn cocktail was excellent as well. Open since 1862. Definitely a great place to eat and a little piece of history!
This is one of the best seafood I ever eaten. We tried the west coast oysters and the cioppino and I have to say it was the best! The restaurant is the Classic Italian trattoria, very informal and familiar. I loved it.
Sotto Mare definitely has the best damn cioppino I've ever had. It comes out piping hot and chock full of fresh and delicious clams, shrimp, mussels, crab, squid and fish. The dish is meant to be shared, but even then it's no joke, it's a serious seafood bounty, so come really hungry if you plan to have it. Sotto Mare fortifies their cioppino with pasta, so the purists out there may grumble. I didn't care, plus the pasta takes nothing away. Pro tip: don't waste room in your stomach on bread before the cioppino arrives; save it so you can sop up the soup with it.
So sad...new owners...not organized...took forever to get a table because so disorganized. This used to be my favorite restaurant in North Beach & I recommended it to anyone visiting SF. We were celebrating that night but dinner put a damper on the evening. The clam chowder was still good but the cioppino went downhill. The sauce wasn't the same, less crab & some of the seafood was overcooked. An era is over.
High quality seafood at great prices. Tucked away in Little Italy this Italian Seafood restaurant is much cheaper & better then the wharf. The ambiance is casual & loud with the open kitchen upstairs in the main dining hall. The staff is mostly one big family & are always nice but not very attentive during the dinner rush. I came here for the food, however, and it is to die for. I would recommend everything! It is all great! The oysters are fresh, the clam chowder (with bacon) is amazing, & the steemer pots are incredible! Great place to buy a bottle of wine & talk at length with friends on the patio. PS the place books up at dinner. Expect a 30-60 min wait on weekends.
A HIDDEN GEM-A MUST GO TO-BEST FOOD IN SAN FRANIt is unfortunate we found this place on the last day of our Holiday. The food was fabulous, the service was fabulous, the portions were HUGE! I had the Clam Linguini (compliments to the chef) My husband had the Bay Scallop Fettuccine (again compliments to the chef). Fresh baked bread was given to us as we were seated. I know if this place was in Portland I'd be there every week. That being said by a professional food snob that I am.I'D GIVE THEM MORE STARS IF I COULD
I am such a seafood junkie and this place did not disappoint! Even though I live in San Diego, I visit SF frequently and absolutely love discovering new places. I am so happy that I found this hidden gem. Loved the crab cocktail and the cioppino!! Best ever!! Worth the wait!
DELIZIOSO!!! Is what I always tell the waitress after a hearty (HUGE) bowl of Cioppino!Sotto Mare has been my go-to place for my monthly Cioppino date night. I never made reservations and was seated immediately, I suggest coming here before the 6PM dinner rush. What I love about this place is the waitress, the speediness of their services, and quality of their food. I can only speak for the Cioppino since it is the only item I have ordered. The portion is very generous, so get one to share is ideal. The Cioppino comes with king crab legs (already cracked so you can just tear it apart), calamari, jumbo prawns, baby scallops and penne pasta. The broth is flavorful and savory, every bite tastes better than the last. I also love saving the bread they give out and dip it in the sauce, yum-oh!!! So far I sat at the bar, regular dining table and outside patio, and never received a shortage of services. I could go on and on about how much I love this place, but their food and atmosphere speak for itself. Come here for the best damn Cioppino in the city and you won't be disappointed!!
This place has so much character. I've been here twice now, and I've tried a few things, but I've yet to try the cioppino yet, but i'll be back for it some day. There is seating inside and outside, and inside there is table or bar. The oyster shooters were pretty good.The steamed mussels/clams were delicious (white wine broth).Clam chowder was good.Raw oysters were fresh!All the seafood I've had here was quite fresh.Good selection of beer for seafood.My most memorable moment:Upon my first visit here, I came in relatively close to closing (I mean like an hour before). I stayed a while and while they were cleaning and shutting things down, they played the song "Who the F**k is Alice" by Smokie. There comes a part in the song where it goes "Alice! Who the f**k is Alice?" and all the waiters and waitresses and some of the customers (regulars I guess?) sang along to it. The whole place paused for that, and it was superbly awesome. Everybody was having a good time and good vibes all around. Summary:Good and fresh seafood, good vibes, good beer; what's not to love about this place?Recommended and will return!
Excellent seafood, especially the Cioppino! The Candoni Pinot Noir wine wasn't very good, and the house salad was even worse (iceberg lettuce and a couple of tomato slices). But as long as you stay with the seafood, you'll have an awesome dining experience! The yellow tuna special was excellent, along with the seafood linguini. The Cioppino was the best dish -- the broth was really flavorful and there was a solid portion of crab and other mixed seafood. The risotto was good, but not as great as the other dishes. The atmosphere is extremely casual (a paper towel roll is on the table in place of napkins). Service is very busy and can be slow. Call well in advance for a reservation and request you are seated downstairs, but note that they do not accept a reservation for parties of two. Highly recommend this place if you are visiting San Francisco!!
Came here for dinner with my husband and the place was packed! We had to wait a bit because they don't take reservations, so we just wrote down our names & went to a bar nearby for drinks.When we were finally seated (at the counter, where we got front row seats to the hot kitchen), we got the CIOPPINO, which was HUGE and DELICIOUS!!! Only 4 stars and not 5 because they don't take reservations, which is kind of annoying. BUT, the food was delicious.
While in town, I wanted to go to every place in San Fran where I could find good and hopefully inexpensive oysters and this place was sufficient. Selection was pretty small (only East and West coast) but the price was just was I was looking for ($1.5-$2.5 each). Unfortunately, I could not say the same for the other items on the menu and ended up spending over $60 just for my lunch. I wanted to give it 4 stars, but the service was just not there. I sat outside alone for a long time especially after I was given my check. I actually ended up going inside to get someone to ring me up after ~10min,All that said, still had good food and worth a visit.
Great seafood. I had the flounder - very good. Price is right for the best seafood in the heart of North Beach, where prices are high and value not so good.
Yum! This place was great! Service was awesome and the food was excellent, especially the clam chowder that we specifically came here for. We will definitely be coming back here when we're in SF again.
Food was good, but who cares if you get a terrible service and an hours wait for your meal to get on a table??? The waitress was rude to us, I understand she was in a hurry serving 6 tables, but it's not our fault! And the wait time for the meals to get cooked is ridiculous. And in my opinion it's not even worth it, taste was mediocre!
I loved the seafood linguine!! It was delicious! After a day of my first visit to Alcatraz I planned to eat here. Sotto Mare is a 16 minute walking distance from the Pier. Luckily for me, I parked equidistant from the restaurant and the pier which I highly recommend on a weekend because parking can be very difficult to find. I made reservations about 2 weeks in advance. After getting situated, we ordered the Benita's baccala to go along with our bread and I ordered the seafood liguine to share. We still had leftovers ! It was a very large dish. The seafood linguine was delicious and soo creamy. The clams were also very good and left you with a legitimate seafood taste. I love seafood and the cream + seafood really harmonized. I would definitely come back to try the cioppino or risotto.
Although the space was cramped and it was really loud the food was really good for the price. My family and I came here for our Christmas dinner and we all left happy. The hostess was extremely friendly, our waitress less so but still not the worse service I had. More importantly, the food!! We ordered the west coast oysters on half shell (they didn't have the east coast), the best damn crab ciopinno for two ($41), mussel/clam steamer ($21), linguine with manila clams ($19), linguine with seafood ($19) and a bottle of trebbiano.I highly recommend the oysters on half shell and the best damn crab ciopinno! The oysters were so fresh I could've probably ate a whole dozen by myself. The best damn crab ciopinno had crab, mussels, clams, shrimp, you name it. I think my favorite part of that dish was the broth, it was flavorful but not overly sweet or acidity like most tomato broths. The wine was also good and a great pairing for the night.The mussel/clam steamer was not as good as I expected it to be, but I am comparing it to the maine's steamers. For the price and quantity I would just opt for the ciopinno. The linguine with manila clams was good, but definitely not the highlight of the meal. Unfortunately our waitress forgot to order the linguine with seafood but by the time we finished everything else we were already too full to eat anything else. Can't wait to come back for my second round of fresh seafood!
I reserved a table for my hubby's birthday. You have to have three or more to get reservations, so I invited our son to join us, lol... Our waitress' name was Shelly and she was awesome--down to earth and entertaining. We ordered by her recommendation, sharing the sand dabs and the Cioppino with the boys ordering chowder first. Gigi the owner stopped by to see if we were happy, THAT must be an easy job here because everything was amazing... It is loud and a little cramped but great! Every night when we walked the area, they had lines out the door, even one Wednesday night when the rest of the town looked closed down. There is a quieter area downstairs but I like it in the middle of the crazy. They have a counter, so if there are just two of you or you are solo, you don't have to wait as long for a table. Then you get to watch them cook, as the kitchen is right there. They also have tables outside in front of the restaurant.
Wanted to like it more then I did. In the heart of Little Italy. To its credit, the choices are limited and focused. We just didn't love all the choices (pretty much all Seafood). We came here hungry and left stuffed. We had a soup dish that I can remember it's name, that was more then enough for 2-3 people.
My friend and I got here pretty late on a Tuesday evening -- around 8, 8:30. We still had to wait an hour! I wanted to try the cioppino, but we decided to get $1.50 oysters (yes!!) and split the fettuccine with bay scallops. Great decision!The fettuccine was creamy and rich, but not overly so. The pasta was cooked al dente, and there was fresh parsley peppered throughout which made the dish even better. Since they're bay scallops, they're pretty small, but they give you a substantial serving. The oysters were fresh and their bread was tasty. Additional bread is available on request. It's a pretty casual spot, but I so saw plenty of couples here on a date. It's a restaurant I would take visitors who don't mind a wait and who enjoy good seafood. Can't wait to come back!
I have to say the "BEST DAMN CRAB CIOPPINO" has become one of my favorite food on earth!!! We went to Sotto Mare twice during our short four-day stay in San Francisco 'cause we just cannot help missing the crab cioppino. We even thought about having a takeout to home if it's allowed to be on a plane, lol. Terribly miss it now.Ps. Don't waste your money and stomach to try their grilled sand dabs though.
I heard all the rave reviews for the cioppino .... And they were right. I just about licked the bowl clean. We waited more than 90 minutes and I can honestly say it was worth it. The owner (I'm guessing) was working the hostess stand and was super friendly. My only complaint, and I knew this as soon as I walked in to the tiny and very busy restaurant, is that it is not a comfortable or romantic atmosphere. Sooo... 5 stars for the cioppino and 3 for the atmosphere.
This was the first time I have been here in San Francisco during my vacation so me and my girlfriend was so happy with this the best Italian restaurant in green st, San Francisco Bay, CA. I really recommend you guys have to try Chioppino that the best one
As others have mentioned, their cioppino is amazing! We had to get our order to go as they could not accommodate a party of 6. It's a very narrow restaurant so your seating options are very limited.We'll be back to eat in soon!Mommy tip: tight restaurant, best not to bring very young children.
Classic local Italian fare. We had iceberg lettuce salad, clam chowder and the all too famous cioppino. I have had dozens of cioppino's and this one was one of best. I loved the interior as much as the food with the marble table tops, long bar and local feel. Accompanied with a bottle of white wine, the whole meal hit the spot.
Not sure if I ordered the wrong thing or what but there was nothing at all that stood out about this meal. We were seating pretty quickly but were irritated with how crammed with junk our table was. Half the tabletop was taken over by condiments and a paper towel roll. The food was whatever honestly. I got the daily pasta which was linguine with cream seafood in a cream sauce. I could have made better at home. The flavor was tearfully bland. If I ordered the wrong thing, I'd love to know what here, if anything is worth waiting in line/paying for.
The food was fantastic but I am coming back for our server! Not only was she on point and on time with everything but was EXTREMELY patient  with my mother in law who is never pleased. Had her laughing and joking. If you visit here make sure you ask for Shelly. Quick witted and funny, kept my in laws laughing on their toes. Maybe I can borrow her for their next visit? Certainly I'm taking them here again
My wife found about this place from a blog. She said this is a place we need to try. As soon as we walked there, we overheard a gentlemen saying that they have been eating there for the past 7 years. I was happy to hear and I was looking forward to trying out the food. As soon as we walked in, we were able to get a table. We ordered the "Best Damn Crab Cioppino." The food came out after 10-15 mins. As soon s the food arrived, and I took the first bite, I was in heaven because I really love seafood. It had a mixture different types of seafood and pasta. The sauce base was delicious. I was so full after we finished eating. Gotta go back again next time.
Came back for a recent visit. Food is still ever delicious, especially the cioppino. The mussels in garlic broth were okay, I think French restaurants do it better in general, this one was a bit too heavy on the oil. Also tried the fettucine with salmon, which was good but nothing special.Service from the beginning kind of sucked, after being lead downstairs by a grumpy guy to the more spacious room, a simple request to switch tables was flat out denied and we were told to go walk up and see the hostess instead. Okay. Server was a bit more friendly but being seated downstairs kind of felt like being at the neglected kiddie corner during a family get together. They did happen to seat two families with crying children next to my party, how convenient.All in all, would still bring out of town guests back to be abused again since the cioppino is so delicious.
Really good old school Italian seafood. Portions are huge. I had the Linquine with shrimp, scallops, whitefish and calamari in a pink sauce (combo of marinara and cream). Prices reasonable for San Francisco. Wine a bargain at $8 per glass.
Let's start saying that Cioppino it's not an Italian dish (like salsa Alfredo or Spaghetti meatball, for God sake..) BUT... since we moved in North America, I can definitely say that what we had at SottoMare tasted like heaven like nowhere else so far! We dined there twice during our stay and every time we felt like being at home in Sicily! Tomato sauce was just perfect... Not too sweet or full of weird spices! Pasta was just a bit overcooked but it's not something to complain about. Expect long waiting lines of you go for dinner especially during the week end.
I have never had a bad meal here. Very consistent and staff is very efficient and friendly. Shared a bowl of clam chowder with wife (plenty for the two of us). I had the Prawn/Scallop Saut ~ combo and she had the sea bass special. As we tend to share our meals, I preferred by Prawn/Scallop over the sea bass, but both meals were excellent. You really can't go wrong with any of their "standard" menu items. My daughter shared THE "BEST DAMN CRAB CIOPPINO" with seafood with her boyfriend. Let's just say they didn't leave any in the bowl. They couldn't stop raving about the dish. Don't wait too long for the dessert menu (they don't serve desserts).
Best food we have had on our trip. The service was excellent. Arrive early to beat the crowds, but this is authentic as it gets.
We ordered the Boston Clam Chowder, Prawn Louis, and Mussel/Clam Steamers. I was not so impressed by these dishes. Although the flavor is good, as my sister likes the soup sauce a lot, it's not spectacular. We probably should have tried the Ciopino as recommended by the waitress. Its a busy restaurant, servers and buzzers running in and out all over the place. So before you get seated, you may want to read the menu or read before you come to help expedite the service. They may not like to stand there for more than 2 minuets to introduce the items for you.Will come back to try their ciopino, but for the other dishes we had, its a 3.5 star quality--rounded up to 4.
Uhhh..mazing! I love this place. Its a tiny little restaurant like most in sf, but this place has its charms. Its like a hole in the wall italian restaurant/bar. Very humble and you can tell they put a lot of effort into their dishes. The "best damn" cioppino is really the best damn cioppino I've ever had. It was jam packed full of delicious seafood and the sauce was just whay I've been looking for my whole life And my friend was raving about the oyster plate she had saying it had more flavor than most. Plus they don't skimp on the clams in their pasta dishes. My other friend said he probably ate about 15.I wish they had a cioppino menu item for a single guest, but their cioppino is priced and made for two.Hands down, definitely a place to hit up while in the city. Slightly inexpensive considering you do get your moneys worth.
I ordered the sea food risotto ... Amazing. The seafood was fresh and the risotto was cooked to perfection. The cioppino looked amazing as well !!!
They claim to have "the best damn clam cioppiano" and it was very good. Lots of seafood. Loved the atmosphere. Very casual and laid back. Came early and was seated immediately. Had been warned about the heat but was comfortable for the first half of the meal, but then it got crowded and the temp went up, way up. I began sweating profusely and that put a damper on the experience. Next time we will try to sit outside.
Best Italian food We've had since returning from Italy a few months ago! A definite MUST
If you want good cioppino, go to Taddich Grill. The pasta is a nice filler but the overall dish needs the filler to be good. Hostess is not nice and doesn't seem like she enjoys what she does. Wine is decent for house bottles though. Atmosphere is lively and location is good. But much better seafood options in SF.
Unforgettable Italian food!! Whatever combinations you make here, your dish will turn out to be superb! You just cannot have enough!!!
No matter how on time I was, B was always ahead of me. Finding parking in North Beach was not difficult, not really, except for today. I had to route to the residential areas and walk back onto Green. We've eaten at restaurants on Green a number of times, it seems, and every time it's been great. This place often had a line, and it was the restaurant B wanted to eat at for his birthday. It did not take reservations and you couldn't put a name on the list until both parties arrived. No matter, we got in and they had counter space for us. I handed B a small birthday goodie bag including a German birthday card. I scribbled on it last minute, he struggled to read it, just then the menu arrived.B informed me that he had gone on a no carb diet, trying to lose some weight to look more attractive. I wanted to say that every CEO / Founder I knew in this town had been on it and everyone of them wanted to look better. Is that a prerequisite for middle age men running startups? They wanted to be successful in both front - career and appearance. B had nothing to worry, he looked like he was still in his 30s. But still... Staff promptly delivered bread and it remained untouched by the two us throughout the meal.B said that on his actual birthday a large bouquet of carved fruit and chocolate basket arrived. Shipped from California to Pennsylvania, where he was working at at the time. It also came with a much better handwriting card, and it ended with such sentimentality that put mine to shame. That card said "I love you more with each passing year." My card ended with "Pardon my doctor-style handwriting." That basket of goodies came from his elusive girlfriend, whom I've yet to meet, and from the sound of it, no one had ever met her. With that thought, I took a sip of water. Damn no carb diet.From the counter, where I sat, I could see them shucking oysters. B promptly ordered a dozen. They were bigger than the usual tiny ones, and I was about to say "Thank goodness they were substantial" when B beat me to the punch. It was exceptionally fresh and rather tasty. Seeing that we'd not seen each other for a while, we covered the basics: work, family, trips, anecdotical facts and hearsay about friends we may or may not have in common. Just like that, we were caught up.B said that it was said that the restaurant was famous for sand dabs so he got that. I went for Rex Sole. Both came with vegetables and both were delicious. The no carb diet makes you appreciate restaurants that offered variety, especially when the said restaurant was an Italian one. The last few times we were on Green street looking for food, there were always lines out of the door for this restaurant, but we were spared of such treatment today. A Brit sitting next to us by the bar inquired about our dishes, and was also giddy that he got in without much wait time. While B busied with caring for his young son this past weekend, I was busy with my own activities. I told him about the woman I met at a party and how I liked her, though I did not take down her name or number when the evening ended. He smiled broadly and was visibly entertained by my story as he ate every piece of his sand dab. For reasons I could not recall I was pissed at him last year during his birthday, and I did not take him out for food. But over the years we'd done many birthday dinners, first his, a Leo, then mine, a Scorpio. He was not a fussy eater so I could afford to be more casual about it. Here, seafood at this place was exceptionally well prepared with a very San Franciscan feel to it. I was happy that we got into this spot where B had wanted to go for his birthday.Earlier this year, while in Boston eating food in North End, I was feeling melancholy and lonely for some reason. B sent me a Youtube song, it was Keren Ann's Not Going Anywhere. Ever since returning, I find myself frequenting North Beach for San Francisco style Italian, often with B. As we were saying goodbyes, I couldn't help but wonder which card he liked more, my scribbles on an avant-garde German art card titled "der Flug" featuring bats and a larger than life Dracula flying through the darkened sky, or that neatly written floral card accompanying the gianormous fruit and chocolate basket from his alleged mystery girlfriend. As if he could read my mind, he all of sudden stopped on the sidewalk, "I love that you wrote 'Iche liebe Diche.' on the card." He rattled off those words like a native. Air froze for a second. And then he spoke again, this time, more deliberately: "Iche liebe Diche." I blushed.
Always great staff, great service and great food..Tell Laura and Richie hi!They are the great owners who have put together a great team!
Where do I start??? Since the change in ownership we weren't sure what to expect. (Two people from Jersey who were obsessed with this place) Well, have to say that it lost a star, but really so much more...The old Sotto Mare had attitude. ..you felt it the second that you walked in the place. From Gigi to the staff...and the ambiance of sitting at the bar watching the chefs...attitude. We'd sit there and watch the orders fly down the wire to the kitchen. We miss it all. Never did we see a table sit empty for even a minute before. This time, we watched 3-4 tables wait for patrons while a line of people waited outside. Never would've happened with Gigi. Kindly, we give 4 stars instead of 3 hoping that they can pick it up. The food seemed like the same recipes, but just lacked something. ..just couldn't put a finger on it until I asked old wait staff where the heavy chef was...until today we had never been there without him directing the kitchen. Turns out he was one of the owners...who knew! He will be missed too.Yes...back to the food. I don't generally eat clam chowder, but I must say that sotto mare had the best. It was definitely not the same on our return visit in april. Salt and pepper made it taste more like the old chowder. I love the fettuccine with salmon in a pink sauce. Boyfriend loves the spaghetti with marinara. Both resembled our former meals...just slightly not as good. Overall, if you are a new patron, I doubt that you would know the difference. For us, we miss the perfection and attitude. Now looking for a new favorite go to restaurant.
Amazing Italian seafood restaurant. The flavors are unbeatable. It is worth waiting. The wine selection is poor, but it does not matter. The risotto is exceptional, the crab diaboli is poetic, petrale sole is heavenly.
Gotta be honest here, I don't find a lot of Italian food in North Beach that I actually like, Sotto Mare is the exception. Atmosphere: Old school and a bit cramped, however I love the feel. That said, I wouldn't recommend bringing a large group here if you plan on speaking to each other. Food: On a recommendation I chose the Cioppino and it was great. Probably a top 3 all time for me. I'm eager to try something new next time. Service: Friendly and helpful. As a very busy place, we did have to stop our server several times in order to get refills. However, it's nothing more annoying then any other place in the city. Overall: If I want Italian made by an actual Italian chef (I see a lot of Chinese chefs in Italian joint in North Beach), there is no better place in the area then this. (well maybe Mama's, but I don't have that kind of time. )
Amazingly FRESH seafood! Three of us agreed that this was the best seafood we've ever had. The veggies were FRESH and al dente as well. The food was simply perfect. We even liked the funky cramped ambience and the no-nonsense service. Only thing we would give less than 5 stars is the ventilation. We were seated by the back door and it was very hot and stuffy. Still, the best restaurant experience any of us has had for a very long time, mainly because of the perfectly prepared FRESH food. Did I mention that EVERYTHING was perfectly FRESH?? :)
I saw this place on delicious destinations & it listed it's cioppino, & the best & was delicious. It was full of seafood also. I'm definitely coming back. It was also enough for 3 people. I would recommend the clam chowder also. We also felt at home.
They don't call it the "best damn crab cioppino" for nothing!! This was legitimately the best damn cioppino I have ever tasted in my life. The crab part could probably be removed from the title however because the majority of the seafood wasn't actually crab. But I digress. This wonderfully prepared dish comes to your table in a magical silver bowl. The flavors sit gracefully on a bed of penne pasta. They say it's enough to feed two, but there's definitely enough for 3 if you guys order other things. The three of us got the crab louie salad, the risotto, and the cioppino and we were stuffed to the limit. Can we focus back on the cioppino, because that's really what's important here. The salad and the risotto were good, but nothing memorable. But the cioppino, oh the cioppino. My mouth is watering just thinking about it right now. If you're used to the more watery/soupy cioppino that's more fish stock than flavor, then you won't like this (you're also crazy). But this was the perfect blend of flavors of crab, shrimp, squid, mussels, fish, and the tomato based sauce that was thick and flavorful. Everything paired well with the penne pasta and it's seriously a dish to dream about. It's no wonder that they've been featured on tv and such for this dish multiple times. It may have also been around 11 and my stepmother and I also shared a very topped off glass of white wine as well, but hey don't judge us. The place is very tiny, and I hear reservations are recommended because they get packed. Unless you go at opening like we did then the place is all yours.
This was my first time trying cioppino, and it did not disappoint. There was no wait when we got there; my friend and I were seated at the bar right away and handed a basket of freshly cut bread. We knew what we wanted to order (the two-person cioppino, of course), and so the service went pretty quickly. The atmosphere of the place is nice - quaint and cozy but not overtly so. You can smell the seafood when you enter (in a good way). The servers are fairly nice and attentive as well. Our cioppino came pretty quickly, and it was glorious. You get a huge pot of seafood, penne, and tomato stew; enough to feed two hungry people. It was delicious. Filling and hearty without being too heavy or dense; it wasn't too salty or rich. Rather it was light, flavorful, and filled with lots of seafood. Pro tip: don't eat the bread as an app. Use it to soak up the delicious stew. I did see some other diners order the various other dishes on the menu, but they looked pretty unimpressive. I'd just stick with the cioppino here.
Updated: Had a good third visit. Was promptly seated at the counter and proceeded to enjoy prosecco, oysters on the half shell, and sauted prawns and scallops. I really want to go back with a date and share the cioppino. It looks fabulous.I've had two very different experiences here -- one great, one not. I had a wonderful meal two weeks ago. Although it was busy, I was immediately seated at the counter, and proceeded to enjoy a great meal of champagne, oysters and seafood risotto. It was so good that I went back a week later to try more of the menu.Although they were less busy than last time, the hostess told me there was no room for one person and the wait would be 30 minutes. I saw several open tables for two. I left and spent my 60 bucks elsewhere.It was so good the first time that I will most likely go back and try again another time. I just hope I don't feel like persona non grata again.
First seafood restaurant experience in San Francisco and it was a pleasant one. We were starving so ended up coming around 5 PM on a Tuesday night. It was pretty empty (expected) and were sat right away. Service was excellent. We shared half a dozen west side oysters and a karaffe of their house red wine. For our entree we shared the cioppino and a bowl of their clam chowder. Both delicious! There was a decent amount of seafood in the cioppino and the sauce was delicious. We kept dipping our bread (came with bread n butter before our meals) in the chowder and the cioppino sauce.
So I've been here a couple times since they've been sold. I'm a local and live in the neighborhood and I love this restaurant. I found that it's gotten more and more hectic and they're turning tables faster and faster. The food is good but it feels rushed and it doesn't quite have the same excellent flavor as as before.Still good food nice people but I feel like they need to slow down and take the Time to enjoy the customers and take care of the locals, and let the staff deliver the excellent food they used to make a couple years ago. Still love this place but the vibe is too business and not as much an. experience. I know they can get back there.
We had a reservation and needed it. Arrived at 6:45p & there was a 1:30 hour wait. Despite outdoor, main room, and a spacious downstairs area. Ordered one special of the night - Lobster Ravioli and the famous Cippino. We were definitely satisfied and enjoyed every bite. Good choice for a trip to the city.
With the recent change of ownership, the seafood loving masses can rest assured that the food at SM has not suffered in the least. SM is still a neighborhood gem that doles out the freshest seafood this side of the sea. What rocks...The cioppino. THE STAR of the menu. Saveur Magazine featured the cioppino in their December 2011 issue (the Italian Christmas issue). It really is that good.The sand dabs. Tender & moist. A specialty here.Seafood linguini. Another specialty here. I'm actually not a chowder person, but everyone loves it. Pasta is always al dente. They have this down.The crab. The oysters. The salmon. You just can't go wrong here. It gets crowded, & it's so small...make a reservation for sure.Sit at the counter if you can. I love doing this for some reason. Still a must do if you love seafood.5 stars.
Came here a couple of times and got some oysters and a clam chowder the first time and more oysters and steamed clams the second time. Everything I've gotten was AMAZING - plentiful in both quantity of seafood and flavor. I can't wait to go back and try their famous cioppino! Their service has always been great also. Be prepared for a long wait though! Highly recommend this place
Finally got to try this place after a few times coming to SF. Make reservations cause it gets packed fast! I feel like we ordered just about everything. Got fresh oysters, clam chowder, mussel and clam in wine sauce, seafood linguine and the cioppino. Everything was so fresh and very tasteful. Theres nothing better than going up to the Bay area and getting fresh seafood and paring it with the heartiest Italian flavors. I will be back on my next trip :)
I'm just going to take a moment and add to the resounding chorus of happy, full and satisfied, blissfully food-comatose sounds: Wow. Whoa. That. Was. Awesome."The Best Damn Crab Cioppino" lives up to its name. Hooray! I love when things live up to their name. The only slight inaccuracy is that it might simply be the best damn cioppino, period, that I've thus far experienced. Yup, I loved it.For $41, you get a big pot of cioppino that is positively brimming with seafood and flavors that inspire you to make happy eating sounds. The description says enough for 2, but we ended up sharing it among 3 bib-clad people. There were clams and mussels and squid and lots of crab and shrimp and even the penne pasta, which is usually among my least favorite pasta varieties, was so tasty and the perfect texture. Amazing.We also ordered the special of the day which was a lobster ravioli in a tomato cream sauce. That was delicious too but not as inspiring as the cioppino. Needless to say, I had a good time and made a big mess and felt thankful that I had a bib on. I have no doubt in my mind that I will be back again (and again).
We recently hosted a wedding dinner at Sotto Mare. Knew the food would be delicious and it was, but in addition, the owners could not have been nicer or more helpful. It was a beautiful, intimate and fun event. Highly recommend. Thank you, Laura and rich!
The Cioppino was delicious and so large that we could have split it 3 ways if we had been with another person. We brought a bottle of red with us, love that the corking fee was only $10. The atmosphere and decor is quaint and eclectic. We loved sitting at the bar for our meal.
We got served some bread that was relatively hard, not warm, and lacked much flavor.Also tried the West Coast oysters but boy it was lacking much flavor and it was pretty metallic tasting and the juice in the shell was really salty. After having the oysters at the Tomales Bay, I didn't realize how "not so great" these oysters were. Everyone seems to be getting the Cioppino for two people so I was expecting big things with this dish. Sadly, it was overhyped and it was just okay for me. The seafood although relatively generous in portion, the quality just wasn't there for me. Most of the items were overcooked which can happen when making a stew as each seafood item has different cooking times so can't really blame them but like I mentioned I was expecting something mind blowing but it was not to be. Don't get me wrong that it was not bad and it was well portioned for two people but when I hear something is their signature, I expect big things but it just wasn't there for me. It was nice and hearty but the seafood was not cooked perfectly. The pasta that was served in the Cioppino didn't taste that great and really lacked flavor and didn't seem to gel with the Cioppino stew so I ended up not really eating any pasta from my Cioppino.Seafood is so delicate which is why I tend to prefer eating them raw when possible as overcooking seafood is just a huge turnoff for me.If I come back, I'll probably skip on the Cioppino and try their pasta dishes.
The food is amazing-- you can't stop eating. I recommend the crab cioppino. The sauce is delicious and it has a wide variety of seafood. The only downside is that there is no air conditioning (it felt like 90 next to the kitchen!). Otherwse, the food was yummy and the staff was friendly.
Best halibut - clam chowder and muscles we've ever had - thanks Tiffany you rock.RISOTTOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!
I tried to get into Sotto Mare last year but couldn't. So this time I made reservation a week in advanced to make sure. I looked so forward to coming here and waiting all vacation to visit this place. Walked in and it's a small main dining area with a few tables and a long counter to sit at. I did notice they had a back room and not sure how big that was. Interesting. Lots of pictures on the wall and the kitchen is in the main dining area. We knew exactly what we wanted and started off with bowls of clam chowder. Oh my goodness. Best clam chowder I've ever eaten. Every spoonful has tons of clams with potatoes and bacon. So tasty. So much goodness in a spoon. We weren't that hungry cause we're basically Foodie out so the three of us split "The Best Damn Crab Cioppino". My goodness. Can you say heaven in a bowl. Cracked crab, mussels, shrimp, calamari, scallops, clams and pasta in a tomato sauce. Cooked to perfection. The crab was easy to pull out of the shell. You soak up the sauce with the sour dough bread. Oh my goodness. This dish lived up to its name. My son ordered the Linguine with Manila clams in a cream sauce. I got to taste his dish too. Pasta was so fresh and perfectly cooked. Clams were excellent. Very good dish but the Cioppino was hands down better. Service was very good. Waitress was very friendly, knew the menu and very casual. She made you feel at home. Thy put jars of water at your table so you can fill your own cups. Food came out really quickly. Finished dishes were taken off the table quickly. So we had a really great meal. Our old go to seafood restaurant used to be Scoma's, but I feel Sotto Mare is hands down better. Better food. Better prices. So if you ever have a chance, you got to try this place. It's the BOMB of seafood. Oh yea make a reservation to make sure you get in.
This place is amazing! Bottom line. I went there on date, as we have been talking about there going there for awhile. We knew that it was hard to get a table, so we had been putting it off for awhile. But being we went on a holiday weekend, we though we give it shot. We got there a bit later in the evening, but surprisingly, there was still an hour wait. Being that we had a late lunch, we decided to get our name on the list. We also put our credit down so we could get one of those "lobsters" that buzzes when your table is ready. Definitely suggest to get one. We walked down the street to wait and grab a drink with our little "buzzing lobster". Within 50 minutes it buzzed. Right after it buzzed, we headed back to the restaurant. We needed sitting on the stools by the kitchen. Which I was fine with, because I love seeing how restaurants cook the food right in front of you. If you are not in to that, I would be sure to note that to the hostess when you put your name down. But I wouldn't be too picky, because it might mean a longer wait:) So on to the experience! Our waitress was super nice and friendly, and gave of some tips on the menu. After some discussion, we decided to to get the cioppino. I am allergic to shrimp and prawns, and they were super accommodating to that, offer to replace it with more of the other stuff. We also order some wine, which was fantastic from the first sip, it went well the fresh bread we munched on. Homemade, fresh baked and soooo good. I had to stop at couple pieces so I could save room for dinner! Withing 20 minutes the cioppino came out! It was served in a big silver bowl with a ladel. Though it had pasta in it, we used the bread to dip into the sauce. Next time I go there, I am going to ask them to take out the pasta, put more of the other goodies and just eat it with the delicious bread. Definitely suggest that. I also suggest asking them for there fresh parmesan, it went will sprinkle all over my cioppino serving. Overall, the dish was fresh, tasty and delicious. I wouldn't change a thing! I savored every bit! We left happy and stuffed, with some left overs that I ate for the next day. $40 might seem a lot, but if you think about the fact how big it is, it is definitely worth it. Must try. The hostesses that night were also the new owners. Who came over to say hi and thank you for coming to their place. They have immense pride in their ownership, work hard, and are focused to keep it the same that people of come to know for many years. I salute them for that. I will definitely come back, to get more cioppino and some other dishes...I will bring a little group:)That all my Yelp folks! This is a definite, definite must try!
Whoever has eaten here and rated this place high needs to quit going to Olive Garden and has no idea about Italian food. The seafood itself is good, but all of the pasta dishes (we had the aglio, olio, peperoncino and the seafood fettuccini were bland, sub par at best. Save the hour and a half wait and $50 and go get a slice of pizza next door and a glass of wine that's way better than the watery house wine here.
Friendly Staff and the cioppino was good, but not sure if the pasta add to the dish or not.
Eat here. They are, in every way, a wonderful experience. It's really freakin' hot inside so you might want to come prepared to shed some layers.
I learned about them from here and Sotto Mare did not disappoint. The cioppino is perfect - generous serving of seafood, penne, in hearty, yummy soup. I'll definitely come back to try other dishes. Greeted by staff's warm smiles and service was quick.
I don't get this tourist hype. The only appeal this meal had was the unique decor.Oysters - nothing special and completely forgettable. go to a farmer's market or ferry market building for much better oystersClam chowder - mediocre and lacking finesse. In this neighborhood, Fog Harbor fish house offers a much better chowder.Sand Dabs - the worst. just disgusting. small, boring fish filets pan fried with olive oil and some bread crumbs. This was a recommendation by the server but the taste was unbearable after the 4th bite. broccoli overcooked to all hellLinguine Pasta - meh.really nothing special and not worth the wait or money. you could do a much better job cooking at home or just going elsehwere to eat
After coming here a few times with the folks, with friends, and with the Italian bf, this place is a solid 4 *s. The owners and workers are great and provide a real, pleasant experience. The food is amazing, but not always consistent, and no matter what you will have to wait if you're going there for dinner, even if you have a reservation and your whole party is there.For the food, you must get the steamed mussels, cioppino, and seafood linguine. If they didn't offer anything else, I'd still come back to inhale the oceany vapors, stuff my face with tomatoey seafood, and drink the pasta sauce. Gross? Of course not, it's a delicious and you'd do it too! Grab a bib, don't judge, and join me!So why not a full 5 *s you ask? Because the last time I ate here I felt the chefs forgot to add some needed salt and pepper. The dishes did not have the same savoriness I've experienced before. They also ran out of mussels at seven pm (they really are that good), and we had to wait forty minutes after our reservation time to be seated.All in all though, cannot wait to come back for the freshness and service. And did I mention the owner is from Marche? So awesome!
These are one of those places that everybody seems to flock to in San Francisco. We decided to come here because our first choice was overbooked; yet the experience ultimately became one of the most memorable dinners during our trip.We ordered oysters and some other appetizers but of course the star of the show was the cioppino. The savoriness of the sauce combined with a delicate balance of fresh seafood was the perfect sample of west coast Italian food. While the wait was somewhat ridiculous (over an hour), the food was indeed worth the wait.
Saturday night 7:15 and there's a line out the door and several people lurking around with plastic lobsters in their hands. Come to find out those lobsters are the key to winning a table here. Those lobsters are the pagers handed out after you are told they are running a wait of two hours. We cruised a couple of bars for a while and walked the neighborhood -- sensing our " time" was getting close we headed back to join the other starving lobster holders by the door. Bzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz. Yeah!!!When your lobster finally lights up and vibrates you are in for a treat...Inside --- the first thing that knocks you to your knees is the wonderful heady smell!!! New car smell move over --- hello garlic, seafood, and years of Italian goodness!We went big for two with whole cracked crab, so easy to get intact luxurious limbs of sweet meat. Sand dabs. Light and airy. Simple. And of course Cioppino which was simply outrageously good. A hot steaming bowl more than enough for two of rich, complex flavor and all kinds of sea creatures. The owner told us it is his Grandmothers recipe .. Setting is great, family run unpretentious cafe style loud patrons and kitchen. Service was friendly if a little disorganized and slow. We will be back. Go there!
4 stars for the food. Half shelf oyster was cheap and fresh. The clam pasta was delicious.2 1/2 stars for the service. In the past 2 experiences, the service was slow and the waitress was a bit rude. Such as....taking their sweet time to refill water and get our non-alcoholic beverage, forced us to seat at the bar instead of the table we insisted when the restaurant was 90% empty on a weekday.
Great service, seafood, and for reasonable prices. The atmosphere is fun - sit at the bar near the chefs to watch them at work. As others have said, the crab-heavy cioppino is outstanding. Do not fill up on appetizers or you will be sorry.
Best cioppino ever!Bestie and I randomly walked by one night and randomly decided to dine here. This place is pretty small inside so I'm assuming theres usually a wait. However, the night we went it was only about a 10 minute wait. I forgot which day I went. Anyway, we ordered the cioppino and risotto to share and even then it was too much food for just the two of us. I recommend double-dating with others. I've never been a huge fan of cioppino really. I had it once at The Cliff House and wasn't impressed, but Sotto Mare definitely changed my mind. Theres a lot of seafood in this dish. The risotto was really good as well. I wanna go back...
great food and service
Cioppino....yes, It is as good as they say it is. Best time to go is for lunch, otherwise you'll be waiting in line for hours in the evening. I came here with the boyfriend around 2-3pm and got a seat instantly at the counter top. Unfortunately, we were seated right in front of the stoves so it was blazing hot. It was cool watching the chefs cook our Cioppino though.Lots of crab, mussels, clams, calamari, shrimp and scallops all cooked to perfection in the most amazing tomato sauce with fish stock. They also serve all of that on a bed of penne pasta. They say it serves two, but really probably 2.5-3 people. I took the leftovers home and had it for dinner the next day, Still delicious!
My boyfriend and I went back to try their famous cioppino- it was huge and delicious!! The tomato broth was not overpowering and it had the most delicious savory taste, it tasted rich and infused with various seafood juices :) the broth was amazing and I dipped it with the bread that was supplied. The seafood that was in the cioppino caused our tastebuds to jump for joy. We were in cioppino heaven- best damn cioppino ever! It was FULL of mussels, clams, jumbo shrimp, Dungeness crab and scallops!! YUMMO :) The best part was it was only $42 for the cioppino- a steal for what you get. I cannot wait to go back again with my boyfriend to try their other dishes
We came here with two other friends on a whim for late lunch (around 1:30 PM) on a Wednesday since our first choice (Tony's had a wait of 90 minutes -- WOW!). I've had this place on my radar for a while and was glad the wait didn't seem too bad with one table of four before us. We finally got seated after waiting about half an hour.Everyone was super friendly WITH THE EXCEPTION of this one heinous waitress who stated she's from the East Coast. We asked what was on the specials board because we couldn't remember and she said it's the same price every day. I don't appreciate comments like that provided we are PAYING customers nor were we fishing for discounts. Had it not been a special occasion lunch, I would've got up and walked out. Had I wanted to be treated poorly with amazing fresh seafood, I would've walked a few streets to Chinatown.In the end, we ordered two cups of clam chowder (watery and nothing to write home about), sand dabs (meh - pan fried tiny fillets ordered at the suggestion of the waitress to get her out of our face), seafood cioppino (meh - I like Phil's in Moss Landing better), and seafood linguine (best dish of the meal but that's not saying much).We wanted to order raw oysters and asked what types of oysters they had and all she mumbled was one from east coast and one from west coast. Umm...hello? I'd like the name of the oysters you're serving. In the end, we didn't want to bother with her stupid attitude and decided to not order them.The meal would have been a standard three stars had we not been put into a foul mood by the horrid person. Not the freshest shrimp I've tasted or the plumpest mussels/clams I've eaten but edible. I wouldn't be scrambling my way back into here any time soon for sub-par food with crappy attitude.
I came here and good thing I made a reservation! This place is in Little Italy and this place is impossible to find parking. Trust. It is terrible and you should just give up and go straight to a parking garage. The one I went to was less than 5 minutes away and it costs 6 bucks for 1-2 hours. Reasonable I guess. I made a reservation at 6:30 and it was just a breeze. The place is small inside and if I arrived then without a reservation, the wait would probably be over an hour. They give you cheapish bread but it holds you down while you wait for your food. 1) Cioppino- This is a big ol pot that costs $44 or so. This is loaded with so much seafood including crabs, squid, clams, mussels, penne pasta in this tomato sauce. This could be a huge pasta dish soup that tastes good but not crazy knock the socks off. The seafood was plentiful and still very good. I would get this because it seems like a classic Italian dish that I do not see at like Macaroni Grill. Two people can split just this and still have leftovers but my group of three wanted to try more.2) Sand Dabs- this is pretty much grilled fish fillets that taste a bit buttery but are still very flavorful. There are a few bones in there so watch out. I would get this to try it out even though it costs over $20.3) Risotto- This has squid in there and is buttery as heck but that is what risotto is. I needed carbs in here so this was a good dish to have. I would possibly try the pasta dishes since those look super good.The people here are super nice and friendly- the waiters and the fellow guests :) Make sure to find gelato in Little Italy after ;)
Finally made it here thanks to Rodney H! We met up back in February to check out a couple of places in North beach. Sotto mare was our first stop! Met him at around 12:30p on a Saturday. We walked in and were seated right away at the counter. Ordered the following:Mimosa ($8) - Standard mimosa. I asked for light OJ, so they made it a little lighter than Rodney's.Clams ($1 ea) & Oysters ($1.50 ea West coast) - We originally ordered 2 clams, 2 west coast & 2 east coast. Unfortunately they ran out of the East coast ($2.50 ea) so we didn't try them. The shellfish was fresh with a great briny sweet flavor.Our best chowder ($5 cup) - Yum! Creamy and chock full of clams. The bacon added a nice smokiness to it.The best damn crab cioppino ($41) - The reason we came! Rodney and I shared this. A good amount of seafood! Crab, clams, mussels, squid, shrimp, etc. Definitely enough for two. My main concern with cioppino is that sometimes the seafood can be overcooked and rubbery. This was not. The seafood still retained it's tenderness and juiciness! Yum!Our server was nice and attentive. I'm so glad I finally got to try Sotto mare!
Awesome food!!! Dungeness crab is REALLY good.......great beer choices and sassy waitresses make this a gr8 place to go. Expect a wait after 6pm.PS- they do take reservations!
I usually really like this place, in spite of the overly crowded space and bad temperature control, because the food is pretty good. But this last visit was so off in so many ways. It took a while to get seated even though I made reservations and there were plenty of empty tables downstairs, the service was terrible, some of our plates were almost thrown on the table (was it my fault the place was busy?), and I've never seen such a sad dish of oysters. I don't think I'll be going back, there are too many other great restaurants...
Soooooooooo delicious! We ordered the Best Dam Cioppino and the seafood risotto.. So much food!!! Had left overs for the next and a half. Super friendly staff! The only complaint was the ventilation was terrible and insanely hot in there
the best pasta with pesto sauce I have ever had. I dream about that pasta. The oysters and crab was fantastic as well. I wish I lived closer to this place, I'd be there way too much!
Place is great. Seating is tight and you'll have a bit of a wait to get a seat but it's worth it. Their buzzer thing that notifies you when your table is ready works the whole length of the street, so grab a drink at one of the nearby bars and be patient. Service is super quick considering how packed the place gets. Staff are great. Had the lobster ravioli which was delicious and the mixed seafood pasta that was cooked perfectly. I would highly recommend this place!
The food was actually pretty good, but it felt like the prototypical tourist trap.No detail on wine except color, prices a little high and a weird waiting policy that seems implemented to make people believe the place is more successful than it really is (you'll see what I mean if you're seated downstairs).
April 24, 2015 3 starsWent there with a group of 11 people and we decided to make it into two separate orders with me being in a group of 6. We had the Cioppino, Scallops and Risotto to share.***Food***~CioppinoNice rich tomato base with a generous amount of seafood with crab legs, clams, squid, mussels, bay scallops and penne pasta. The crab was cracked to allow ease of eating, but I found the meat overcooked and dry; penne overcooked. Would have been great if they provided grilled bread to sop up all the sauce.~ScallopsThe scallops was nicely cooked, but more sauce than needed because it was overpowering the sweetness of the scallops. The vegetables seemed like the standard paring and an after thought, carrots and zucchini.~RisottoThe risotto rice was disappointing, mushy and not creamy, but had a good amount of seafood, bay scallops, clams, mussels, squid.***Hostess, staff, wait***Hostess and staff was nice and friendly. We had reservations and I got there late due to traffic and parking, so I didn't have long to wait. Wait staff could be more alert because we didn't get a refill on our carafes of water for a long time.***Ambiance***We had reservations and was shown to a small room downstairs. The group was sat in the back. If you are seated against the back wall and tall, I'm ~6'1, be wary when you stand, there is overhang for the ventilation or plumbing. It was not well lit down stairs.***Parking***NOT INCLUDED IN RATINGForget about it. I got lucky and found parking 2-3 blocks away within 15-20 minutes. A friend wasn't able to find parking and went home after more than 45 minutes of searching.
Definitely worth the wait!! We had the oyster shooters (east and west coast, east was our favorite) delicious!! Crab salad was scrumptious but the Cioppino was perfection! Served in a bowl (with pasta and seafood galore) big enough for 3, I had no problem tying on a bib and digging in! Ambiance was laid back and the service felt like family, we couldn't be happier with our experience here!
If you are in San Fran you must give this place a try. This place has up to an hour wait. If you plan of coming to end of the evening the fill turn you away they are so busy. I had pleasure of dinning here and the wait was so worth it. If you are seafood lover you are in for a real treat. As we all know San Francisco is know for it's sourdough toast and clam chowder soup with a lot of beautiful attractions. Whenever I am in San Fran this one of my many places to eat at. It has the NY vibe with the open kitchen view. I highly recommend for starters the clam chowder soup or Crab Louis salad. The oyster are great as well. For the main dish you must try the signature the crap cioppino. They have couple vegetarian dishes. For all the pasta seafood lovers you are in for a real treat. They don't offer desert. If you are craving sweets you have plenty of places around restaurant. Hands down one of the best seafood restaurants in town.
The clam chowder is very good, the clams particularly so, but it's the standard version of clam chowder thats very cambell's thickened like. I prefer a naturally thickened chowder.Cioppino is the best I've had. Not a standard cioppino and the sauce is sooo good.Sand dabs with lemon caper butter could have been better. You get a lot of sand dabs but I had to add salt n pepper which I don't like to do at the table.Wine is lackluster.Table bread doesn't look good but it is pretty tasty.
Mediocre seafood place far from traditional Italian cuisineForget a traditional Italian seafood pasta such as Linguine allo Scoglio or Risotto ai Frutti di Mare. I was already salivating thinking about those delicacies when I walked in this seemingly Italian spot with a group of friends. I stopped salivating when we were escorted downstairs where we had to cope with a smell of not-exactly-fresh seafood. I shared some linguine with seafood and a seabass with my girlfriend. The former was too creamy and had nothing of the freshness and smoothness of an Italian pasta allo scoglio. The latter was overcooked and dry.Not recommended.
Our trip to Sotto Mare was fabulous. This restaurant was definitely worth the hour wait on a Saturday night. We decided to take the route of least resistance and started with a bowl of calm chowder; this paired with some wonderful San Fran sour dough was smooth, creamy and of so satisfying. But why stop there? After we downed the chowder we snagged some cracked dungeness crab. After which we found out the "Best Damn Crap Cioppino" isn't fooling around! It was filled to the brim with crab, mussels, scallops and shrimp, all swimming in a wonderful red garlic sauce. The year is young, but this might be may favorite dish of 2016!
Came here last week for my friends birthday. Her and I split the Best Damn Crab Cioppino, it was SO much food and absolutely delicious. $42 is expensive for one entree, but it's an insane amount of food and perfect for sharing. Full of different shell fish, noodles, and a tomato wine sauce. Service was good up until we were left waiting 20 minutes for our check. Will definitely come back again to try the lobster.
Visited Sotto Mare with a group of 6 while visiting SF from Chicago over the summer. The hostess was great and after a waiting (no reservations), we were able to sit outside at a great table. Service was great and it was nice to see the owner come by and chat with us and tell the history of how the cioppino (their most famous dish) got started in San Francisco. Highly recommended!
Best cioppino and super fresh oysters. Pluses are nice, friendly staffs and decent prices.
Came here for the cioppino, a really big portion size and definitely enough for two. Filled with seafood and a wonderful tomato seafood broth and some penne. Will make you wishing you had room for more! Other dishes I saw when there looked amazing. Risotto would be something on the list to try, you get a heaping bowl full! They don't skimp on portions here! This is a place that serves both quality and quantity.
The blue cheese wedge with the shrimp was very good but it would have been a lot better if 1000 island too much dressing and it drowned out the taste of the shrimp. The seafood risotto was good however the Owner/host is unfriendly and was heard to snap at a guest who stated they'd been waiting a long time. He remarked we cook to order this is NOT fast food!Not a way to treat guests. Also barking at his employees..not cool
Authentic, affordable and fun Italian restaurant in the heart of Little Italy in the North Beach area of San Francisco. The delicious food is complemented by the character of the place. Strongly recommend making a reservation as there was quite a line when I arrived. The first thing you'll notice is how cool the neighborhood is if you haven't been there before. I was originally blown away by how many people they packed in the actual restaurant, but when we sat down it was totally comfortable. Apparently large groups can reserve the downstairs which would be totally cool. i wish I would have checked it out. I went here with my wife and another couple. We were greeted by a very nice older man and served by a pleasantly aggressive waitress that served it to us straight. The menu is simple which is kind of nice and the prices aren't terrible (~$60 including tip). I had the Cioppino and loved it. the salmon was also really good, but not as good as the Cioppino.Parking is adjacent to the restaurant and was $25 the night we went.I recommend this place and am looking forward to returning.
Waited for about an hour and ended up sitting right next to the chefs (so we were so hot and steamy by the end)... but even then, I still give this place 5 stars for the food. You must get the Cioppino! It is good to split with a friend or two and the clam chowder would be a really good appetizer type dish. I would definitely go back as the seafood was so fresh!
I tried this place twice just because I couldn't believe my experience compared to the amount of great reviews for this place. What is going on? My first time I tried the cioppino, of course. Our waitress was great with recommendations. She advised that we share the cioppino, which ended up being more than plenty. Flavor wise I wasn't impressed. The second time around I came in with a larger group I thought I would try something else. I ordered just the mussels and everyone else ordered a pasta dish. None of us left full or satisfied. The mussels were over cooked, and the flavor was extremely plain. In a group of 5, you would think one person would at least be happy with their order but it just didn't happen. A few of them were from out of town and felt like this place was more of a tourist spot, and not a local spot. I would agree 100%. Service the second time was a bit disappointing. The waitress seemed inexperienced and as if she was in a great hurry. We were also sat at the table downstairs, which surprised me because I didn't know they were that spacious. Being downstairs I felt like we were a bit neglected. It was difficult to call for a waitress and get our bill. I won't be coming back. I don't believe in third chances.
My boyfriend was visiting San Francisco for the first time ever and his favorite dish is cioppino so I read review after review on Yelp and finally stumbled upon Sotto Mare. I'm so glad I took him here because it was absolutely amazing! The flavor of the broth is absolutely delicious! Just make sure you're really hungry because we couldn't finish it all (the two of us). I can't wait to go back again, really looking forward to trying the seafood risotto next time. The place gets super crowded so make sure you go a little early !
Seafood linguine: 3/5Cioppina: 3/5Decided to come here for the first time based on the awesome reviews. We didn't have a reservation, which turned out to be a mistake. We ended up waiting for about an hour. During that hour we got so hungry that we went to one of the restaurants next door to grab some "appetizers." This was also a mistake because once we finally got seated at Sotto Mare, we weren't that hungry anymore, and hence the a-ok ratings for the food. There were 3 of us (2 girls and 1 guy) and we only ordered two things but it turned out to be more than enough (we had left-overs). The cioppina was just okay. I had really high expectations because of all the reviews, but I don't know how I feel about it....perhaps it was just a matter of taste, but I thought it was too tomatoe-y. I guess I expecting simpler, fresher seafood with not a lot of sauce. I'll definitely come back on an empty stomach and order other things though just to see if my opinion of the food changes!
Well I am so glad it didn't close once it was sold. The new owners have kept the decor and the recipes. I did notice more seafood in the cioppino and the price was a little higher. It's still a bargain for all the seafood you are getting. Two or more people can eat from this dish. We ate cioppino till we were about to pop. Also ordered the baccala spread, carafe of house white, and the green salad. I was so happy they hadn't closed I will have to go back and try it again. I want to make sure that I didn't confuse blissful nostalgia with the same recipe the previous owners used. The green salads are simple and I eat it only to eat the thousand island dressing they serve with it! There is a new waitress on the boisterous side. I like her. It's a crowded spot once it gets going. Perhaps she will grow to like it.
Best chowder in the area, full of clams! Friendly, clean, fast. Seafood is amazing Even the blue cheese wedge was the bomb!
Had to come to the place that claims to have the best cioppino in SF. The place itself is in the heart of little Italy and its very small. It reminds me of a 50's diner actually. The cioppino itself was great and comes in a huge pot that definitely feeds two. It's a seafood party inside the soup with clams, mussels, fish,shrimp,and crab. There's also some penne pasta thrown into the mix. The waitress even ties a lobster bib on to you because its a messy affair when you start eating it. Overall, the taste was good, but I don't think it was worth the $42. It needed some more spice and just more flavor in general. But still, i love seafood in general so I was happy eating every last drop. Still a place worth going to at least once I say but its gonna be pricey.
MMMMmm the pasta here is delicious ! We ordered the pesto with prawns and the linguine with chef's choice (mussels, clams, shrimp, octopus) and both were so creamy and savory. I loved that the seafood was fresh and juicy. The pasta portions are huge so sharing is caring :pThe clam chowder had a lot of clam in it which I also loved, but I wish the consistency was thicker. It still tastes great, especially with the complimentary bread. Careful though, the crust of that bread will cut up the roof of your mouth like no other .. I recommend you make reservations, otherwise be prepared for a wait. We came on a Friday night and this place was crackin!! The inside of the restaurant is really cramped so if you can, just wear layers and sit outside. Service was a little slow but they're extremely friendly and treat you like you're regulars. You know a place is good when you're excited to eat the leftovers as soon as you get home ... Hahah definitely had a great experience here.
KWe are on our way to Beach Blanket Babylon and wanted fish. Best cioppino I've ever had, and I've eaten this dish around the world ! Started with oyster shooters which were a delightful starter. Our server Shelly was wonderful and spoiled us. Thanks for a wonderful North Beach experience.
I had heard what a wonderful restaurant this place was. Didn't start well, we booked a upstairs table but were brought downstairs in a basement dining room. We protested and after some talk were lead back upstairs. Teal issue came with our server obviously over worked because she seemed to have lost the idea that smiles were better than frown. I tried to lighten up the conversation with what I thought was a silly statement this woman really blasted me to the point I almost got up to leave, I don't think I have ever been insulted by a server. As for the food I can say it was reasonably priced but flavorless. Suggestion? Keep insults to yourself
I waited a long time to upgrade them to 5 stars but it's justified.  Their bread is hard as concrete but the key is to soak it inside the Ciopinno to make it edible, bad if you don't order the Ciopinno. Most time when I come here there are counter seats open as long as you don't come at lunch or dinner rush times.
Came to resturant for friends bday party. I was impress with the good food and service.Since the resturant was close to accommodate this dinner.space was kinda narrow but it was great atmosphere
Clam chowder- will knock you socks off!Cioppino- Holy Cow! Da bomb! $41 but large portion for two. I am a cioppino oficionado. I take pride in my own home made ciopinno.... Until I took the first spoonful of this cioppino into my mouth. My hats off to the establishment. When you are willing to fight over the pot of cioppino with your loved one and face the consequences later, then you know how good it would be. Service- very attentiveAmbiance- kinda place where while you are slurping spaghetti noodles the guy next table gets whackedby some Italian goomba. Very cozy and old school atmosphere!!Excellent choice
Cioppino and vino blanco - It is so very unfair that it took me so long to write this review. Unfair, considering this was a Yelp highlight of my entire San Francisco trip - and lord, did we eat some great food. This one we hunted down. Was blessed with a nearby parking spot (fate favored us), a very minimal wait and then --- bliss. It was everything it was portrayed as and then some. The environment, the family, the hustle, the perfect glass of white wine and then - what we were here for - The Cioppino. It will be a pilgrimage from here on out. Thank you for a most pleasurable experience.
Very casual place--kind of took me by surprise.  When we were led downstairs, it reminded me of going downstairs to my uncle's remolded basement when we were kids. The fans were on to help disperse the mustiness. I don't know how we wound up in the basement since we had a standing reservation. Next time I'll definitely request a table upstairs.  I did not like eating down there..... Rolls of paper towels were placed on each table instead of linen napkins. Silverware was not replaced between courses. We were asked to keep our forks and spoons as the courses changed. The servers were all very sweet and quite helpful when describing certain dishes. We met the owner who is as down to earth as you could get. Great guy serving great food.I loved my linguine with seafood. It usually comes with a light cream and garlic sauce but they made mine with a rich tomato sauce. Clams, mussels, calamari, shrimp. scallops in a large bowl of linguine. I ate it all. I had this dish often as a kid growing up with a Sicilian mom. Brought back fond memories.Sotto Mare is unpretentious, very inviting and serves good food!
We came on a nice Tuesday night as a party of 2 and there was a wait. But we were able to be seated outside when we finally got our table, which was perfect. We basically shared half the table with another party of 2 but who could complain? We just couldn't wait to eat the cioppino and drink some beer! We ordered the Cioppino, which came with a lot of different seafood including mussels, crab, clams, shrimp, and more! It even had some penne pasta on the bottom of the big pot although not a ton of it. The sauce was really what made it good. It was a tomato-y sauce. I put some of that on my bread since there was so much sauce and it was super good! This was all for $41... To feed two! The menu says it feeds two and it really does. I mean, we had gotten a half order of plain Alfredo pasta ($8) just because we figured the Cioppino be flavorful and some extra carbs might be nice. The Alfredo pasta was really plain though so it just put it in my sauce from the Cioppino to make it better. That was definitely a good use of my sauce! The waitresses here are really nice too. They check on us a lot and make sure we are okay. It really feels like the ladies care what our experience is like, which I love. Regarding the ambiance, it's not fancy place but it's a cute place to be. It's really casual. But the outdoor seating is just great to have. Will be back!
We arrived a little before noon. Of course given that it is during a weekday there was no lines, no wait and no attitudes given :) Waitress was nice and friendly. Of course excellent food. We ordered the famous chioppino, 12 1/2 shell oysters and the clam linguini.
Yum yumm! Sotto mare is quaint little joint, so expect a wait even on week nights.Fortunately we were seated quickly at the bar. Started off with Baccala (bunch of mashed up fish in olive oil) - delicious! We shared the seafood cioppino - also tasty! Good amount of crab claws and clams too. It was very busy (and noisy) that night, but service was still quick and attentive. The person next to me ordered the salmon fettuccine Alfredo which looked amazing. Certainly would like to come back to try that.
Called in at 11 am on a Friday post thanksgiving to make a reservation and they only had 1:30PM open so I took it. Walked in at 1:25 and was immediately seated. Presented with bread and butter. We ordered fresh oysters which were amazing and the fresh clams were not so good. We also ordered linguini with seafood which contained a lot of seafood with a decent sauce. However, the pasta was way over cooked and not al dente at all. Far from Italian pasta. If you've been to Italy, you know what I'm talking about. -1 star here. In addition, we ordered steamed clams which contained a lot of clams as you can see in the picture. However, the broth was so salty we couldn't even use it to dip the clams in. We asked them to remake it, to be less salty. When they brought back the new dish, it was completely unsalted which we didn't ask for. -1 star here. Final thing we ordered was the seafood risotto which had a good flavor but nothing too special. Pros: portion size is hugeCons: pasta is not al dente and remake of clams was tasteless without salt.
Make a reservation and avoid the wait. I've heard horror stories about the reservation, but I didn't encounter any problems. Always a mystery when that happens. Obviously show up on time and don't be late.That being said, small cozy kitchen a la most North Beach restaurants and just the most amazing Italian seafood you'll find in the area. If you have to have one thing all you need is a cioppino. Nice portions and almost shareworthy, but oh so good I wouldn't ;) DEFINITELY come check out Sotto Mare.
The wait wasn't bad. My friend and I waited for 30mins. I was super to excited to try their fresh clams and oysters. But sadly it was just ok. First of all it wasn't like presentable. The clam meat should be on one shell, but the way they display, it was open sideways like the meat can fall off and lay on the ice. I dont even think they clean it or any thing. I do love the clams and mussels steamers. But the mussels isn't worth trying. The meat is so tiny compare to the clam meats. I think people come here for the Cioppino but sadly I can't eat crabs. One more thing the sweet water oysters doesn't taste as good as the ones at Hogs Island. I dont think the oysters is fresh in my opinion.  Bread : 3/5Fresh Clams and Oysters : 2.5/5Mussels and Clams Steamers : 4/5Penne with Pomodoro : 3/5
Best seafood restaurant I've been to in SF. Super fresh, well cooked, reasonable prices, delicious. Highly recommended!
By far my favorite restaurant ever.Cioppino here is different than everywhere else. It's a thicker tomato broth and they have penne at the bottom. You won't find better cioppino anywhere else. It comes loaded with seafood.Another dish I'd highly recommend are the grilled sand dabs. You won't regret it!
I really enjoyed the vibe of this place. You definitely get the feeling that you are in an old school, authentic Italian joint. I love how the man (who I concluded is likely the owner) was up front seating guests, then later on sat at the bar to socialize with guests. For dinner I ate the pesto gnocchi, which was delicious. This restaurant is great if you want to take a few steps out of the craziness that engulfs all of Columbus Street. Upon chatting with a few other restaurant guests around me, I learned that this is a regular spot for many locals (which is usually a good sign, in my opinion.)
Steamed Mussels were excellent. Loved the outdoor seating. The waitstaff was very friendly, helpful and accommodating. I also got the sand dabs which were good but not great. They were a little too bland. My brother had a seafood pasta and really enjoyed it. I like the location in North Beach as well. Great little area.
Ok the cioppino lived up to the hype. Super duper good as f*#k! Wait staff good. Ambiance great. Wait time good (it didn't hurt that the bar next door didn't disappoint)Food was great!Highly recommend.
Wow I am so impressed by the incredible food and service...best Ciopinno ever and they have a Alfredo seafood pasta ...to die for
Amazing amazing cioppino! I'm all about quality and quantity and Sotto Mare definitely has both! The cioppino was so flavorful and all the seafood was cooked perfectly (overcooked shrimp and mussels are the worst!). The mini pot was loaded with clams, mussels, calamari/squid, crab, and shrimp. There's also a fair amount of pasta hidden underneath. When they said that the food is enough for two, it is definitely enough for two. We shared a bottle of Pinot Grigio, 4 oyster shooters (two were complementary since it was my friend's birthday), and the cioppino. We were both so full that we can barely walk, and we still didn't finish the pastas. The service was impeccable. All the waitresses were amazingly nice and super attentive. Yes the wait is long (over an hour), but it is definitely worth the wait. I recommend coming earlier if you have party of 2 or less (reservations can only be made for 3+ people). The wait should be a lot shorter if you come before 6:30. I can't wait to be back!
I really really liked Sotto Mare. Honestly, the Cioppino was a great portion and filling, but maybe a little over-rated. I actually like their other foods, like their seafood pasta, chowders and such. It's a bit pricier than $$, I think, more like $$$.About the Cioppino-- it's a big bowl of tomato and garlic based sauce mixed with various seafoods and some weak penne. I personally found it a little weak, but the sauce was very tasty!! I just wish the flavor penetrated into the seafood and penne a bit more. Their creamy seafood pastas are very filling and satisfying, though a bit pricey.
Bomb food. Ordered the risotto and it was really good. Also ordered a 6 pack of west coast oysters those were good as well.
Authentic, Italian restaurant in the heart of the North Beach. The food was pretty good complemented by the character of the place. Strongly recommend making a reservation as there was quite a line when we arrived. The first thing you'll notice is how cool the neighborhood is if you haven't been there before. I was originally blown away by how many people they packed in the actual restaurant, but when we sat down it was totally comfortable. Apparently large groups can reserve the downstairs which would be totally cool. i wish I would have checked it out.I went here with my wife and another couple. We were greeted by a very nice host and served by a pleasantly aggressive waitress that served it to us straight. The menu is simple which is kind of nice and the prices aren't too high.There is paid parking adjacent to the restaurant.We will return whenever we're in this part of the city.
Having had cioppino several times in the past, it was a dish that never "wowed" me. Mike C. said that there was this place in North Beach with fabulous cioppino and was asking if we were interested in checking it out. After reading the reviews of my fellow Yelpers and how they raved about the "Best Damned Crab Cioppino", I was game to join Mike C. in a cioppino feast. First ones of our party to arrive for our 6:15 reservations, we waited in front with a small waiting line that was forming. Then at 6:15 with our party of six present, we checked in with the friendly hostess, and were then walked through the restaurant and down the stairs "Below the Seas" to a dining room in the lower level. After our group checked out the menu, we decided on of course, several bowls of cioppino, a mussel/clam steamers, seafood risotto and several bowl of clam chowder.Clam Chowder - the chowder had a nice consistency that had a nice amount of clams and potatoes. What gave it an extra boost in flavor was "bacon". One of best clam chowders that I've tasted. (yelp.com/biz_photos/sott)Mussel/Clam Steamers - a large bowl of mussels and clams in a tasty butter, garlic wine broth. The mussels and clams were perfectly cooked.  (yelp.com/biz_photos/sott)Seafood Risotto - Perfectly cooked risotto with generous amounts of prawns, shrimp, calamari, bay scallops, mussels and clams that were perfectly cooked. (yelp.com/biz_photos/sott)The "Best Damn Crab" Cioppino - Finally, the dish that I came here for was brought to our table. Each bowl is so large that it is enough for two! Besides the Dungeness crab, each bowl of cioppino consisted of clams, mussels, shrimp and bay scallops. At the bottom of the bowl is penne pasta too! A very nice touch to this dish. The tomato broth was so flavorful that you can't help but sop it up with the endless baskets of sourdough bread. (yelp.com/biz_photos/sott)Being in North Beach, you have countless restaurants that have their version of cioppino. But now that I've tried it, I can truly say their claim of "Best Damn Crab" cioppino is much deserved. In fact, Sotto Mare does a great job in its seafood dishes, so fresh and tasty. Will be back and highly recommend.
Wow we had to wait an hour but def amazing free wine while we waited and the food the prices!!! Try the Chipono so much fish in LA it would have had four pieces of fish at double the price so worth the wait. It brought me back to France when I ate Boullibase! :))
There was a bit of a wait since it's a tiny restaurant, but not a big deal as there was plenty of places to walk around in Little Italy. Service was prompt and friendly. We ordered the Cioppino, pasta with scallops and pasta with clams. Everything was pretty tasty, but I was looking for bolder, and tangier flavors to balance the seafood out, but this was not the place to expect that. Overall, i would rate it 3.5 stars as it's a pretty outstanding seafood joint. Highly recommended for seafood lovers!
We made reservations at 7:00 PM. Absolutely no parking in the vicinity. At 6:55 PM, I popped in to tell the hostess that we were kind of here, outside looking for parking.  20 minutes later and after hiking a long way, we stepped into the restaurant promptly at 7:15 PM. We were immediately taken to the back of the restaurant, down a flight of stairs to the basement where I head some loud yelling. I thought for sure that the San Francisco branch of the mafia would be hanging out in the basement. Luckily for us, no mafia. Only 2 loud tables of party goers having fun and singing "Happy Birthday." We were quickly seated at our table. Our waitress was none other than my daughter's 4th grade math teacher! She was a dead ringer for her teacher, and my daughter was scared. She was on spring break and her teacher that is frustrating her with "Common Core" math was the last person she wanted to see. Luckily, for my daughter, the only thing in common was the looks. Our waitress was a little nicer than her 4th grade math teacher. She gave us our menus and water for us to drink. We ended up ordering their "Best Damn Crab Cioppino" and a Pink Pasta. As we were waiting, the math teacher brought out some bread for us, and bibs for us to wear.The "Best Damn Crab Cioppino" was advertised as "Enough for two" and "Best Cioppino" in the city. We eagerly awaited it. The Cioppino came out in a large metal bowl. The math teacher told us that it had an entire crab in it. It also had shrimp, mussels, clams, scallops and Penne Pasta. All of this was mixed together in a delicious red sauce or broth. The Cioppino lived up to its name. It was perfectly seasoned. Every last bit of seafood in it was eaten. There was not a drip of sauce or broth left. What wasn't covering my seafood or pasta was either soaked up with the bread, or ladled out of there with a spoon. The Pink Pasta was okay. We ordered a half order of the Pink Pasta for the daughter because they do not have fried calamari on the menu. She ate a 1/4 of the half order. Since her math teacher looked like our waitress, we asked the waitress how much 1/4 of a half is, but, we couldn't get her to gives us the answer. Needless to say, my daughter doesn't like red, white, pink, or blue pasta. She only likes Yellow macaroni pasta with American cheese. Overall, it was a great experience at Sotto Mare. The "Best Damn Crab Cioppino" was delicious. It almost fed three!  Parking is available only if you are lucky. Get there early because you won't be there in time after looking for a parking space. No Mafia. Yes, the waitress did look like my daughter's math teacher.
SantaCon insanity outside, inside was busy, wonderful seafood smells, no waiting at 3pm on a Saturday for 2 seats at the counter with kitchen grill in full view. 1. Bread, which is really important to me, was wonderful. 2. Fish was excellent and very nicely cooked with lots of delicious sauted spinach with garlic as the accompaniment. 3. Great service.
I ate at this restaurant on Monday. I was very disappointed. I read reviews and was told that they had the best Cioppino the area. That is definitely not true here! they must have paid people for those reviews! I have never ordered that dish being filled with penne pasta and a bunch of calamari. also it comes in a metal serving bowl with a lid which they serve it in to keep the food hot but I don't think they realize that when its covered and its that hot it continues to cook the food the shrimp inside this dish looked like bay shrimp super tiny and totally overcooked including the penne pasta was also overcooked. This is not a place I will be returning to. They get a 2-star only because they had decent steamed clams.
Read some of the reviews on here before going and was a bit worried about what people said about the customer service, because who likes bad service?? But thankfully I had a great experience at Sotto Mare overall. If you have a big party, definitely make reservations beforehand. Our waitress kindly tended to our loud party of 7, patiently answered all of our questions about the menu, and was accommodating to our every need. We were seated in the basement which seemed to offer more peace of mind than the first floor next to the busy kitchen. We ordered the cioppino, a risotto, and a cream pasta, the latter two I don't know exact names because I didn't place the order. The only reason I'm giving this place 4 stars is because the cioppino was not as hot as I would have liked it to be... It was kind of warm? Shouldn't it have been a hot meal? Or is this how it's supposed to be served? I might never find out. Regardless I would still recommend. All the seafood in our dishes tasted fresh and were delicious.
My standards are always higher for a place with a 30+ min wait. Unfortunately Sotto Mare didn't live up to my expectations. The food was pretty good, as Italian food usually is, but the ambiance and service left something to be desired. We were seated next to the door, which was open, causing a draft for the whole meal. We didn't get very much interaction from the waitstaff, maybe because where we were sitting, but that isn't really an excuse. People are bustling around you the whole meal and because the aisles are so narrow, there are quite a lot of traffic jams. Don't come here if you want a relaxed, comfortable meal.
No-nonsense restaurant with generous proportions. Backstory: We went here after finding out we had accidentally cancelled a reservation at Atelier Crenn and after finding Tony's Pizza had a 1 hour wait. We were told there was a 20 minute wait and we went next door to the bar for drinks. 10 minutes later, the lobster that they gave us buzzed and we were granted entrance.Food: Special of the Night - Spinach Ravioli: Creamy, hearty, fresh. 4 starsBenita's Baccala: Chunky cod in a tomato gravy sauce. Spoon it on your bread and it's delicious. Oysters: Good and relatively inexpensive for what it was. Good deal.Smoked Salmon: LOVED it. I had gone on a cruise the week before, where the smoked salmon tasted stringy and "old". This tasted like sushi with more flavor. It helps that I had the previous comparison to fully enjoy the smoked salmon.Bread: Nice but I wasn't blown away. Seemed a bit standard. But it's free!Ambiance: We were served by this woman who seems like she is one of those wise diner veterans who could recite the menu backwards if she had to. Fast, great attention to all of the tables (she was serving many! the house was PACKED) and super professional. Maybe she's the owner or the owner's wife? Not sure, but she's awesome.
Some of the best and worst of quality combined into one restaurant.We called early on a Saturday afternoon and were told by the hostess that we did not need reservations, that we could walk in as a party of four with one child and would be fine in terms of seating. That was not accurate... By the time we got near the restaurant, they were already on a wait and it was only 4PM. We eventually did get seated around 5:15 PM, but they put us in the basement probably because they didn't want a child seated upstairs where the action is happening...i.e. The kitchen, and a much more intimate and warm environment. They put us downstairs in a room that reminded me of a mixture between and abandoned restaurant, a nursing home and an airplane hangar from World War II with random pictures all over the place. We waited 10 minutes before anybody brought us menus or water. They brought us some cold bread which was lame, and when they offered us a wine all of the vintages they had were either 2012 or 2013 cheap table wines that are not worth paying $30 for. Maybe 10, but definitely not 30. This is not the place to go to for wine or bread.At this point, we were close to walking out until they brought us oysters. We ordered several East Coast and several West Coast oysters and they were incredible. It surprised us... It did not line up with the bad experience we had had prior because of how good these things were. Then the entres came out in a timely manner. Lots of people told us to try the seafood linguine, and it was absolutely insane! Best seafood dish I have ever had in my life based on multiple interactions with Italian restaurants all over the place whether in NY, Miami, Chicago etc. The key to the seafood linguine is mixing the sauces. They offer you red, white or a mixture of both. I advise a mixture. It changes the game.Didn't even bother with dessert. We went somewhere else for that. I would give this place five stars but everything leading up to the oysters and seafood linguine was pretty terrible.
What a gem! I've passed this place a million times before but never gone in before, I'm so happy I finally came in. The menu is simple and super straight forward, for example, the wine list is comprised of four different grapes with listed prices and they pick the specific wine bottle. The atmosphere is super fun and friendly, our waitress was Shelly and she was a total riot and totally made the experience. The food was DELICIOUS! There is no meat on the menu, it's all seafood, they stick to what they're good at and they've nailed out. I go t the lobster ravioli which was unreal. My friends got the seafood risotto, seafood linguini (one god white sauce, one got red sauce) literally everything was so good! We didn't get the Cioppino but that's what they're known for and I want to try it next time, people rave about it. It's a no hassle restaurant which is super refreshing in a city full of foodies and pretentious restaurants. It's run by a family and you legit feel like you've stepped into your grandmother's kitchen. It's an absolutely must try.
I've been here twice and both times ordered the same thing. Go ahead, take a wild guess. Yup, the cioppino!Seriously, I don't know a thing about this place. I can't tell you what it looks like, I don't remember a single staff member and as far as I'm concerned the menu has one item on it, the cioppino. Loaded with all the classic ingredients this bowl is intended to be shared amongst friends. Well, when I sit down at the table in Sotto Mare I have no friends. Only potential enemies who dare to try to snap a crab leg or clam from my bowl - don't cross me, kids!Order a cheap bottle of wine and save that bread until the end when all that is left is that tasty broth - best forty something bucks you'll spend in SF.
Best restaurant I'm EVER been. If you are a visitor, this is the restaurant you MUST go to. The employees there are very NICE! But sometime you have to want a long time for the table. So my suggestion is buy it to go.
I'd give this place 6 stars if could. I almost gave up on finding a tasty cioppino or Italian Restaurant for that matter. Their food is just wicked. I came with a 4 top and everyone loved their order. We came on a Saturday (March-shoulder season. Hum, does SF have a shoulder season?), before the dinner crowd. There was no wait for the table.
Everything here was great, prices reasonable, and they don't skimp on the seafood in the pasta dishes. Ambiance downstairs could have been a little better and our waitress was a little pushy, but I can deal with that. I will definitely be coming back!
Found this one on Yelp when looking for seafood in SF. Got there at 6:30 on Friday night and for a party of two (they take reservations for parties larger than 2) the wait was about 45 minutes. They gave us a buzzer and took a credit card as collateral.Street parking was impossible but there was a parking deck across Stockton that ended up costing us $6 for around 3 hours, so not bad at all.When we got seated we walked through a kitchen/dining area that is HOT and through a hallway and staircase into a small room below the restaurant, which suffered from lack of airflow but was cooler than upstairs. We ordered beer and oysters on the half shell which were delicious but our waitress didn't have a ton to say about either and took a while to get them to us. The bread was pretty good, and the butter had been frozen so it was impossible to spread.Then we ordered the clam chowder which was delicious and came out right away, as well as our entrees. I had the risotto with seafood (clams, calamari, oysters, etc). The food was delicious but it took a long time to get to us so I was already getting full from beer and bread and the appetizers. I ended up eating about half the entree and bringing it home. It was very good, however. The risotto was very flavorful and there was a generous amount of seafood in it. The food was worth the wait, but odd timing and lackluster service takes off a star for me.
Sotto Mare...where have you been all my life? Though you're not a fancy Italian seafood restaurant, you're by far better! We arrived on Tuesday evening with 6:30 p.m. reservations and checked in with the hostess who was friendly. My initial impression of the restaurant was, "this place is small". Little did I know, there was a downstairs for additional seating called "Under the Sea".  "Under the Sea" has two separate dining rooms (also their banquet room) that can seat a party of 4 or more. As we walked passed the narrow walkway by the bar and tables that seat two along the wall, I noticed the bar seating had the best view to the open kitchen. We were immediately served bread upon being seated. I'm not sure if they make their bread in-house, but it was hard and cold. I would've preferred it to be served warm and soft. Also, the butter was ice cold so it was hard to spread. Fortunately, I was able to use the bread to sop up the sauce from the cioppino and juice from the clam steamers.We ordered:Clam Steamers ($19) - A generous portion of clams in a flavorful garlicky broth. Simple and very fresh!Boston Clam Chowder (Bowl w/ entree $6.50) - Not sure how it differentiates from any other clam chowder, but it was full of heartiness and robust flavors. It had a nice amount of clams, bite size potatoes, and bacon bits in a creamy flavorful stock.Risotto ($19) - It was good, but not the best I've had. Packed with large prawns, tiny shrimps, calamari, clams, mussels, and baby scallops. The risotto might have been undercooked too because part of it was hard. Seafood was definitely fresh and rich in variety!The Best Damn Crab Cioppino ($38) - Good for two people, but can probably feed more if you eat like a bird. The tomato based broth was well seasoned and the various seafood added a brininess, which enhanced the flavor. The seafood components consisted of crab, mussels, clams, tiny scallops, and calamari. If you dig to the bottom, you'll find a plethora of penne pasta swimming in the broth.  Definitely worth the price for the amount of fresh seafood they give.Grilled Sand Dabs ($19) - This was my least favorite dish even though it's one of their popular items. The portion was generous since they give you about eight or nine sand dabs. Although fresh, it needed more seasoning to enhance the flavor . This was not a winner.Service was impeccable! Our waitress was friendly, attentive, and asked numerous times if we're okay on drinks. **NOTE** They do not serve dessert here. Instead, they provide you with a list of places nearby. Pros-great service-delicious foodCons-parking is difficult in North Beach-limited menu-no dessert
Bomb. Highlights: - east side oysters were $2.50 each, but they were fresh! (4 stars) - Seafood linguine was so good, a bit heavy tho (4.5 stars)- Clam steamers were huge and good! (4 stars)- Watching how fast and skilled the cooks are, cooking 6 pans at a time!!!Wanna come back for cioppino and sand dabs!Also prepare to wait - at least 30 mins. But well worth it!
I wasn't very impressed for the price. I think everything here was very basic. I mean I even tried giving the pasta some love. If you want real seafood you should go to Swan Oyster Depot or Hog Island. I took my friends here from Orange County they were used to feasting on Boiling Crab. If you just want a regular boiled crab in no seasoning ... come here.
I was in SF for a wedding and found this place on Yelp. It was a perfect combination of seafood and Italian in the "happening" part of the city. Verdict? Well...it's okay. We came here on a Thursday night and arrived at the restaurant at 7:20pm. There was already a line forming and I knew the wait was going to be a while. It took almost two hours to go from putting our name down on the wait list to when the food came to our table. We ordered the cioppino like everyone suggested. The portion was good. Perfect for two people as the menu suggested. While I'm no expert on cioppino nor have I tried any before this trip, I was rather underwhelmed by the experience. Perhaps it was the two hour wait. Perhaps it was the hype around the dish. Perhaps it may have even been the $40+ bill that came to us at the end. I'm sorry to say this but it just wasn't worth it. Not $41 dollars worth of food by any means. Don't get me wrong. There was a good amount of seafood and some penne to add to the mix. But after tips and tax, it's about $25 per person. For that amount, it would've been worthwhile to order the seafood linguine, which looked amazing. The food wasn't bad but it definitely wasn't worth the wait nor the money.
Still my go-to place for cioppino. I taste the wine and so much goodness in that base. It comes with pasta, so we picked penne. Penne seems to hold the soup. I must have been hungry, because I ate about 6 pieces of bread. You dip the bread in the soup; it becomes a meal. Wherever they got the crab, it was sweet tasting. Poor sf, our crab has too much algea so sf won't have a crab season. Our water us too warm for these crustaceans.  Darn! Bring back the cold.  The shrimp was very fresh. $41 for the soup for two was well worth it. The bacon clam chowder is still too salty for me. It is good, but too salty. This place has no dessert, which my friend said they didn't want you to linger too long. There's people waiting outside in the cold. They give you a vibrating lobster when you leave your credit card with them. You can take the lobster as far as the corner. When your table is up, that thing will light up like a Christmas tree. People next to us have wine and the waitress even let them taste it before ordering. Good thing the patron tasted it, she didn't like it and choose another one. The waitress was friendly and reminds me of the word "ballsy", so much character.  They have the oldest cash register. This place has so many wall decors. One sign said something about crazy, "they trained us here", not exact words.
This place is legit. There is a reason it has so many reviews yet maintain a high rating.Went to this place years back and realized I never reviewed it only after going again recently.We've tried the seafood risotto, seafood pasta, and cioppino. All were fantastic. This really is for the seafood lover. If you are not much into seafood, the amount given on each dish might overwhelm you. I've tried cioppino all over the place. At some highly regarded restaurants. This may be up there at the top of my list. In terms of price, quality, portions. It is enough for 2 people. And not 2 small people, but 2 average folks can really be satisfied. The seafood risotto was packed with seafood. Don't worry about them skimping--they don't. Same goes for the pasta. It's not a fancy restaurant. In fact it may be rather small for the popularity of the place. But everything works. It flows well with just the overall vibe of the North Beach/Telegraph Hill area. It's fun to sit at the bar watching the cooks do their thing since it's an open kitchen. If I had a complaint, it would be the staff is not as nice or attentive--or I've just had bad luck on the times I've came. They aren't bad, but you just know it could be better--thats how it was with my experiences.Overall, excellent food with good value. Definitely a place to continue to come back.
Sotto Mare. Where have you been all my life and why have I been settling at other restaurants? You are seriously better than the fancy Italian seafood restaurant I went to last night and well worth every dollar spent. First of all, red or white wine while you wait to be seated. For free. Come on, now. Whatever you do, order the crab cioppino with seafood. Not only is it the best cioppino you'll ever taste, but it's pretty much the best cioppino you'll ever taste. I'm sure there is a whole Dungeness crab cut into pieces in there and lots of mussels and clams to compliment it. Not to mention penne pasta, shrimp, and baby octopus. Oh my gosh, this is seriously so good. Did I also mention that this is the best cioppino ever? You also get unlimited bread. Score.The service is friendly and the wait was well worth it. I'm definitely coming back for you, you crab cioppino, you.
Best cioppino I have had. I like how they add the pasta. The flavors were well melded, and you could tell they had been stewing for several hours, if not overnight. I dare say it's better that Tadich Grill!Clam chowder was also excllent. Not too thick, which is how I like it. Get there before 6pm if you don't want a crazy wait. I live up the hill and see myself getting some clam chowder to go in the near future.
Got the following and they were all fantastic:- east coast oysters on half shell  (they ran out of west coast oysters)- clam on half shell - clam chowder bowl- cioppino (for two)- seafood linguine Service was good at a very very busy restaurant (and we ate at the tables outside because the wait is too long otherwise).both the seafood linguine and cioppino have tons of seafood in it. It has this fresh seafood taste to it. Awesome. I think that the food has good value and is well worth the price. Clam and oyster were both fresh. Chowder was excellent, but I remember better chowder from the East coast.Overall, the experience and food are both excellent. We will come back and we probably will recommend out of town friends to visit here also.
This place has that diner feel with their nautical decorations and cozy atmosphere. Came to get oysters and also ordered a clam chowder. Oysters were nice and fresh and weren't small like some other places I've been to. It was a first to see my oysters swimming in some water still but gosh, they were delicious. $1.50 for the west coast ones and $2.50 for east coast. I haven't tried east coast to see the dollar difference yet. Chowder was alright and they gave a bread basket when you first sit down. There's olive oil and vinegar for you to dip your bread in and also some butter. Mostly I would just come back to get oysters if I was ever in the area.
I had this place bookmarked for quite some time now and decided to finally try it out. I am so glad I did! I loved this place. Although it's tiny, we only had to wait 10-15 minutes. We traded a credit card for the lobster buzzer so they can notify you when a table is ready.We had a bowl or clam chowder which had big chunks of clams and was very tasty and creamy. Also ordered the bay scallop fettuccine which was also delicious and had plenty of scallops and a rich tasty garlic flavored sauce. Last but not least, we had the BEST DAMN CRAB CIOPPINO ! Soooooo good. We definitely didn't need the soup and pasta but don't regret any of it. So much different seafood in a delicious tomato base. I drank the broth like tomato soup. Yummm! The ladies in the front are nice and friendly and treat you like family. After we ate we needed a box to go and I felt like she was my mom worrying about the bag getting dirty and smelling like seafood in the car. The wait staff is also friendly and they are on top of their stuff. Never needed to ask for anything besides a box because they always had everything brought or noticed it was low. I'll definitely be back!
So great! Rocky start at first cause I had a feeling we were in nyc cause the staff was not very warming (at first) but once we got our table we got going in a positive way. Scallops and the sand dabs were on point and super big portions! Very good seafood!
I suggest you make reservations, everything on the menu was fresh ! If you sit @ the bar you can actually see them prepare the food ! Small place but worth the wait !
Sotto Mare is a quaint, cozy spot with excellent Italian seafood. The restaurant is fairly small. We arrived on a Thursday night and of course there was a wait. (Note: You can't make reservations unless you have 3 or more and it is not great for big groups.) It is definitely worth the wait. The host was very friendly and offered us each a complimentary glass of wine while we waited - a very nice touch. To start, we ordered a dozen oysters - trying their east and west coast oysters. All were good but the west coast oysters take the day any day of the week. They were fresh, meaty and had a nice brininess to them. We had to order the Cioppino and it was some of the best cioppino I've ever had. It is huge and is meant to serve 2. It is a tomato based broth that has a great seafood base and is served with some penne pasta that still has a nice bite to it. The Cioppino is overflowing with seafood - lots of crab, shrimp, mussels, calamari, clams and octopus. All of the seafood was fresh and perfectly cooked. It is seafood heaven! Now that I am thinking of the cioppino, my stomach is rumbling. It was amazing food, excellent service and reasonably priced. This is definitely making my San Francisco staple restaurant list.
This is a return to Sotto Mare.The best crab cioppino...ever. Eight of us ate here last night. We started with an appetizer of clams...excellent: garlic...butter...clams...yumm. One couple ordered a blue cheese wedge salad to share. Lettuce was fresh and crisp...tomatoes were firm and flavorful. Two ordered the Boston-style clam chowder: loaded with clams and bacon.Six of us had crab cioppino. Wonderful blend of flavors...huge quantity of crab, clams, mussels, calamari, and other deliciousness from the sea. An excellent tomato-based sauce, pasta, and French bread round out the dish. The other two ordered Seafood risotto...also loaded with the seafood that makes this place one of San Francisco's great restaurants.
You MUST get the ciopinno, otherwise, there's no other reason to come here. All their seafood dishes are great, too - sandabs and clams, but the ciopinno by the far, the best.
This place is amazing. Quirky and fun ambiance. Sat at the chefs counter and had the mussels/clams combo and the fettuccine with scallops. The staff is friendly and efficient. The chefs are extremely talented and fun to watch. This place won't let you down.
Food comes in big portion. I like what I had, but nothing surprises me.
Sotto Mare is located on one of my favorite streets in North Beach, Green St. I like how this spot has an old diner feel to it. I met up with a friend at here to treat her for her birthday. She wanted to try their Best Damn Crab Cioppino and so that's what I ordered for the both of us since the menu said it was enough for two.  It was rather chilly that night, so before having the Best Damn Crab Cioppino, I was convinced by our waitress to start with their Boston Clam Chowder.Boston Clam Chowder -- bit.ly/1617OoJIt was good chowder. Not sure how it differentiates from any other clam chowders I've had at other spots but it was still pretty good regardless."The Best Damn Crab Cioppino" -- bit.ly/17B3Un2Yeah, this was good! Loaded with crab, mussels, and a whole lot of seafood. So much stuff going on that it was definitely enough for the both of us. Well I'm sold and it certainly deserves its title.I'd like to come back and try their other stuff like their sand dabs and seafood risotto and also go for another round of the Best Damn Cioppino, but all to myself!!
My friend and I made plans to have dinner here, and as I drove up, I had a moment of deja vu. When I first decided to move out to the Bay from Texas 3 years ago, I had to fly in for the day to sign my lease and take care of business. I decided I was going to have dinner here, at Sotto Mare. I drove up from San Jose with no cash for parking and drove around forever looking for parking before returning to San Jose, hungry and dejected. Fast forward 3 years to the present day, and I had a slight panic attack thinking it would be a repeat. It wasn't. Parking in this area sucks, but it's totally worth the pain. I had an amazing bowl of steamers that made me feel like I was in Boston, Rhode Island, or anywhere in the Northeast where steamers are everywhere. The flavor of the broth was perfect, there was a large pile of clams, and it was everything I was looking for to satiate this craving I had for seafood. Pair that with a glass of wine, and you're golden!
Slow service. Grilled fish soaked in oil and grease and risotto that's swimming in oil. Disgusting. One star for having Peroni on draft.
Good quality - fresh, good seasoningWait time - 1 hour + Saturday dinner Portion- average to less My son was not full with Sea Scallop dinner portion so lots of breadEnvironment - Typical in San Francisco. Every small but cozy. Service - very good
Nostalgia soaked walls, cooks and waiters in testy exchanges, a gregarious and plump owner at the front, no Opentable reservations (because these contrarians don't need Opentable) and the best damn cioppino combine to bring it all back home at this vestige of old North Beach. The walls are festooned with faded pictures and lots of mounted fish. In every conceivable space possible. The main dining room is narrow and shares the space with the kitchen towards the back. On a relatively warm day outside it becomes a bit hot and smoky in the back. But then you're not here for frivolous things like ambient room temperature and synchronized waiters doing choreographed moves. You're here to eat in a place that has not altered much since way before hipsters where in diapers and the Mission wasn't invaded by homogenization and gentrification. This place doesn't need to survive as a legacy act. It can hold its own. It's authenticity cuts through the pretensions of fly by night upstarts and pop ups that operate more in line with extortion rackets. Long after those places are gone this place will remain standing. You're beautiful baby.
Long story short, quite possibly one of the best Italian restaurants I've been to in a long time. Their copiccino, clam chowder were ON POINT, but the services was what ruined it for me.We made a reservation for the 3 of us and had arrived about 15 minutes early -- we of course didn't mind waiting until our reserved time, contemplating through the menu items.When we were finally given a table (outside patio too, on a cold breezy SF night), it was already well 20 minutes past our reservation time. Ok, it's a busy restaurant, it happens, I understand.The appetizers and our drinks came out fairly quickly of us sitting down. THEN, we had to wait another 50 minutes before our main dishes finally came out. FIFTY. That's a total of 1 hour and 20 minutes waiting for one of the most popular dishes to come out, when we were told it would be not more than a 20 minute wait. Worst thing was that other groups that arrived much later than we did got their food items, finished and left before we even got ours... When I asked the server (who came to check on us only once), the hostess, and the owner (who pretty much scolded us to keep quiet, RUDE) on what's happened, they just simply didn't seem to care. No discount, no apologies, no nothing. Although there were more things that I could mention, I think this will suffice.Food, 5 stars. Service, 0.5 stars. Don't think I'll return here.
Reservations: Yes, they take reservations (for groups of 3 or more)! I made the reservation about 10 days in advance and got the time I wanted for four people! There was a long line for those without reservations so please be sure to make one, or be ready to wait. Check-in: Reservation was for 7:30PM and got there around 7:23PM. They don't seat you until everyone in your party is there so be sure to be on time. Order: Cioppino, Risotto (seafood- chef's special), Linguine with Mussel Clams ,2 bottles of chardonnay - Cioppino: my first ever, unique bowl of seafood, pasta, and delicious sauce! Don't forget to dip the bread into the bowl- Risotto: made with fresh seafood. the flavor and seasoning was perfect- Linguine: the best pasta i've had in a while! everything was so fresh and the sauce was soft yet creamy. perfection. Service: Medium. It was easy to get someone's attention but no one was really attentive. Food came out about 35-40 minutes of ordering so order as soon as you can. Overall: definitely will come back again :)
Glad we made reservations because the wait would've been a long wait. We had clam linguini, salmon and cioppino. Everything was decent tasting.
The food was cooked to perfection. The black forest ham and mocha with soy milk complemented each other, friendly staff and very knowledgeable with their job. They were very kind if you need something from them.
Oysters were so-so, definitely not as fantastic as the Boston ones. The clam chowder was also decent. The cioppino was a huge portion (my boyfriend and I split it and were very full), and very flavorful. Really enjoyed it! Service was a little slow in general, even when there weren't that many customers. My boyfriend and I went in at 5 PM so there was no queue, but when we left, there was a huge line out the door.
This place is so good. SO GOOD. Boyfriend was craving some Italian fare so we came here on a weekday evening in order to satiate his stomach. Little did we know that we were in for a treat. After bracing ourselves for a crowd, we were lucky enough to have no wait whatsoever and were seated immediately. Score! Free bread was instantly bestowed upon us. At the table were olive oil and vinegar, and you can also ask for fresh garlic. Score again!We ordered the seafood cioppino, 4 oysters (east coast and west coast; in my humble opinion, west coast tasted better), the seafood cioppino, and half a plate of linguine in Alfredo sauce. We also ordered a glass of red wine (forgot which one). Everything was perfecto! The seafood cioppino - WOW. They do not skimp out on the seafood, and everything was so fresh. The soup broth was also very flavorful and had so much depth. The linguine - they cooked the pasta perfectly and did not smother it in sauce, which I was very grateful for. The oysters were also quite delicious. While service was not over the top since it's a small restaurant and fairly busy, it was friendly and not at all lacking. (I'm talking to you other reviewers, who for some reason expect to be waited on hand and foot...)The meal came out to be $40 a person, which I find very reasonable for such high quality food! This meal was definitely worth cancelling out my gym workout that I had so rigorously undertaken right before.
I had to remove a star because our last trip to Sotto Mare did not meet our expectations.We ordered a dozen of the east coast oysters, the cioppino, and the mussel/clam steamers. We've ordered these items every time we come here so we all knew what to expect.My only complaint was that the mussel/clam steamers was overcooked. The mussels and clams were shriveled up and most they fell out of their shells, and were rubbery. I cook mussels and clams at home a lot (we love shellfish!) and was so disappointed by this dish.Other than that, the oysters were great and the cioppino was the same, except this time they served it in a bowl.
They just don't do cioppino for one. But they do offer a tomato based linguini that was loaded with clams, scallops, shrimps (perfectly sweet and tender, every.single.one) and mussels. Very garlicky, rich flavorful tomato sauce. No complaints about the service, all business, no cloying smalltalk or annoying hovering. I loved my experience there this evening.
Been living in North Beach for 45 years...Sotto Mare is on top of my list. Gigi's heart and soul can be found here. Great Italian dishes each time for both locals and tourists. Love the crab Dishes.... Yes all of them! The seafood pastas, fish and cioppino dishes are lovely too, ! Yum yum yum!
If you think that Italian food is only pizza and pasta, man are you missing out! Italians also have a lovely seafood palatte, and being nestled in the middle of little italy, Sotto Mare had a touch of San Francisco to their menu.Make a reservation - the lines are long because the food is good. They have a downstairs seating area as well, that's removed from the hustle and bustle.Get:-Clam chowder - delicious. perfect texture. lots of clams and a wonderful flavor-Grilled sand dabs - flat fish, light, buttery. So amazingly flavored, and served with a really nice greenThey don't serve coffee or dessert (because it's actually bad for you) but give you a list of recommendations for local spots. Live what you believe. I can respect that plenty.Will definitely be back!
I don't know how I could give this less than five stars. The location is unique and inviting. You'll welcome and like you are in a place other than your house but equally relaxing. The service was fantastic. June our maybe have was helpful fun and did a great job choosing wine for me based on my description of what I liked and what I ate. The sand dabs and pasta were second to none. I'm going back, holy view it's good food.
I wanted to love this place, I really did.I came here for the cioppino, no messing around. Arrive solo on a Saturday afternoon pretty early. Seated at the bar no problem and saw a bunch of tables inside open as well if any groups happened to come in. I ordered my cioppino and patiently waited. During this time, another older gentlemen was seated next to me. My order came up shortly thereafter and I dug in. I ignored the provided bread the entire time I was there.The cioppino was alright. Very heavy thick tomato overpowered everything inside that bowl. So much so that it was very difficult to taste the different types of seafood. I finished the entire thing after being warned I wouldn't be able to by three different waitresses. It was definitely a lot.So you're probably wondering why I mentioned the other gentlemen above...well, this guy had not even gotten a drink by the time I was done and leaving (it took me a bit!). The staff wasn't overly busy, and he was acknowledged by THREE different waitresses that they'd get right to him for a drink and his order. Eventually he got up and left without saying a word. I felt so terrible. They kept brushing by him shooting the breeze with customers and co-workers. This rubbed me the wrong way. If this was happening when the place was about 2/3 full, I can't imagine what it's like when it's packed.
Pretty bomb seafood. I had been waiting to try this place for ages per the recommendations from friends and yelp itself. Finally came here one day with my family and it is a good family-style retaurant. Of course we got the Cioppino, and it was delicious. The portions are actually perfect for one person so don't try to share a regular(small?) sized one. My only complaint concerns the extra order of noodles we got after finishing our cioppinos because we didn't feel filled yet. I think it costed like $7(or more) for an extra order of plain pasta -- something ridiculous. Anyway, if you have the finances I definitely recommend this place!
Really small place, hidden gem I would say. The servers are truly italians and that shows in the service and the food. I ordered the seafood risotto and it was absolutely delicious, perfect combination of shrimp, clams, calamari, octopus and a subtle whie wine sauce. We sat on the terrace and it was perfect.
I chose this place to write my first Yelp review. When in SF I do my usual searching for spots that I might want to try out. I almost inevitably put this place on my list. Somewhat ashamed because of the endless choices in the city. But I love the neighborhood and this place! First, don't be in a hurry. Whether you make a reservation or not you will wait. Check in and go next door and have a cocktail at the Columbus Cafe. Excellent bartenders there. Everything you've heard about the Cioppino is true. Coming from a Sicilian family and getting impressed from a restaurant Cioppino is saying something. By now I've had about 4 total different dinners. All prepared well but have had this dish the most. It's a simple menu but one that everyone can find something they like.Great food. Great prices. Great owner and staff!!
Sand dips. Sand dips and more sand dips. Order them, ear them and let them melt in your mouth. Typical with good spots in SF, go early and bring your patience as there will be an hour wait. I like to sit at the bar (everywhere I go) and enjoy an ice cold beer with my meal. Oh yeah- order rhe sand dips here.
Wow. Rarely do dishes surpass expectations when the're as hyped as the cioppino from Sotto Mare. But this cioppino is indescribably good. The crab in particular was very well done and very easy to eat since it was pre cracked. The menu says its enough for two but you could honestly feed 3-4 people with the amount they give you. In order to appreciate how good this cioppino is you just have to go and try it.
This place was recommended by locals and was even better than advertised! I recommend sitting at the counter so you can chat with the friendly staff and take in organized chaos of a well run restaurant.
*Staff was a bit rude.*The clam chowder was to die for.*Shrimp fettuccine alfredo was alright.*Oysters were on point.I'd definitely go back :)
I couldn't possibly give Sotto Mare a high enough recommendation. Owned and operated by an authentic North Beach family, the Azzolino's, they provide that personal touch that makes you feel at home.  In addition to the welcoming atmosphere, the aroma from the kitchen is an incredible prelude for what's to come. Simply the freshest and highest quality of seafood that The City has to offer. With all due respect to the many outstanding dining establishments throughout San Francisco, Sotto Mare truly does rise above the rest. Deliciously prepared seafood dishes that are true to the Azzolino roots in Calabria. A little heat, but not too much. The cioppino is simply the best and the crab diavolo leaves you longing for more.Hope to see you there!
It was our first time to to have cioppino and it did not disappoint- so good! Be prepared to wait approx 20 mins once you order. Will definitely come back.
This place was amazing ! Order the all seafood linguine, it was heavenly ! The ambiance was cool, warm, cozy and very friendly. Our server was so cool and knew every dish on the menu. The owner was so involved in the business and made sure that she spoke with customer.The only drawback was its long wait times, if you don't have a reservation, expect to eat at 5pm or 10pm or wait for over 1 hr. Definitely worth the wait ! I can't wait to return and try the other menu items.
The parking in North Beach made me temporarily suicidal, but I eventually found something only half a block away after 30 or so minutes. When I got to the place with baby in tow, the wife was venting about the rude hostess/owner lady, possibly the same obnoxious lady who answered the phone just hours earlier. I was ready at the drop of a hat to tell her off, but she was a bit nicer when she sat us, so I held my tongue. And I wanted to at least judge the food before I did so...I thought it was a bit audacious to call it "BEST DAMN CRAB CIOPPINO", and was ready to pounce if it was even slightly subpar, but oh my gosh, oh my gosh, it was so amazing. Probably the freshest seafood I've ever tasted, and a ton of it--huge crab legs, shrimp, mussels, calamari, clams, all stewing in this fantastic creamy tomato broth with a bit of Penne. It was really too much, and too delicious. We also got a raw clam, because I'd never seen them served raw. Let's put it this way--there's a reason that people eat raw oyster and not raw clam--raw clam tastes just like cooked clam.That rude owner lady couldn't get enough of our baby--she smooched him and hugged him over and over again and practically wouldn't let us out. She said we should keep coming back so she could watch him grow up. She even gave the wife her card and said to call her for reservations (even though I'd been rudely rejected when I tried to make a reservation on the phone earlier that afternoon). This woman's love for our baby, as well as her amazing cioppino, saved her from my wrath.
Very nice people and a comfortable place in a good location. I sat near the door and heard person after person say the place had been highly recommended to them. The meal I had was pretty poor, though.I had 3 raw oysters, 3 clams, iced tea and a plate of sand dabs. With tax and tip it came to $40. At a nice place that is what I would expect to pay. But what I got was not worth anything near that amount.The sand dab dish was very generous but the fish had too much flour and tasted like it was cooked on a grill that wasn't clean. It came with some hunks of broccoli rabe that had burned garlic on it. Not pleasant. The raw shellfish plate was a loser. On the one hand it was very cheap, with the clams and oysters costing $1.50 each. The oysters were mediocre and the clams were just supermarket Manila clams, which are not very interesting to eat raw and they were not fresh. They opened them poorly and they put the shells on the plate sideways so there was no liquor in them. They were like little strings of dry clam.I love seafood and have eaten a lot of raw shellfish. I don't think there is anything more delicious than raw clams, full of clean tasting juice and tender meat. But that's not what I got.
It's really very nice fresh sea food restaurant. We took west coast oysters(too milky and very nice sea flavor) and cram chowder(Seattle' one is better. Cone and bacon taste more than cram taste) and sea scallop saut(this is really nice source. Butter garlic onion source. Actually this is very nice for bread too. ). I do recommend.
This was not what I was expecting based on the reviews. I've had MUCH better ciopinno & seafood in San Francisco. Service was sub par; the hostess was rude and we had to hunt down the bill. I don't understand why this restaurant has such good ratings.
Nnnnooootttttt really sure what all the fuss is about. What's with the rave reviews?Pros:Fun, sorta gritty, vintage (red/white plastic checkered tablecloth-style) atmosphereYou get to wear a bib Mussel / clam steamersCons:Rude service...like, really rudeLongest wait - to sit, to get drinks, and to eatApps and Mains came at the same timeTaste of several dishes was only so-so
Excellent! Worth the wait. We had pesto, half crab and risotto. Seafood was fresh and the pasta was excellent. Would eat the pesto again any day.
I came here for Valentine's Day on a double date, after waiting for months to try the cioppino I'd heard so much about. Well, it was amazing, and then some. There was SO much seafood, we couldn't believe it. It's a hearty two person meal, but it could easily be shared by 4 with a few appetizers to supplement it. Pretty much everything else could have been terrible and I would have still given this place 5 stars, but I will say there are some things that could have been better. For one, it was beyond hot inside...I was wearing a skirt and sleeveless top and I was sweating uncontrollably. Thank god I wasn't on a first date because it was not a great look. The other thing was that the servers tried to take our cioppino away before we were done. Uhh, what? There's not much else to say other than I cannot wait to indulge in that heavenly cioppino again.
I haven't been here in years, but when I went it was certainly some of the better seafood I've eaten in San Francisco. The line was quite a wait, and the customer service wasn't great (which is why I am giving them 3 stars versus 4 or 5).
MANGIA, MANGIA.......Yes when you come here, Definitely bring your appetite!This just might be my favorite Italian/Seafood restaurant in SF. But then I always seem to say that, until I discover yet another one.Arrived for our reservations at 6:00pm. Party of 5. We were celebrating one of the gals birthday in our group Sandy. We were seated promptly downstairs. Have to admit, it was much quieter which I liked.Immediately we were given bread & butter. But the bread was not warm and the butter was ice cold. Oh well.We each started off with a cocktail. I had a Moscow Mule (change it up a bit).Now onto the food....We each started with a bowl of Red Clam Chowder which was AMAZING. Had tiny pieces of clams, potatoes, LEEKS AND bacon. It was out of this world delicious!  We then had Bay Shrimp Cocktail which might be the best I've ever had. The seafood at this place is sooooo fresh. For our main, I had the Bay Scallop Fettucini. The scallops were done perfectly & the noodles were just al-dente (which I'm picky about). The girls ordered Grilled Sand Dabs, and two shared the Crab Choppino, & one had what I had. Everyone LOVED their food. Generous portions. My cream sauce to the fettucini was out of this world!Service was right on. I think our waiter got a little annoyed with us as we were having a discussion about which wine to order with dinner & I guess we weren't fast enough to his liking. Lol.They do not serve dessert here but that's okay because after, we were headed to my house to enjoy strawberry shortcake & coffee or champagne. Once we got home to our dessert, we popped in a movie (some old classic called American Beauty) & the girls didn't leave till 1:30am.Great evening had by all!
Came here specifically for the cioppino after many recommendations. Not much to say that isn't already said.Best I had so far. But let me know if there's any better around!Minus points for no outdoor heating and softer bread though.One puzzling thing was, why do people wait really long for indoor seating when there are outdoor seats available? They are already outside... waiting...  :\
Cioppino is orgasmic.But why is no one talking about the hot, blond-haired busboy with the Italian accent?Thanks to him, I never got dessert because I melted.The rave about this place is real. Came here around 8 p.m., before a crowd boom 30 minutes later. The 2 of us waited for a bit but it was not brutal, just a little awkward. To make the wait a little less tedious, the hostess was such a gentleman and offered the waiting guests some wine. Not great wine but at least it's much better than water.Got seated by the bar and we had a great view of the employees at work. Almost everyone is so hardworking and persistent; it really is a fast-paced environment and you haven't eaten at Sotto Mare unless you experience the banging of the dishes and the singing of wine glasses clinking. It is amazing how this place operates...it almost seems robotic. We got the crab ciopinno, which was all what we really needed for the night. I won't repeat every word in the dictionary people raved about this in rapture but I've never been so full from eating half (or maybe even less) of something in my life. Seriously, even if you come with an empty stomach, I think even 3 people would suffice. It has all the wonders of the bay--scallops, mussels, crab, shrimp--all the goodness! The cold bread wasn't that great but tastes better dipped with the tomato stew. The stew was very rich and I'm very sensitive to spices but I think it would've been dull without any pepper. My first time having ciopinno and I don't eat a whole lot of Italian food but this was a nice surprise--a very filling, nice surprise. Not a lot crabs but I don't think I could've taken anymore regardless. One thing I really suggest is to WEAR THE BIB because I thought I was flawless with food and wasn't going to get anything splattered on my clothes but those damn crabs, especially when you're opening them will splash on your clothes, so WEAR IT! The really strange thing is that it's listed as $32 on the menu but when we got our tab, it came out to $41. When asked about it, our waitress (had pinkish skin) pretty much had her nose up in the air and didn't seem to care in her dull tone. Other than her inattentive service, everyone else was very respectful and nice and made us feel very welcomed despite how busy they were. This is a real Italian place and I think they do a great job of preserving their heritage because everyone who works here is a true Italian, which gives this place more meaning.
Great local seafood place full of history. A bit disappointed with the tiny oysters and Alfredo sauce lacking flavor. The seafood risotto was incredible. There was soo much seafood of all kinds in the bowl. The clam chowder was well seasoned and not too heavy. Will definitely come back! Need to go early tho or expect a long wait.
The Cioppino was UNREAL. So flavorful, huge portion and definitely more than enough seafood -- with a great variety of clams shrimp calamari and crab (and penne pasta, if you're into that sorta thing). I was also super impressed with the clam chowder, way better than anything you'll get down by fisherman's wharf. Probably explains why I had to wait an hour and a half to be seated. They also take reservations, but only for groups of 3+. Tip: go early, or not as hungry, and grab some wine from the restaurant next door. They'll give you a beeper for when it's your turn.
The food is filling and fresh. Is the taste that amazing not really.Has a very home like feeling. The staff was very friendly.It would be nice to have the option of table vs counter presented by the hose.We got seating in front of the kitchen on the counter.I will try to this place 1 more time just to make sure i didn't miss anythingCioppino - very big will feed 2half crab and linguine - the linguine was done perfectbottle of winetotal cost with tip $114
I have only one big complaint about Sotto Mare: I wish it were in Seattle so I could eat there all the time! On a recent trip to San Francisco we discovered Sotto Mare and fell in love. I had the seafood fettuccini and it was to die for. The portion was huge, and unlike other places where you have to search for the seafood, there is a large portion of fresh seafood. The bread was yummy, and the owners provide a personal touch by coming by the table to make sure you are enjoying your experience. It was really busy when we were there (a Monday night) so be sure to make reservations.
I absolutely loved everything about this place!! We came on a Tuesday night around 7 and there was a short wait of 20 mins. (Not bad for how popular this restaurant is with locals and tourists) While we waited the owner gave us some wine on the house!! Talk about customer service!!! From that point I knew things were just gonna get better!We started with a half dozen of west coast oysters! Soooo fresh and delicious! My boyfriend is now a fan! =) Then we split "the best damn crab chioppino" with seafood and boy did they live up to that name! It was huge!!!! And they were generous with everything! (Crab, mussels, clams, shrimp, baby scallops and squid over a bed of penne pasta) We also got a half order of pesto fettuccine! Half order was enough because the penne pasta in the chioppino and side of bread you start soaking in the chioppino sauce gets filling! Hands down the best seafood I have had!! I can't stop thinking about the quality and freshness of the seafood! Tasteful and cooked to perfection! Finger licking good! I have found my new favorite seafood restaurant in the City!
Best cioppino ever! My husband and I are big cioppino fans and have tried it in many different restaurants. Sotto Mare definitely has the best one! The size is also great for two people to share (two of us just shared one cioppino and that was more than enough for us). It's smart for them to add pasta in the soup - very tasty and more filling for sure! Service was great, too. The only three little complaints I had were 1) Bread was only OK. You would expect the bread to taste better in such an Italian restaurant, but however it's not the case. Given how delicious their cioppino is, though, it's not that important I guess. 2) It gets very smokey. If you can, sit in the back room, outside, or closer to the entrance. The kitchen is out in the open on the back side of the restaurant. If you sit there, it does get really smokey and stuffy. Your hair and clothes will smell, too. I recommend bringing some dry shampoo or hair perfume. :) 3) Not the best spot to bring your baby. Aside from the smoke, this place is pretty small. Not good for a stroll for sure. They also don't provide a high chair, only a booster seat.But, in terms of the food itself, I still highly recommend this restaurant.
I've had many a cioppino and this restaurant serves the best by far! Delicious broth! I could just eat the bread and broth for a meal. Seafood was cooked perfectly. The sand dobs are a light and refreshing dish. Very tender flakey fish cooked to perfection. The clam chowder is good, but not amazing.
Great Cioppino! For $41 you get Cioppino for two people. Awesome food! Looking forward to trying out the rest of the menu!
Wow! the best cioppino I've ever had.....and I eat a lot of cioppino everywhere. The service was also great from both the hostess and waitress. We also had the sand dab which was cooked perfectly but I would not recommend ordering it with the cioppino since it is a mild tasting fish and gets overpowered by the heavy hitting cioppino.
CIOPPINO = EVERYTHING!!!!****totally enough for 2 for $42 which is reasonable for how great it taste and the amount of seafood you get! not stingy AT ALL, me likey.came here for lunch on a monday and we were seated right away. service was nice and the food came out pretty quicklycan't wait to come back and get own so i don't have to share and try the scallops too :)
Great location and fresh oysters! We came specifically for the oysters ($1.50 during happy hour) and really enjoyed them along with fresh crusty sourdough bread! The inside is really narrow (we sat at the bar) and there are only a few outside tables. Maybe it was the time of day, but the staff was hanging out behind the bar, and it just seemed hectic and loud. But A+ on the oysters
How lucky am I to work just right around the corner from Sotto Mare!!! I've been here multiple times already and everytime, the food experience was just superb. Stopped by here yesterday for a coworker's farewell lunch and had made reservations for 20 people right at noon. After checking in with the hostess, we were immediately led to our table. Since we had such a large group, the hostess led us downstairs to a private room with our tables all set up. After sitting down and getting our waters, it took a while for our server to come back to us to get our orders. I ordered the Crab Diovolo, which was one of their specials while others got that as well, the cioppino, and other pasta dishes. Food took a while to arrive, which is understandable since we had so many people. But once our plates started flowing in, we all dug in right away. My Crab Diovolo was probably one of the best pasta dishes I have ever had!! It was spicy and so flavorful! Even though it was a workout deshelling the crab, it was succulent and went excellent with the pasta. It was so good that I cleaned the plate. But it is also a pretty oily dish so if you don't mind that, then I highly recommend trying it. Everyone else who got that dish too gave it high marks. I also got to try the clam chowder, which was also really good!! Our server would check in on us to see if we needed anything like more water, bibs, and etc. Our bill was a lot but I think for the portions and quality of the food, it was well worth it! Mann...i am starting to salivate just thinking about the Crab Diovolo! This restaurant is definetely a place everyone needs to try, especially if you like fresh seafood! I think Im going to sucker in and get the Crab Diovolo again the next time I eat there. *Drools*
Old restaurant known for cioppino and seafood dishes. We had fetticini with bay scallops because we were in a hurry, but wished we'd had time to linger.
If you are in San Francisco and you're into Italian food, this is a place to go! The pasta are cooked perfectly....Al dente that is. Oysters are surprisingly good too. Good service and friendly staff, can't ask for more.
Cioppino. The best I've had in SF so far. It was even slightly too salty the first time but I still thought it was by far, more delicious than anything else I've had. Good service. Always a crowd but I've never waited a long time for a table. Will continue my search for the very, very best.
Cioppino for the win! Fit for two, the big, mixed, piping hot, seafood bowl, was hearty and served as a comfort meal to a seafood lover's palate! If you are starving, their Seafood Risotto looked creamy-licious and undoubtedly worthy to order up! Get some raw oysters and oyster shooters as starters. The iced oysters, teases the palate while you await for their marvelous Cioppino! The hostess was very accommodating for 2 people with no reservations and going in during peak hours because she was initially going to seat us outside, where there was a crowd waiting to be seated, but we wanted to dine warmly inside - away from the people and bystanders. We were seated perfectly at the bar and in front of the kitchen stove area - so we can see the chefs cooking up the scrumptious meals. I loved the setting.The waitress looked a bit stressed. I don't blame her because she was the only waitress for this hole-in-the wall place. Suggestion - hire another helper. Unless, the reason why they didn't have another server was because the narrow space can only afford to fit one person or two people walking at one time while holding dishes with them. Then, that is understandable.Besides that, dine here with a small group of 2-4 people. You can rest assured that you'll have a good kick over seafood fulfillment with their Raw Oysters, Seafood Risotto and their infamous Cioppino!
Sotto Mare is the king!! Can't find anything I don't love about this place.The Food:Started with the raw oysters. Not much you can say; they were pretty darn tasty. Hard to believe I was scared to try oysters just an year ago. Now I can eat plate after plate of their oysters. For my entree, I ordered the Grilled Rex Sole despite not knowing anything about what a Rex Sole is. I'm very picky about how fish should be cooked, so I tend to not get fish at restaurants. However, given the prestige of this restaurant, I decided to try their fish. Their Rex Sole is GOOD. Served whole, the meat was flaky, soft, fishy, and just delicious. If only I could have one more piece of fish. Just one more! Sigh. I also tried the Risotto with Seafood as well as their Cioppino. The Risotto had so much flavor and the texture of the rice was perfect. The Cioppino was equally as delicious as the broth had the perfect consistency and the seafood cooked brilliantly. No spoon, just give me the ladle!The Environment:Now, the food is just plain delicious. However, what will make Sotto Mare forever memorable to me is their environment. I was lucky to be sitting in the back of the restaurant in perfect view of their chefs working at the stoves. I honestly spent half of my dining experience mouth gaping wide open watching them cook and plate. There was so much energy, enthusiasm, and precision in everything they do. Despite the dishes being highly complicated, these chefs have perfection stored in muscle memory. Please, someone get me a chair and popcorn; this is a show worth watching!
My favorite Cioppino place in SF, heck ever!Food is always solid here, but get ready to wait! No reservations, small establishment + tons of hungry foodies (and yes, tourists).What I've had:* cioppino* risotto w/seafood* linguine w/seafood* cracked crab* east coast oysters on the half shelleverything is fresh and scrumptious!!Things to know:* parking sucks (use public transportation, go uber!)* main plate portions are huge* place is small and cramped (leave your big purses at home ladies)* casual env* alcohol selection isn't huge, but reasonably priced* eat and get out, others are on waiting!* staff is always friendly and pleasant (unless you loiter after your meal)Happy eating!
Since it was cool outside, all seating was indoors. Essentially a long bar set up with small tables to one side. Most seemed to sit side by side. This place has a 'fine food diner' elegance (it's a stretch, but pretty much sums it up.)I started with an East Coast Oyster Shooter. Nice, but I've had better (see my review of Tokkuri-Teii in Hawaii). The waitress steered me away from the Linguine with Seafood and towards the Wild Prawn and Scallop Saut Combo. Great advice! Nice big pieces of fresh fish in a chopped garlic rich sauce.A glass a Sauvignon Blanc with the meal. Basic but did the trick. I'll be back next year.
The oysters and cioppino were both top notch. The oysters were fresh of course, and the west coast price of $1.50 each is reasonable considering the quality. The base of the cioppino was full of flavor, and although I had never had cioppino with pasta before the Italian take on one of my favorite dishes was well received. With the right company, I'm sure all lovers of seafood would enjoy an evening at Sotto Mare sharing a cioppino. My girlfriend and I sat at the bar which was a good opportunity to see many of the delicious meals that were also being served. Everything that came out of the kitchen looked great. I would like to come back for lunch for the clam chowder and halibut, which like everything looked very fresh. This is definitely a restaurant that could make the trip out to North Beach worth it
Had dinner there the other night. The wait was worth it. The food was excellent and the service was superb. The ambiance was great, too. Their seafood was some of the best I've had.
New owner (family member) same delicious food, same great staff.They do know to cook fish right! I broke down and had branzino (Italian seabass), tonight. The lemon butter caper sauce was a good choice for it. My other half had the usual, sand dabs. Another wonderful meal at Sotto Mare. By the way, the staff still loves working there. I had to ask!
Amazing Italian seafood!! Fresh, perfect and so delicious . Staff was polite, warm, knowledgable and provided great service. We had reservations and got in right on time. We were a party of 6 and everything that was ordered was absolutely delicious. Definitely will be back and highly recommend it for anyone visiting San Francisco!
Fantastic service, fantastic food. The seafood linguini is easily the best seafood pasta we have ever had, and the cippini is absolutely addictive.
Went on a couples trip to SF and this was the first place we ate at for dinner. My girlfriend had already been to Sotto Mare before and spoke highly of the place (she tells everyone who's traveling to SF to eat at Sotto Mare).Service:We were there on a Thursday night (before Valentine's Day) and the place was busy. Luckily we made reservations (a month ahead of time). We arrived promptly at our scheduled reservation and they were still setting everything up. They comped us a free glass of wine which I thought was appropriate for our waiting experience. They seated us within 10mins of arrival. The waitress was good and got all of our orders right. Food:The CIOPPINO. It is THE. BEST. This is by far the best seafood I've ever had. The mixture of the crab legs, mussels, shrimp, scallops, callimari, tomato broth, noodles, was PERFECT. We ordered two bowls and finished both.Overall, this is the type of place you tell your friends about. When I'm in SF again, I'll definitely be going back.
People with allergies beware! We asked our server if the cioppino had any gluten in it, as my girlfriend is very allergic to gluten. We enjoyed our meal and she woke up in the middle of the night with severe stomach pain, which lasted through the next day. She called the restaurant the next day and the manager informed her that they do use flour as a thickener. They didn't even offer a refund. It is hard to recommend a place where the servers don't even know what is in their most popular dish. I wish I had known this when I left my tip.
Quote of the day: "They don't count them, they just fill up the damn pan" our waitress replied when I asked about the portion size. I think I love this place and we haven't even gotten our food yet. Got sat at the bar, which is very interesting. We get to see the whole kitchen and all that's going on. Like a live action Hell's Kitchen. With less foul language. Told the waitress about my shrimp allergy and she assured me "No one's died on my watch yet!" It might be the Peroni talking but I think I'm in love.
Not to sound like a Cioppino snob, but it is my favorite dish... so I've traveled far and wide for it. The Cioppino here is not bad. But not "The Best Damn Cioppino!" I have ever had. Not by a long shot. The constancy is good, the saltiness varies (been here twice). It is not a consistent blend. However, that is not the reason I took down 1 star. I believe they are missing fish and herbal blends that really bring out the seafood. I don't think the stew is fish based, and missing fish fillets completely in the dish itself. On top of that, the herbs are also missing. That is their downfall in my books. The price is fair, considering the location. The freshness is decent. The crowd is pretty rough during dining hours. The establishment is not exactly accommodating. I would not wait over 30 minutes for the food. I would move on.Having said that, this is probably one of the better Cioppinos in SF. But if you want to experience really good Cioppino. You may want to consider driving a bit down south to Moss Landing.The clam chowder is just ok. Nothing to write home about.The only reason they didn't get a 3 star from me is due to its location. Compared the other restaurants around that area. This is one of the better ones in terms of price and quality of food.
So after watching Andrew Zimmern's "Delicious Destination" about San Francisco, we had to try this place. The sauted scallops for $21 was fairly priced and quite tasty. The clam chowder was average. Exactly something you would get from a Denny or that type of place so I was disappointed. The seafood Cioppino that this place was famous for was no big deal. Unless you have extra money in your pocket to burn and you wanted the experience of trying a place that was featured on a tv show, this place is not for you. Average -- very average.
This place has the feel of an authentic Italian seafood restaurant. The smell of garlic is amazing as you walk in. I've had the steamers which Come in an amazing garlic broth. The oysters in season are always so fresh and delicious. The fish servings are pretty small, but always done well and not over cooked. It's a great no frills seafood restaurant with a lively Italian vibe.
My husband and I came at 830 on Saturday thinking that a late night dinner would be best. Upon arrival we were told that for a table of 2, the restaurant was no longer taking requests. Ridiculous, seeing how the restaurant only takes reservations for tables of 4 or more. Sorry we don't have 2 kids to make up a table of 4. Just 2 adults to buy a bottle of wine and food. Having worked in restaurants for many years, if you close at a certain time, you accommodate guests until that time. It is absurd to turn away paying guests, and be greedy to only take reservations for tables of 4. There is a line out the door, but with that attitude, I hope people see the greed and ridiculousness and stay away, especially those on an anniversary or date night. I doubt the food is THAT good!
Small, funky, comfy Italian seafood joint in North Beach. I followed other Yelp-ers to this little restaurant because of two words: heavenly cioppino. The cioppino did not disappoint, exactly? But one warning: amidst the prawns, dangerously jagged crab claws, and kalamari, it was stuffed with penne. Since cioppino is more tomato-based to begin with, the effect is just shy of -- "hey, it's a tureen of penne with tomato sauce, and we threw in our extra broken fish pieces."I say it's just shy of, because it's still delicious. But I wasn't expecting pasta -- so now you will be.The other mild surprise: the house salad features iceberg lettuce and tomatoes, with a house dressing of tartar sauce and ketchup, aka Thousand Island dressing. Now, I grew up on some variation of that salad (which dates me -- I am pre-Romaine!). But the mildly weird thing? The iceberg was shredded -- like, paper-shredder shredded, so in a way it would have been almost easier to eat with a spoon. I'm cool with kitsch, but that was just awkward.Otherwise, it's just fresh seafood, simply and well prepared. A simple but well-chosen wine list. Casual, fun, not too expensive. There are rolls of paper towels on the tables, but they feel practical instead of cartoony. Go for a great meal -- and if it's crowded, get a seat at the counter!
Who doesn't like to be served food from a grumpy, sharp-witted man? I could go either way, depending on how many glasses of wine I've had. On this occasion, I was in high spirits, meeting up with some old college lady friends for a nice dinner before making our way to Columbus Caf for some extra lubrication. We shared the Best Damn Crab Cioppino which was very good, lots and lots of seafood, more than enough for four people. The broth was flavorful and rich, not as good as my mom's but when push comes to shove and you need some cioppino in your body, Sotto Mare will do the trick, especially if your mom and her cooking skills are not readily available. Lots of extra bread for dipping into the steaming stew. I also ordered a Clam Chowder to share with my friend, and we had two bottles of red wine. A very nice time overall, hope to be back soon.
The best Ciopinno I've ever had! Amazing food, lots of character in this restaurant and it's location is what I picture for an old SF institution. Staff is no nonsense, courteous and they leave you to it once your food is delivered.
Ive been here several times and love the place. Service = very good! food = very good. The atmosphere is casual and friendly, and the waits can be Long. Party of 4 on a Thursday night led to an hour wait ( they don't take reservations), but we were seated in 45 mins. We had 1. Sand dabs, 2. Day boat scallops, and Cioppino for 2, and we all shared entrees. Calamari and chowder for appetizers, and a bottle of Chardonnay ( mine)! All the food was VERY GOOD, THE ONLY CRITIQUE, being that the Cioppino was a little lacking in shellfish - would have liked more Dungeness crab, but some was there, and portion was satisfactory, so this is a minor critique. Note: sand dabs are a very tasty and plentiful portion here, and a great value! Scallops plentiful and NOT over cooked! Yum!Only drawback is their wine list. It sucks! Bring your own and eat the corkage. Note: I'm a VERY CRITICAL reviewer, so 5 stars = perfection. This rates 4.5.
Expect to wait 20-45 minutes to be seated in the evening - but it's well worth the wait.Service and food are prompt; quality of food is superb.We ordered the "Best Damn Crab Cioppino", together with 2 glasses of wine. The portion is very generous, and definitely enough for party of 2.We came in with high expectation. And we were not disappointed.A must for SF visitor.
What happened to this place? The fish was not as good as usual and I guess the fun little lady Louise doesn't work there anymore? I am so dissapointed :(. Guess I won't be telling any out of towners to visit this place anymore.
Came here for lunch with my parents and were seated quickly. I love how everything is made super quick, hot and FRESH. Clam chowder was delicious as well as their linguine with seafood. CIOPPINO is a must!! Amazing service as I expected. Definitely would come back again and again and again.
Came with a friend on a Tuesday night with no reservations around 6:15. We didn't have to wait and were seated right away.Maybe we got the wrong dishes because I was expecting deliciousness in our bellies but came away thinking it was pretty average.We both got a cup of the clam chowder but agreed that it tasted more like potato leek soup or cream of potato than clam chowder.We shared the risotto and the scallops and prawns. The risotto was a little dense and bland. The scallops and the prawns, however, were yummy! I wish we had eaten more of this and less of the other things but the portion of the scallops and prawns was pretty small! 4 scallops and 4 prawns. Hmmm, maybe it's just me?Anyway--the service was okay but for that kind of service, I would have expected amazing food. Perhaps it's because we didn't get the Cioppino which is what they're known for. Maybe next time... But with all the options in this city, who knows if I'll be coming back. Sad; I wanted to love this place!
Delish...best pasta and seafood around.
Generally speaking the food is good and the portions are healthy. The specifics I'm about to share are purely personal. I don't feel the experience was worth a 10 minute wait to get on the waiting list and more than an hour to be seated. I only did it for my wife's love of Cioppino. That being said, she liked the dish but she too did not feel it was worth the wait. Also this was the first time she ever had any with a portion of pasta noodles in the bottom. I had Fettuccine Alfredo with the Salmon. Considering the salmon was overcooked and the chef seemingly dropped the saltshaker on it, I realize it was a potentially excellent dish. The atmosphere was loud and cramped. I characterize it as lively, fun and everyone was apparently enjoying themselves. The wait staff didn't seem to have a moment of rest but somehow managed to be attentive and friendly. I would definitely eat here again, but will have a backup plan if the wait is that long. They have a group area downstairs that I did not see and you can make reservations for that area.
Came here for my grad dinner and made a reservation so we were seated in the better room with the warm ambiance and better spacing. The first room is crowded so if you want more privacy or an intimate setting I'd suggest making a reservation like I did! Seriously the best cioppino. Great wine and the pricing is fair for what you get. We had great service and the back room we were in had a warm ambiance with all the fun and interesting decor on the walls. It is like a little escape from the city. I never thought I would ever be able to say that one restaurant is hands down the best in SF for me, but Sotto Mare stole my heart. Best restaurant in San Francisco.
I had to have Cioppino while in San Francisco so I searched long and hard on the Internet for the best. My searches kept returning Sotto Mare, and partly because they craftily named theirs "The Best Damn Crab Cioppino." But I am very pleased to report that the cioppino lived up to the hype, but more on that in a moment.First, I loved the atmoshere. The modest restaurant is located on Green Street near Jasper in the heart of Little Italy. A narrow store front with only a couple of tables outside. Once inside, you recognized this family run gem is all about the food. The kitchen runs the length of the left side of the restaurant. A diner style bar separates the kitchen area and it is filled with customers enjoying their meals. A single row of four-top tables line the right side and all tables are occupied. It's loud, it's crowded, and the aroma of the cooking is fabulous.I had called ahead and learned that you can make reservations for parties of 3 or more. Our dinner was scheduled for a Monday at 7:30. We arrived a few minutes early and were promptly seated in the basement dining area. I loved walking through the restaurant and seeing the wonderful dishes that others customers were enjoying.So back to the Cioppino. My wife and I shared one and it was plenty for us. Fresh crab, shrimp, clams, mussels, and squid in the wonderful tomato-based broth. The broth was just right, fresh and flavorful. The Cioppino contained some ziti pasta, but not enough to take any space away from the seafood and broth. One observation that was a little odd was there were some nice sized shrimp and then there were some miniature ones. I mean really small, like millimeters (shrimpy shrimp). Also, by the time we finished, the broth was no longer steaming hot. We might eat too slow, but the aluminum bowl didn't help maintain the temperture. My tip is to eat and don't spend time talking and taking pictures.Daughter #1, Kristine, ordered the Fettuccine with Bay Scallops. She liked it but wasn't "wowed." Daughter #2, Jenny, had the Linguini with Seafood, and she thought it was very good. The seafood included clams, mussels, shrimp, and squid. Jenny tried the squid tentacles and decided she did not care for these. Both of these dishes were huge, and we were able to bring home their leftovers. In hindsight, if they could have agreed on a dish, they could have easily spit an entree and had plenty.This was an excellent experience. I had very high expectations and was looking forward to this early in the planning stages of our trip to San Francisco. Sotto Mare and "The Best Damn Crab Ciopinno" did not disappoint.
Food is definitely 3 stars. The portions are big, but nothing is really seasoned well or cooked perfectly. The cioppino is fine, but again, the flavors are not there.The service was great though. We had the sweetest waitress and she deserves 5 stars for sure. She was patient and completely helpful and just plain nice. Loved her!
The best damn cioppino. Wow. Wowowowow.My boyfriend and I ordered one best damn cioppino to share. We sat at the bar, which we loved because we got to stare at the food being cooked lol. The chefs were cooking up sanddabs, scallops, salmon... all these seafood dishes that had our mouth water. Then we saw our cioppino being cooked and we were getting so excited. Then we saw the bowl come to us. OMG!So much seafood... fish, shrimp, scallops, clams, mussels, crab. This was our first cioppino, but I'm pretty sure there is no other than can beat this. All the seafood was delicious. The tomato based sauce was light and complimented the seafood very well... also very good with the pasta the complimentary bread. My boyfriend and I were in total silence while eating this food. We did not speak a damn word to each other until we finished every damn bit of this best damn cioppino. The first word out of my boyfriend's mouth after finishing the dish? "Damn!!!!"For $40, this was a great deal considering the amount of food and the amount of deliciousness in this meal. We really were thinking about going there in the next night to try the scallops and the sanddabs (which we really should have done!!!) but there's always next time, right? We are already looking forward to it. Sotto Mare was one of few favorite spots we visited here in SF. It's definitely our first stop when we come back. Thanks!
After walking to coit tower from union square, we ended up here. 2nd time at sotto mare and it does not disappoint. Seafood linguini was flavorful, steamed clam and mussels were good, but the broth was excellent. The risotto was good as well, but for my tastes i needed more flavor in the rice. The steamed clam/mussel broth fixed that! Excellent food. Only gripe is there can be long lines, and there is no refills on the soft drinks or tea. Recommended.
I hate to give only three stars to this lovely restaurant in North Beach, but the chioppino that they are famous for was seriously underwhelming. I must say I love chioppino and have ordered it all over the country and the Sotto Mare chioppino is more like pasta sauce served over penne pasta with some seafood. There was plenty of crab in the pot, but it tasted over cooked and a bit fishy....the clams were empty shells and the calamari chewy. The positives here are the wait staff which was great and so charming and attentive. Others at our table enjoyed their pasta dishes and the fresh sole. This is a lively restaurant with a fun family vibe
Great dinner. I had the sole that was in the special menu. The wait staff was friendly, warm and real.
I love the food here. This is the only restaurant that I have rated at 5 stars. It is my go to place when I have friends visiting from out of town and want to try 'local food'. The Cioppino is out of the world! it comes in a huge pot, good for 2-3. The dish consist of a huge variety of seafood cooked in a delicious mild tomato based sauce. The seafood is very very fresh, including the crab legs. I highlighted the crab legs because most places that serve Cioppinos often use sub-par crab legs to cut cost.The Sea Scallop Saute dish is extremely delicious too. The scallops are drizzled with a savory buttery sauce which is addictive! If I am not in a restaurant, I would probably lick the plate clean.I have also tried the Grilled Sand Dabs and Clam Steamers in broth. Delicious too.For first timers, I would recommend the Cioppino and the Sea Scallop Saute dish.Party of 2 or more are seated on a first come first serve basis. Come before 6pm! If not the wait will be more than an hour. Parking around this area is horrendous too so do bake that into your plan.Reservations are taken for parties of 3 or more. There is actually a bigger seating area underground that are used to seat larger parties.
Service and food were good, but the restaurant was uncomfortably hot. I might go back in the winter, but would stay away if the outside temperature is above 70F.
Went here the other night for dinner, and was so pleased. The food was all fantastic. We had the mussels/clams to start, which were delicious and in such a great broth. All of our dinners were great as well (pasta with scallops, risotto, and scallops). But the *best* part of the night was our hilarious server, Shelley. Good service is always the most important part of a good night, and she was definitely the best part of our evening. So glad we decided to stop in, it's definitely a night that will remain a great memory!!!
Calamari was alright. But everything else was delicious. Got gorgonzola gnocchi, cheesy garlic bread. Friends got ravioli, pesto gnochi, and chicken parmigiana. No complaints. Good wine. And the wait staff was very accommodating when we added two people mid-dinner.
Customer service is par excellence at this Yelp hot spot. From the moment I walked in I was greeted, welcomed and made quite comfortable. Guests waiting for tables were offered a glass of house wine, a nice touch. My server was upbeat and tentative without being suffocating. Atmosphere is great and lively. A very small eatery, it's packed to the gills with customers and kitsch. Definitely the busiest spot on the street with a line out the door. No doubt a function of the very high Yelp reviews! Why not five stars? While I had a great experience, especially dining alone, I think it's the customer service that succeeds here. The food is good, but if I return it would he for the experience. The house salad was simply shredded lettuce, tomato wedges and Russian dressing. The seafood risotto was tasty and had plenty of seafood but the dish was clearly rushed as it did not have the creamy texture expected but rather a rice in broth texture. All in all I would recommend this place for atmosphere and "local joint" feel and of course customer service. Seeking strong culinary experience? You might keep searching.
Ciopinno is excellent and enough food for 3 people.
One of my favorite restaurants to go to when I'm in town! Amazing food! I've had everything from the pastas to the risotto, absolutely everything is delicious!!!!! My friends and I always have left overs - so it might be a good idea to share, but we've never learned or remember to do that. The staff is super friendly. I travel to SF for work, so sometimes I'm getting dinner alone at the restaurant. Never have felt lonely there. The chefs are talkative when you sit at the bar, and the waitresses are fun and always make sure I'm doing good. If you have a party of 3 or more, I highly suggest making a reservation. They won't seat you until your whole party is there, so make sure everyone gets there roughly around the same time. If not, at least you can enjoy some complimentary house wine while you wait. :)
This place is a must visit. It is the freshest Italian seafood you can grab in the city. The recipes and ingredients are extraordinarily authentic and homemade and the prices are affordable by anyone's standards. As a local we come here as much as possible, its Richards restarunt, you'll without a doubt meet him if you come here to eat. He's great and you'll wish he could join for the meal. You'll feel welcome and like you're at his house with 50 other guests. Couldn't recommend enough. Only suggestion is you may want to bring your own wine and take them up on the fair corkage fee.
Love this place. Food was great the atmosphere very old school. Place was very friendly service was great. I had the sand dabs my wife had the scallops they were excellent. We sat at the bar just a cool place to have a meal everything about this place was right.
Such a long wait!!!!Don't go there if you're hungry, that's my advice.We have waited for half an hour for a table, than about an hour for the food itself.
I cam here recently with two of my other old close high school friends looking for a fun and casual place to enjoy good food and catch up. My friend from SoCal wanted to try something "San Franciscan" and luckily E suggested Sotto Mare. I had definitely heard of the place many times before, but this was my first time actually going there.For a group of three, do what we did, and you will be left satisfied and happy! We ordered the Cioppino and the Smoked Salmon Fettucine with half red/half white sauce. Both dishes were superb and the perfect balance of fresh soup and hearty pasta. The complimentary bread that night was also Dutch Crunch! I rarely see that at restaurants. Yum.The restaurant is definitely crowded and service can be hectic, but as long as you don't go in with high expectations you shouldn't be too disappointed!
In SF this evening to see Cirque du Soleil with my son and his fiance. We were not sure where we wanted to eat but knew we wanted seafood. We found this place on yelp and tried to make reservations. No such luck but decided to walk in and we got seated within minutes. We felt so lucky because the place was packed. I ordered the seafood risotto and my son and his girlfriend ordered the crab cioppino. Both were amazing. Definitely coming back and recommend this place. Service was great also.
Growing up with homecooked Chinese Steamed Fish, I'm not easily impressed with seafood served in restaurants. But Sotto Mare thoroughly impressed my family and me so much that we went back several times. There were many highlights, but here are the ESPN Foodcenter's Top 3At NUMBER THREE, The Wait Device:Without a reservation, the wait at Sotto could take very long. But to cheer you up, they give you this wait device in the shape of a Lobster. It's so cool.At NUMBER TWO, The Seafood Risotto:I usually don't like my seafood drowned in sauce/cream because I think that overwhelms the seafood taste. But their Risotto packs that seafood taste right in the sauce, so you get the creaminess and the taste at the same time. Score!At NUMBER THREE, Sitting Upstairs:Getting seats with Sotto is tough, but you score big time if you get to sit upstairs. Midway through our meal upstairs, when my hands were occupied with a crab leg and a beer, the restaurant started jamming to oldies. They played that '...bye, bye, Miss American Pie...' song and many of the servers and customers started singing along. It was nice and loud and everyone had their grin on. The scene was kinda like 99bottles during a bus ride, but with good food and pretty lights. It was an amazing experience, especially for my Dad cause oldie music really takes him back.Great place to go for all occasions. Get oyster shooters to toast a new promotion or get cioppino if you wanna get your hands dirty for a birthday. Just remember to make reservations!
I have a running theory on places like this - pretty simple, have created a near mythological experience that gets propagated out and lures in a largely unsuspecting crowd who, for the life of me I don't get, turns back around and continues to propagate the myth...the myth of a 4.5 star experience.Came here after super long workout today and were actually trying to get back into Tony's Pizza but had a hour plus wait (at 3pm) - and Tony's IS WORTH IT - but we needed something to curb our appetites - walked around and our first three stops were closed, so settled here - big disappointment!!First off, waitress was very curt and, at first, borderline rude - she got better throughout in her defense, and we were "hangry", so will cut her slack. Place is small to begin with and they crowd them in - had only three things, but so mediocre that hard to imagine coming back. 1) Stale bread - this is just a simple thing to do, just pop that bread in a warming oven and serve (see Chapeau for how to do this) - so many restaurants fail at what can be the easiest way to win over your dinners - and this bread wasn't just bad, it was cold and stale!!!2) Oysters - hard to mess up and these were pretty good actually - freshly ground horseradish was very good.3) Clam chowder - meh at best - about right creamy consistency but lacked any flavor much less clammy taste.Understand that they "serve best Cioppino in the Bay" and did see some large bowls containing said "best" - can't really see returning to try though...very underwhelmed.As I started, too many restaurants that earn a "reputation" get lazy and convert to turn and burn service - this falls into that sad catagory - only upside is that it keeps a number of people away from really great places like Tony's just down the street!! :-)
They have sold the restaurant to the new owners and it seems to be a different taste in food now. It used to be Awesome, but now seems like they use cheaper ingredients. I have stopped going there because of the quality of food has went down.
WOW. I cannot say enough good things about Sotto Mare. Its authenticity, warm service, and wonderfully sourced seafood brings me back to times when I was traveling (or eating) my way around the Italian Coast...My boyfriend and I started off with massive West Coast oysters. I forgot where these were from, but they were HUGE. Normally, I prefer smaller and juicier oysters, but these were fresh and a great way to open up our appetites.For our entree, we had the cioppino to share, and it was exactly like it was on the menu--the best damn crab cioppino! It came out piping hot, aromatic, and it was stuffed with all the best seafood goodies: squid, whole crab legs, mussels, clams, shrimp, and scallops. I've never had such a flavorful or loaded cioppino. They even had pasta mixed in, which I loved, as it really picked up the flavor of the stew and was a nice carb addition. Extremely filling for two people, and if you haven't hit your limit yet, just dip some of the bread in the amazing stew to soak up every last bit without having to lick your plate clean. It's a less embarrassing way to get your fill ;)Service is really nice and gives you that family-run, homey feeling. They don't hover over you, but are prompt with requests and getting what you want out to you. Will definitely be back; next time, I want to try one of their pastas or the risotto (if I can tear myself away from that AMAZING cioppino!)
Cioppino! Love the counter seats watching orders being flung through a zip line to the kitchen. Cioppino was $41 for 2 ppl. A big pot of tomato stewed with crab legs, mussels, clams, small scallops, shrimp, and octopus. Seafood tasted fresh and sweet. Service was meh. We only came for cioppino and if we are around the area, maybe we will stop by again. Otherwise, it was a good one time experience.
This seems to be a local favourite, and the restaurant has been here a while. We entertained some friends from the east coast here, for reasons unknown to me (since someone else made the booking), as I think Italian food is wayyyy better on the other coast.However, cioppino is through and through a San Franciscan invention, so that is also what I ended up ordering. We also got some linguine to share. The cioppino came in nice rustic containers, and the portion was good for two people, if you also order a side or an appetizer. While the seafood was decent, I found the broth a bit under-spiced, and it wasn't even close to being the best cioppino I have had in the city. With the number of people in line here, and the overly touristy and crowded atmosphere, I find it hard to believe that so many people swear on the food here. Maybe, just maybe, I have different expectations since I've had Italian food in other parts of the world.
Definitely a nice little hidden gem in the area. Found some parking about 2 blocks from the restaurant - that was most likely luck in San Francisco.For a first time, first restaurant experience in San Francisco, was very happy. Our party ordered a mountain of food, and ended up spending only about $40 a head.And the Cioppino was amazing.Like Ahnold would say, "I'll be back."
Really hidden and quiet place with great seafood. Their clam chowder was really good and their muscles were even better. Perfect place for a quick lunch and they have outside seating which was nice. The staff was friendly and the food came out quick.
5 stars across the board. We sat at the counter and feasted on the mussels and clam combo and then the awesome Cioppino. We couldn't eat it all so we shared with people on our left and right. Excellent service, lovely people.
Excellent food, fresh oysters, can't go wrong except for showing up late and waiting for a table, but still totally worth it.
The only reason I'm giving this place 4 stars instead of f 5, is service. Service was nonexistent although we were the only table in the entire restaurant. That being said, food was outstanding and it really made up for it. We had the crab cocktail and the portion was a bit in to the small side but the Dungeness crab was so incredibly fresh and delicious. The cioppino was spectacular; hands down the best I ever had. Portion was so generous, the broth was to die for and the seafood so fresh and yummy we just couldn't get enough. I will definitely give it another try to see if service is better
Excellent service and food. My finance ordered a steak but received Lamb and it was so good she didn't even notice it was Lamb. Highly recommend.
My yelp friend begged me to go here after attending the Fog City event. Honestly I was full and didn't really expect to eat much of anything else that night. I suppose we were already in the city and this place seemed to have so many damn good reviews for having the best seafood cioppino in the city. Stumbled around for a bit after finding parking nearby then decided to see how long the wait was. The lady seemed to be a bit overwhelmed at the hostess podium.... which is why I didn't really want to eat there. Initially I didn't want to really wait that long for a table but ended up taking a seat at the bar next door while waiting since we couldn't come up with another place to eat at. Watched the giants game and had a beer while waiting for our buzzer to go off. Got seated in this tiny two table off in the thin isle in the middle section of the restaurant. Tons of travelers passing through and more and more people seemed to want to eat here as the night went on. Our table seemed tiny for two people and once the massive seafood came even smaller. I still don't understand how we both ate so much that night. After having plenty of small bites at the yelp event; this was just overkill. We both regretted it after we were done eating. Sickness and and an ill feeling overcame both of us on the way back. Honestly the food was decent, we just stuffed ourselves. When I say decent I mean just OK. Although I do believe the seafood to be overly salty. Not even sure if they add additional salt to the dish but it was too much I think. I'm not really big on seafood and don't like places like boiling crab... but its just something you have to try once. They need something else in it to balance the saltiness. Not just the bread on the side LOL. Anyhow it is not a 5 star place for me. If we didn't eat anything beforehand then this meal would have been THAT much better. I'll give them 3.5 stars for the food. I'm going to round down the review to 3 stars though. I really believe there are better tapas or small dish places in the city that are more fun to eat at... not to sure if they are around this area though. Luckily I felt fine the next day. It was proof that too much good food and alcohol is a bad thing!
I had great meal here! The cioppino was to die for! And it was a great serving for two. We even had enough to take the rest home! The crab salad was delicious as well with REAL crab! And also had a mimosa which hit the spot! If you are ever near north beach and want sea food this is the place to go! There is a bit of a wait bc it's a very small place but it's worth the wait and thank you to the staff who all were warm welcoming and friendly !
Don't let the 3 stars make you think that this is a bad restaurant. Food = 5 but service = 2Food: very tasty- started with the clam chowder: really good but wasn't as great as some of the reviews hyped it up to be. can't beat clam chowder from boston. - cioppino: TASTE was really good. if you like seafood, definitely get this. However, the only thing is that it's so expensive- risotto: very tasty. highly recommend- sand dabs: i did not even know such a fish existed, but delicious! love the way it was prepared and seasoned. Service: wow... i don't mind waiting for a long time if it's expected, but these people told us that we had a 25 minute wait, but then said 15 to 20 minutes more about 2 or 3 more times. we ended up sitting over an hour later. and that's just sitting the service was then pretty darn slow too. Our server was friendly, but very slow. Price: too expensive. While the food was really amazing, i don't think it was worth the amount we ended up paying. Overall, if you want some good italian seafood and don't mind long waits and expensive bills, try this place!
Solid four and a half star place for its level. We came here for steamed clams and clam chowder and we were not let down!! The clam chowder delivered. And the baby steamers were really good. Can't give it five stars cause the bread wasn't sour dough, the steamers were baby not full size, and the chowder can't come in a bread bowl. But the service was really good, the place has tons of personality, most of all both items were fresh and full of flavor!
This place is great! The food - I had The Best Damn Cioppino Ever - is excellent, and I dig the setting. That cioppino, while really big enough for two, made me consider wrapping my arm around the bowl and taking it all for myself. Really well done. We sat at the bar, and we got to see the coming right in front of us. Friendly, casual service. Good stuff.
Definitely a popular spot, but even with long waits, you can enjoy yourself by either having a few glasses of wine with the owner at the front of the restaurant or you can walk around North Beach and they'll call you back when it's time to eat.The place has a great atmosphere. It's family run, friendly service, lots of chatter around you, clean place settings, etc. Food seemed fresh. I had the risotto, which was tastey but if I were to go again, I'd probably go for a dish that was all seafood or share a dish that had any pasta/rice in it. Pretty big serving and it's filling.
I was expecting a long wait for dinner on a Friday night with my bf, but it wasn't too bad! We only waited about 15-20 mins, and they offered us free wine while waiting. (All restaurants should catch on to this). It started getting a more crowded after we came in though, and the first part of the restaurant is a little narrow, so it was a bit annoying to wait inside, but it was really cold outside, as usual. Anyway, we were seated downstairs, which I didn't even know existed. It's a lot quieter down there and I felt like I was missing out on all the action from upstairs, but it was ok; we came to eat! So my bf and I ordered the clam chowder with bacon. It was more on the soupy than creamy side, but was still so good! We also ordered the seafood risotto ($19). I LOVE risotto and this one was amazing! It came with plenty of mussels, clams, and shrimp; they don't skimp you on the seafood! Last but not least, we ordered the cioppino. It's $38, but can feed 2 and it's so worth it! SO MUCH CRAB and the sauce was delicious. There's also mussels, clams, shrimp and scallops in there. I think it was the best cioppino I've ever had so far. Hungry just thinking about it. Oh one last thing: they don't serve desserts here. Instead they give you a list of places you can visit nearby, but there are plenty of places to find sweets around North Beach!
Wonderful Italian place known for the seafood & pastas in North Beach area. My friend and I came on a Friday night, so it was pretty busy! The wait would be about an hour, so we put our name down and decided to explore around the area. The mom/pop restaurant is rather small and confining, but we didn't mind since it was just the two of us any way. We were seated at the bar counter. Our server came over immediately to introduce the menu to us, take drink orders, and to bring us a complimentary basket of bread! She had such an exuberant personality...loved her! She recommended one of their most popular menu items: THE "BEST DAMN CRAB CIOPPINO" with seafood ($38.00), which states that it's enough for two people. My friend and I didn't hesitate to order that to share since we're both big seafood fans. I also ordered a side of fresh seasonal vegetables to get our fill of greens for the night.Wowwww, the Cioppino was beyond impressive. Huge bowl of a rich variety of amazing seafood!! They certainly didn't skimp on portions! Big, breakable shelled portions of crab legs & claws, mussels, clams, shrimp, calamari, scallops, & penne pasta. Beautifully seasoned and absolutely delicious!! The two of us couldn't even finish it all!!The environment is very fast paced and the noisiness can be overstimulating, so I wouldn't recommend this place if you want to have a quiet, romantic dinner!
Was recommended here by a friend, so my cousins and I decided to come and give this place a try. The restaurant is located in Little Italy of San Francisco. It's a very small place, and get very packed. The wait was about 45 minutes around 8pm on Saturday. There was an open table outside which we took, too bad it was a bit chilly.Since it was chilly, we all decided to order clam chowder. Thank god we did! The clam chowder was amazing! It wasn't too thick, too creamy, or too salty. And it had various chunks of seafood such as scallops and salmon! We also ordered raw oysters (west coast) and baccala for appetizers. We ordered 12 raw oysters... which was a mistake... it should have been 24 as the oysters were soooo good! The baccala was also very good. It was the first time I had it, so it was interesting. For those of you who don't know what that is, it's basically dried salty fish with tomato sauce.For entrees we had the risotto, smoked salmon fettuccine, sauteed scallops and sand dabs! The risotto portion was delicious and had a very generous portion and It came with various seafood such as clams and muscles.The Fettuccine pasta was probably one of the best fettuccine I ever had. It was very filling though as it is creamy. And it might be a bit too "fishy" for some people as the smoked salmon can be very over powering. The sauteed scallops were my favorite. The sauce was delicious, too bad scallops usually come in small portions. Lastly, the sand dabs were pretty good too! I was expecting a small fish, but instead it came with 10 small pieces! Overall, the food is very good, service was great, and great atmosphere. The only downside was that we ate outdoors and they had no heaters. Other than that I will definitely be coming here again!
So happy I finally got to try this place. I have to say the seafood is phenomenal and the atmosphere is really quaint. I came here with a large party and didn't expect them to have such a large area downstairs to accommodate but was happy that we didn't have to wait too long for a table.The cioppino is bomb, it is every bit as good as the reviews say it is. Whether or not it may be worth the 45 min to 2 hour wait ... I am not sure. You should definitely try to come with a party so you can try other things. As with all classic Italian places, the dishes are large, it's not particularly expensive, and you want to try everything so you should come with others.I would say do not get the oysters, they weren't particularly fresh or good ... but aside from that everything else was deeeeelicious. Recommended!
My friends and I want to checked this place out and we called ahead of time. My friend asked if they take reservation tonight and the hostess responded, "we are fully booked tonight", then SHE HANGS UP!!! We were gonna ask if its ok to wait but nope.....*sigh* We'll try this place some other time and make sure we have a reservation... so we don't get hang up on.
So I'm really not sure what all the hubbub is about here.The clam chowder was meh - lots of clams but kind of watery.Clams on the half shell were tiny and the 1/4 cup of cocktail sauce was not nearly sufficient for 6 clamsFinally, the last time I looked a "Louis" salad was more than shredded lettuce with the seafood. Where was the tomato, egg or asparagus or any of the three??? I can say I've been but I'm certainly not rushing back.
Went there after a friend of mine recommended the Seafood Cuppino.. WOW.. it was amazing. the service was excellent and staff were very friendly and got to meet the owners (Richie and Laura) there, they were awesome and treated me like a guest at their house.I can't wait to go back again.
I would first like to thank the hostess who was able to squeeze in the 3 of us at a table for 4 on a Sat. nite 4/18 w/no reservations at around 5:45pm. We were told a reservation would arrive for same table by 7pm and in no way were we rushed in our experience.Shelley was our server and assisted my wife in her choice of smoked salmon w/risotto which my wife said was amazing. I shared the cioppino for 2 with our out-of-town guest and it was delish. The atmosphere is above average din, lots of items hanging on the wall, a long and narrow establishment makes for a cozy evening. There are a couple of tables outside, with tables and a counter inside. Wait staff friendly but always on the move as it was very busy. Reservations are recommended.
Best scallops I have EVER had. Order the sautd scallops & prawns. You won't regret it.
We made reservations and it took them awhile for them to seat our large group. Don't get scared if you see how packed it is. There's a significant amount of seating located downstairs. Although downstairs can be a bit stuffy.Food was good, portions were very large. I feel like the ciopinno can serve more than two. It has the seafood as well as some penne. We ordered a variety of pasta dishes and I thought they were all good.The service was awesome. The wait staff and host were extremely helpful, and kind. Very accommodating especially since our table was taking longer than usual (a little wine to wait with).
Went in for dinner last Friday and could not have been more disappointed. This used to be one of my favorite places, but now I think there is a new owner and, boy, is he horrible. I'm guessing it was the big, fat guy yelling at all his employees like they were useless. Restaurant was definitely understaffed; the service reflected it. The food didn't make the experience any better. I ordered the cioppino and my boyfriend ordered the risotto. I think they may have gotten the seafood from the dumpster behind another restaurant, because it tasted repulsive and looked like it had been regurgitated. If I could give this place 0 stars, I most definitely would. It's so sad that such a great location and history is now tainted by what I believe to be new ownership.
Me and the wife went around 6pm and they got inside to a seat quickly. Service was very good. We had the sole dish and scallops in linguine. Both were average but a little to light on the seasoning. Also had the west coast oysters on the half shell. Absolutely delicious. With a try but don't set expectations too high
This is one of my favorite places to eat in SF. Italian Family owned and operated. They only have seafood and no dessert. It is all good, but certain items are a must have...Clam Chowder to start, share some Sand Dabs and then go with Cioppino or Seafood Pasta for the Main Course. House wine is not bad and atmosphere is great...
Delicious! A must try if you love seafood. I am not a huge seafood lover but their flavors combines the cioppino so well. And their risotto was cooked perfectly!
Sotto Mare really lived up to the hype. The cioppino is fantastic and reasonably priced for two! Better than Lou's Village in San Jose. My family and I went here on the Wednesday before Thanksgiving and they were really busy. The wait was only 15 minutes at most but a glass of wine while waiting made it all better. We sat down stairs "Under the Sea". The food and service were a perfect combination to a San Francisco experience! My suggestion is to go, not once but twice. I can't wait for my next meal here.
The service was somehow very polite, and awful.They left us sitting in the cold outside with a 9-month pregnant woman, and forgot about us, seating other people first. The hostess was very polite, noticed her mistake, and apologized. When we were seated, they took us to a downstairs area which was completely empty. It would have been nicer if we could have at least waited out of the cold. Two people in our group wanted to start their meal with coffee. Unfortunately, the hostess told us that they don't serve any hot drinks. Serious? Yes.The food was okay when we got it. Real bummer. We had high hopes. But they were friendly and apologetic the whole way through. 2 stars.
Before I go into the spill I want to say this is hands down one of the best restaurants in San Francisco. My mom turned 50 and wanted to take her to a seafood restaurant with an excellent atmosphere and great food. Sotto Mare is that place. From the moment we walked into the door the restaurant was very supportive of my moms surprise birthday party. We had a cake delivered to the restaurant hours before arrival which they had no problem holding for us until we arrived. During the festivities the owner's husband came out and helped song happy birthday. The cioppino was out of this world and the wait staff was amazing. This restaurant should be on anyone's list looking for a great time and amazing seafood.
Best damn Cioppino in the bay area. Cioppino is worth the long wait. Very casual atmosphere but the wait will be long and miserable. Best if you find a bar near by and wait. Music is loud so sometimes it's hard to hear what the other person is saying. It's still worth the visit.
This place it exactly what you want in an Italian North Beach restaurant. Old school ambiance, great food, and reasonable prices.
We rarely eat Italian, as we both grew up with high quality Italian home cooking, but this restaurant did not disappoint. The Cioppino was fantastic and surprisingly large enough for three or four people. We will return.
I was looking for great Italian in north beach and found it! There was a bit of a wait, but it was worth it. This place is such a small joint. They have a deal worked out with local bars so I could bring in my beer from the bar down the street once our table was ready.Everything sounds delicious on the menu. I ended up ordering oysters on the half shell, cup of clam chowder, and sauted shrimp and scallops.The oysters were obviously very fresh and I enjoyed the attention to detail on the display. The clam chowder was flavorful and heavenly! The broth was tasty and light. Not like some of those heavy cream ones. Once again the seafood tastes so fresh. The sauce on the sauted shrimp and scallops was devine! I had to get an extra basket of bread to soak it all up. I couldn't dream of allowing any of the sauce to go to waste!If you have the time and money, this is the place to go for Italian!
Spent our 10th anniversary at this amazing spot :) the freshest seafood in SF combined with one of the best scampi sauce ever :) west coast oysters, west coast Dungeness crab, west coast scallops in scampi sauce and some amazing Champagne. Our waitress Sherrie was entertaining and accommodating. You can't beat the affordability for the quality. What a jewel in the heart of North Beach. Make sure you head to Carlo and Gino's while you are waiting for your table. Tell them Heidi and Michelle sent you !
My husband and I were visiting from Denver and wanting great seafood and he loves pasta. Hands down, our best meal ever! I will start off with a few things to know before you go.1. The wait times ARE insane! We waited 75 minutes from our 6:45pm arrival. We killed the time by going down the street for a slice of pizza and a drink. Just don't ruin your appetite!!!!2. Sitting in the back by the cooks is an AMAZING show! But it is very hot back there, dress appropriately and know you are going to reek of restaurant smell after your meal. You will not be able to wear that outfit again on your trip. We are talking logistics here.3. We ordered a plate of oysters(East and West), the blue cheese wedge, a cup of chowder and the seafood linguine. The oysters were okay. The wedge was excellent-crisp and fresh, garnished with delicious tomatoes. The chowder was very good. Seriously-the seafood linguine was divine! I am very happy that we ordered oysters, salad, chowder, and then shared an entree (oh and, the slice of pizza down the street). There would have been no way for us to eat another entree. We did not order the cioppini -it seemed like a lot of work to eat it and was not in the mood.What is the magic of having a 5 star night? We know that so many things go into place and I am pretty certain that it would not be as high if we returned. But for this Yelper, the restaurant stars were in alignment, we ordered the right things, the right amount and it was just a fun night!
We came here to show our Italian exchange student Little Italy and give her a chance at some Italian food. She loves seafood, so this was a great choice. There were 6 of us, so we made a reservation. So. Glad. We. Came.The Cioppino was amazing. It was full of so many fish/shellfish and so hearty and delicious. That, some bread, some wine...does life actually get better than this?
New Ownership - Overcooked Fish, Lackluster Execution, Rude ServerThis used to be one of my favorite restaurants in San Francisco. My family lives around the block, so we usually like to go to a neighborhood restaurant whenever I'm in town. We have probably been coming to Sottomare for at least five years, but we will not be eating there again. My sister and I ordered the Ciopinno. Immediately, you noticed that the new ownership made some protein changes in the dish. There were more bay shrimp than regular sized shrimp than there have been in the past. I've probably ordered this dish five or six times, and the first bite (even visually looking at it) was noticeably different. Although it used to be the best ciopinno I've ever had, I would rate the new ownership's ciopinno as a very average one. As to the other dishes, my family ordered the snapper special, the sand dabs, the scallop dish, etc. Every fish dish was hammered. Even the clam chowder was loose and bland. While I did enjoy the oysters, you really don't have to do much other than serve fresh oysters to do well there. Finally, the server was an obnoxious, loud woman. She apparently prides herself on being super direct and honest, but she is borderline flippant While I find some sarcasm to be playful, I just found the server obnoxious and offensive. I would have definitely tipped her in the 10% range for the poor service had we not had the auto-grat imposed. Anyway, my family agreed that this will be the last time we will be patronizing Sotto Mare. What a pity.
tasted really great. But I saw a roach on the bar.....I told it to one of the cook.He just killed it with tissue. Crab was not fresh. Disappointed...
We came here on a Friday for lunch and thankfully we didn't have to wait too long. The place is very small and narrow so we opted to sit at the bar. It was cool to sit at the bar because you can see the cooks cracking the crab, shucking the oysters, and cooking up a storm! Our stomach was growling as we watched. We ordered the recommended ciopinno and while we waited, we started off with the chowder. The chowder was amazing, full of flavors and delicious chunks of clams. Wish we had gotten another bowl!The cioppino was a little pricey and definitely enough to share nfor two. Try dipping your bread into the broth, yum! There was plenty of clams, mussels, shrimp, crab mixed throughout. The first half of the dish was good, but halfway through; the tomato broth becomes a bit too overwhelming, mainly because there's so much of it. There were some penne stirred into the mix which helped cut the tomato sauce a bit. Overall, the ciopinno was a good dish, but for next time, I think I want to try one of their seafood linguine dishes.
4 stars for food. 2 stars for atmosphere. Sitting in the back where all the bigger tables are is like sitting in someones kitchen while they are frying and cooking. It's so hot and smokey. Ventilation is poor and our empty water glasses were not re-filled. This place is really busy on weekend nights. Despite all that, the cioppino (for two) was really good, full of mixed seafood and crab. And the sauce was good for dipping your bread. The linguine with clams was also great choice. The sea bass special was mediocre, a bit bland and tasteless.
Went there again today. Very good Louis combo salad. This time the server was great. Folks next to me had cioppino and were ecstatic.  It gets pretty warm inside so go for an outside table.
North Beach is filled with many restaurants and bars and stumbling upon a great choice can be hard. If you are reading this review, look no further and definitely come give this place a try.Most famously known for their Cioppino, this italian seafood restaurant does justice to the dish. Cioppino originated from San Fran right in North Beach. If you want authentic, high quality, tasty, and a bite of history, cioppino is definitely a must get dish.For my visit, the upstairs dining area along with the outside seating were full. When stepping in, I was immediately greeted and told there would be a 20 minute way. However, she mentioned there is actually seating downstairs. After agreeing to get seated right away, we were led to the downstairs area which had many tables empty so I wasn't sure why we were told of a 20 minute wait. Nonetheless, we were happy to not wait.Started out with the Half Crab appetizer. I was hoping for a true half but the appetizer plate came with just the lefts and claw. No body. It tasted fresh so i had no complaintsOn to the main dish. Cioppino ($41).Crab, clam, shrimp, mussels, scallop, squid, penne pasta underneath it all. The price may seem high but you soon forget about it after seeing the metal pot with the amount of seafood in it. They really don't skimp out on any ingredient. The stew was full of flavor, fresh seafood, a ton of every seafood. DEFINITELY worth $41 price tag. Service was prompt, friendly, and very helpful. Water refilled quickly, bread basket refilled quickly, and check in-s often. A rich in history for a rich in flavor restaurant. Definitely a must check out place.GO GO GO GO GO!!!!!
After searching on Yelp for the BEST crab in Frisco, I decided to steer clear of Fisherman's Wharf and check out Sotto Mare on the outskirts of Chinatown. Got there at about 11:30am on a Tuesday afternoon, and was greeted by an older lady with an Italian accent. She was very nice, and asked me if I wanted to sit at the bar. Why not? It was just me. I had deliberated quite a while on what I wanted to try before I got there, but for sure I wanted crab. I decided on a soup n' salad combo of clam chowder and the Crab Louis. While I waited, I was given a bread basket and I sipped on a Diet Coke. The walls festooned with photos, mounted fish and ephemera will keep you interested while you wait. The waitress behind the bar poured herself a beer while 60's tunes played on the piped in music.Down at the end of the restaurant, a couple of Asian tourists were tucking into a mighty spread of pasta and seafood. I am sure they each dropped a couple hundred bucks on lunch cause they ordered multiple entrees each. The older lady was down helping one guy put on a lobster bib.A couple a few stools away was drinking white wine and sharing a fish entree that looked pretty good. I was getting hungry.The waitress stuck a ladle into a big vat of chowder and filled up a small crockery bowl with soup. She place it in on a plate and then in front of me. I noticed some of the chowder had splashed down the outside of the crockery. Ah, it is just presentation. No big deal. Besides, the 'cup' of chowder was actually a good sized bowl of chowder. Seven dollars of chowder sat in front of me.I went in for my first taste...and it was good. Rich, creamy, with plenty of clams, potatoes, onions and just the right amount of bacon. Yeah, it was good chowder. Not out-of-this-world like some people had described it, but definitely good. To be perfectly honest, I've had chowder just as good at Skipper's fast food restaurants in Seattle. Made some of my own that was just as good. Hate to be a buzz kill, but it's true.But there was still the Crab Louis to contend with, and that was the main event.For this, the waitress came around from the other side of the bar and placed it in front of me. Nice touch.The Crab Louis was a simple affair of just three ingredients: shredded lettuce, salad dressing, and crab. I don't count the lemon wedge. A traditional Crab Louis has tomato wedges and hard cooked eggs as a garnish. Here, just lettuce and crab.I ordered the dressing on the side (probably comes on the side anyway). It's a good thing, cause my feeling is that the taste of the thousand-island like Louis dressing would pretty much defeat the purpose of the crab. There was probably a scant pound of fresh, and I do mean fresh crab meat piled onto the lettuce. The crab was in large , easily recognizable pieces of succulent leg meat.Each bite of crab meat tasted as fresh as fresh could be, no fishy-ness at all. With a squeeze of lemon and some salt and pepper, it was very good cold crab. The lettuce was merely a 'crab delivery system'. A large salad with lots of fresh crab, and a bowl of good clam chowder came to $31.00. I would go back again and probably try some of the pasta or other dishes. I didn't order the fabled Cioppino because it was $41 and was made for two people. So ultimately I was glad I tried Sotto Mare and I give it 3 stars for the good but not spectacular chowder and 4 stars for the salad, which was fresh but a somewhat pedestrian take on a Crab Louis.
We'd heard this place was good and we weren't disappointed. Seafood risotto (made to order--I have a scallop allergy and it was no problem--it's made from scratch), clam chowder, petrale sole, all absolutely delicious. Probably best seafood risotto I've ever had. Sat at the bar, since the front tables were too cold every time the door opened, and it was interesting, anyway, watching them work. Smiles on everyone's faces. Only problem is that it gets a bit smoky when they close the front door, but they need to do that so that the front tables aren't freezing. Nonetheless, definitely coming back.
Came here on a Sunday at 3pm to grab lite bites while we waited for table at Tony's pizza.I'll preface this by saying service absolutely sucked. Waited 5 minutes at hostess stand while the hostess (looked like one of the owners, elder lady) took a call. Didn't look at us once or even take a quick sec to acknowledge us. When she finally got off the phone, didn't even give simple smile or hello, just had us follow her to our seats.10-15 minutes after being sat, our waitress finally comes over and with no introduction, she curtly (borderline rudely) asks "do you want something to drink?" Well, I WAS thinking of getting a glass of wine but after that lovely intro, no thank you.We ordered a dozen oysters and a bowl of clam chowder to hold us over before our REAL meal at Tony's. First off, the bread our waitress served us was completely STALE, almost rock hard.The clam chowder was bland/tasteless... Progresso almost makes a better one than the one they served up here.Oysters are pretty hard to screw up and these were decent enough. However, one oyster got so completely botched from the shucking that there were tiny shell pieces all over it that left it completely inedible.Our waitress never once came to check in on us... Not to refill waters, not to check on our food, not even to drop off our check.When we had finished our food, I got the text from Tony's that our table was ready. I darted over so we didn't lose the table while the bf stayed at Sottos to pay. I told the Tony's hostess the bf was coming right down as Sottos was just around the corner. She couldn't seat me till both of us were there (understandable). I waited TWENTY FIVE minutes for him. You know why??? Because the SOTTO waitress took FOREVER to flag down. She then took FOREVER to bring the check. She then took FOREVER to process my bfs credit card. Incredible.I've spent many years as a waitress and I know how crazy it can get when it's busy. Service suffers, I get it. But with the attitude both the hostess and our waitress displayed, it wasn't just a matter of a busy service time. They had the attitude that because of their wild popularity, they don't need to provide you with even remotely decent service. I hear the cioppino is a must try here. However, I will not be coming back to try it after the saddest customer service experience here
Very very very delicious....lots of flavor and real simple.  2nd time here and will come back again and again for cioppino! Haven't had one this good. And 2 sandabs were perfect, added them to my cioppino and bam!!
Me and my significant other order the cioppino and it was to to die for. One order easily feeds two people and its is reasonably priced. Most importantly the service was wonderful. Our server was prompt and always checked on us with a smile. Can't wait for our second visit.
Sotto Mare is the first place my husband and I think of when we 1) want to treat out-of-towners to a great SF dinner, 2) have something to celebrate. 5*+ ambiance... warm, energetic, friendly, family run5* cioppino. I've tried 4-5 cioppinos in SF, this is by far the best5* service. Feels like you're eating at your Italian aunt's homeMy tips:* Eat at the bar if you can (always)* If you have a special wine / champagne for a celebration, bring it! They'll keep it chilled while you wait and won't nickel / dime you on corkage* Notice that their west coast oysters are a bargain compared to other SF restaurants* Have fun with the staff. They love interacting and it makes the overall experience more fun. :)
Downstairs seating had a nicer atmosphere than the seating upstairs. Pasta here is not handmade. Grilled fish is ok, most of their pastas are ok and good serving sizes. Was overall good though not amazing.
This was the best restaurant I was at in a while!!! Take the cioppino, it was amazing
Yum! Ciopinno is the best! The wait is horrendous but worth it never the less. Business owners are friendly and welcoming.
'Best Damn Cioppino' lives up to its name. Huge portions and delicious beyond words.
Food is good. My guest had the scallops and shrimp sauteed in a butter sauce with vegetables. I had the linguine and seafood in a white sauce. Both were very good, the seafood fresh, and lots of seafood. The clam chowder was also good... portion size great and plenty of clams. The Bellini was great but how can you get this drink wrong. Dishes aren't "fancy", just fresh seafood sauteed perfectly.Service is outstanding and we liked the ambiance.
Not my favorite seafood joint. Clam chowder was the best part of my meal. Crab cioppino was too salty / saucy, and there was hardly any crab meat. Fettucine with bay scallops tasted pretty flavorless.Restaurant is pretty small with a very narrow aisle between the bar and tables.
Lucky to get 1 star. We booked a week in advance on a recommendation from our air bnb host. We were excited at the prospect of a good night out with good food.We arrived on time at 6pm and the place was packed. The hostess found our reservation and told us we were in for a treat as we walked past the kitchen on display and exciting atmosphere of the room. She proceeded to take us downstairs into a dungeon like room with no one but a table of Chinese diners. Upstairs was packed downstairs was empty. It was bland and prison like and I was actually disgusted that she even thought we would entertain the idea if dining in such a hovel. I asked if I could get a table upstairs as i booked a week in advance. She said" did you ask for an upstairs table?" FFS woman how would I know if there us upstairs or downstairs? Had you mentioned when I booked "would you like to sit at one of our best tables upstairs to enjoy what the restaurant has to offer or downstairs in prison with noone else? " oh for sure give me down stairs.Just really disappointed that the hostess belittled myself and family in this way and as guests to the city.
I am usually extremely cautious when I go to a highly-raved joint with people (and in Sotto Mare's case - even the menu) saying that a particular item they serve is the "best" in town. I have not had many cioppinos in my time but I do believe it is one of those things that could be extremely easy to mess up due to the sensitive cooking times of seafood. On my recent visit here, I shared "The Best Damn Crab Cioppino in San Francisco" with my boyfriend. It was pricey at $41 BUT it definitely feeds 2 as noted so it's not too bad per person.The wait for it was long and painful since we were both starving. We may have waited over 30 minutes but finally, the cioppino came and I've gotta say - it was definitely worth the wait!! I don't have much to compare it to but it takes the title as the best in my belly.Our cioppino came served in a mini pot-like container with a lid and it really helped to keep our broth warm. They gave heaping portions of mussels, shrimp, and scallops! There were clams as well but the clams were an afterthought compared to the mussels. I'm usually not a crab fan either somehow they managed to make this crab so damn good. The broth/stew part was perfectly seasoned too. My only complaint (if I had to be nitpicky) was that the penne got soggy very quickly but since it was at the bottom of the pot, I am not surprised that it would turn out this way. I refilled my bowl a good 4-5 times (as did my boyfriend) and we were both full beyond belief by the end of the meal.Since we sat at the bar, I saw them bring out plenty of their other items and they all looked delicious but it would be pretty difficult to convince me NOT to get the cioppino the next time I come back.
Yup.Real old school Italian. Nothing fancy or pretentious just great food done well.A friend and I were lucky enough to get to seats at the bar and had a front row seat to excellent chefs consistently knocking out great dishes.My friend got the Halibut which was like a steak and perfectly sauteed. I got the linguine with shrimp in marinara. INCREDIBLE. Everything about my dish was perfect.Pasta aldente', no water floating in bottom of the bowl, 8 giant shrimp and a bright simple and complex marinara sauce. Everything was piping hot and awesome. We both enjoyed a few ice cold Peroni's, some clam chowder to start and a nice crusty italian bread.I am 100% Italian, worked for a while in an Italian restaurant and love food but none of that matters. This is a place that just does it right. By the way the guy next to us got the Cioppino and was raving about it. Huge portions, nice people. Can't wait to go back.
Had high expectations, met all of it. We ordered the bacala and the ciopanni, I think they are right about it being the best damn ciopanni.
The crab cioppino was amazing. There are words for how incredible it was. My wife and I shared, we are stuffed. Our server Betty was super friendly, all the staff was. We will definitely return when in town.
TL;DR: Not recommended - very average food, and definitely not a good value for the money.  Not sure what the fuss is about and the average 4.5 star rating comes from. First off, we didn't have reservations, but we were juggled repeatedly between two disinterested hosts who didn't seem to care to even talk to us, taking phone calls on the side, and not signaling us whether we should wait or not. Eventually, we were seated far in the back, so it was hot and near the cooking area. The salad with crab was extremely sad looking - a few soggy greens and some uninspired crabmeat. The cioppino was also average - agree with the other poster to look elsewhere. We also got some basic pasta with tomato sauce for our kids which was serviceable, but nothing special. Would not come back. Waitress must have been overworked, as getting refills on water, or even the check, took quite a while.
Will never step foot in there again!Stayed the night in SF to celebrate our 10th anniversary, really wanted to give these guys a shot, the wife tried calling from the road on the AM trying to make a reservation, even once got a live person on the phone and explained our event, they refused to make the reservation as only 3 or more can reserve a table. ..really ? Checked in at the Omni and asked our concierge to help...no luck.., we decided to walk in and give it a shot...walked in around 8pm, place had plenty of open tables with no rush...lady looked at us, asked how many and the moment we said "two", she had "no room"..disgusting! Shame on you!
The ambience is eclectic chaotic American Italian. The space is small, tight, and colorful. Dress is casual. Locals flock here because it does the best Italian seafood in the city, period, and the portions are generous. My favorite is the ciopinno: an Italian/Portuguese fisherman's stew containing crab, prawns, bay shrimp, scallops, clams, mussels, and octopus in a rich spicy red sauce. But everything is good.
Food was great but was put in their basement dining area due to it being crowded. Feels like a dungeon. Oysters were awesome but who doesnt do good oysters in SF. Also the chioppino was awesome. Will I be back? Maybe.
GIgi's SOTO MARE Oysteria & Seafood is a must see on your list when visiting San Francisco.Stop by Gigi's, have a cold pint and a bowl of the "Our Best Chowder". This will certainly quell your aching, tired feet and warm more than your belly. The food here is reasonably priced and everything is delicious. My favorite is the Prawn & Scallop Saut.Gigi's is akin to a Small classic "Jersey" Diner but with a wonderful Seafood twist. You'll love this place. It's warm relaxing space, music and staff.
If you are a seafood lover this is a must go to! The line was long and there was quite a wait. I would recommend making reservations before coming here. I was starving so I was pacing while saying I'm hungry over and over again. The hostess overheard me which was a bit embarrassing but she was nice about it. I think every one was staring at her like a piece of meat considering the line was out the door.I ordered oysters for an appetizer which were delicious. I then ordered crab cioppino which I am pretty picky with cioppino. My Grandmother used to make crab cioppino every Christmas and she passed her recipe down to me. Now I make it every Christmas and so far no restaurant has even come close to my crab cioppino. This restaurant's cioppino is still not as good as mine but it is pretty darn close! Just for that I would say this is a definite go back to again!
Went here on a date pretty much on a whim with the help of our trusty friend Yelp! And was totally blown away by how great tasting the sauce and seafood was...but here are my highlights1) Great Service-- I mean specifically, what a sweet owner! He is so adorable2)Get the Crab Cioppino (basically it's an assortment of seafood I believe braised in this red sauce that tastes like magic pretty much.) It feeds 2 and fills you for your money's worth. Do it. it's a must!. We weren't sure if it would fill us and was tempted to order a side of penne but were surprised!3) I absolutely love the ambiance. It's has that cute hole in the wall feel with the AWESOME food quality. Casual but nice--date place? Check.And the decor of the place? Loved it!4) love the music5) delicious garlic bread and butterWarning: There is a line. Come early. And they close early kinda (in my world 9:30 is kinda early). So come prepared and hungry~
Three words - cioppino, cioppino, cioppino! I visited San Fran for the first time and I had just seen Andrew Zimmern's Delicious Destinations episode including Sotto Mare. I dreamt about the cioppino every night, and it lived up to and exceeded my expectations. Forget the fact that it's a bargain for two. That's not even a factor when you consider the sauce, cooked for two days to bring out the natural flavors. The seafood was immensely tender and fresh.
We had a surprise dinner for my daughter last night for a party of 10. We ordered the east coast and west coast oysters, steamed clams and mussels, clam chowder for starters. The flavors were just amazing on all the dishes. For the entrees, we ordered the Cioppino, seafood pasta and the special of the day( a spicy crab over pasta). The Cioppino was the best I have ever tasted. It was a bounty of seafood from the sea. The pastas were done very nicely with out being too garlicky. If you like spicy flavors, the special was awesome! The people at the restaurant were all very friendly. I give the restaurant all thumbs up!!
In S.F. for a soccer match. One of our young friends wanted to come here, said he saw it on one of the food channel shows, where it was well rated. Reservation at 9:00 p.m., busy. The five of us loved it! I had the petrale sole, wife had linguini with salmon, three has the risotto. Everyone was happy! We sat outside, (only three tables there, on the sidewalk). The activity on the street there was electric, plenty of places to choose from. I was glad we got in. It's not the biggest place, like a narrow diner on the inside, but retro, busy, reminds me of a 1950's type of place. Try this place out. Talked with the owner, got the background on the place. Give it a try. We're going to go back next time in town.
This place is rather small and parking is hard to find, we lucked out and got parking right out front but good luck to the rest of you! Customer service was terrible. There were plenty of workers but the only one to stop by the table after our order was taken was the young Hispanic man that brought us our food. The women were too busy talking to each other. The food was 5 stars! I got penne with pomodoro sauce and my brother and mom shared the cioppino. The pomodoro sauce had a little bit of spice to it, which I loved. The bread and butter were also really good. The cioppino is quite big ($41) and filled both my mom and brother. My mom was kind of disappointed that half of it was penne pasta noodles though. Overall, if the women paid attention to the customers as much as they do to each other they would have gotten 5 stars, but the lack of customer service really killed it.
Fantastic! Long wait, bit chaotic, but really fun and good food. I recommend the oysters, clam chowder and there penne seafood special.
Oh Sotto Mare! Easily the best seafood restaurant in the city. I always wonder: Is it just the crazy amount of butter and garlic they put in everything? Or is it just the freshness of their seafood? And WHERE did they manage to get such fresh seafood consistently? Eating their linguine vongole makes you think: GASP! So THIS is how they're supposed to taste! Eating their cioppino makes you think... the same thing. So THIS is how they're supposed to taste!! A great place to go if you want really, really yummy and fresh seafood.
Hands down, up, and everywhere; Best Cioppino! I am a seafoodoholic and Sotto Mare hits the crustacean spot. Their seafood is fresh to death. Order the 'pink sauce' (off then menu), when choosing your pasta sauce. It's a combination of red/white love and goes great with any pasta. Another tip: go for the wine bottle! Why pay for more refilling glasses when you can get more bang for your buck ordering a whole bottle. $$$ :) Cheers to the happy spenders!
Because of the exceptionally good reviews, I came in this place with pretty high expectations. I ordered a fettuccine with smoked salmon and cippino. The pasta was just ok. Nothing special about it. And the seafood in the soup was very fresh and in generous portions ( $41 tho ). Overall a good Italian restaurant but not very impressed.
Small but cozy restaurant with a pretty good line to get in to the joint. They serve you wine on the outside patio to help with your wait. I never would have guessed that I would like the chioppino, but the sauce was excellent and the seafood was cooked well. Not a fancy place if that is what you need, just good food. We sat at the counter and watched them cook . . .
My wife and I went to "SOTO MARE" seafood restaurant at North Beach in SanFrancisco and the Crab Cioppino was great and the reason I entered three stars is because our waitress said that the Crab Cioppino was $41.00 for a half crab and for a whole crab, it would be $10.00 more. I chose the whole Crab. The bill should have been $51.00, not $57.00.Soto Mare charged us $16.00 extra and the pre-tip amount of the bill was $61.98.We bought this matter to their attention and they tried to justify themselves and did not correct the error.
Restaurants with self-proclaimed "best _____" are usually overrated, but Sotto Mare's "best damn crab cioppino" simply stays true to its word. How much do I love this dish? The most recent time I came here with just one other person, I forgot that my friend was allergic to shellfish, so I ended up ordering the whole thing to myself! I had leftovers for lunch and dinner the next day, but totally worth it. At $41, this hearty cioppino is packed with pre-cracked crab, shrimp, scallops, mussels, clams, squid and penne noodles. Just a tip - save the bread they serve you at the beginning until the cioppino comes out, so you can dip it in the stew...amazing. The restaurant itself is small, long and narrow, and is always busy. They only take reservations for parties of 3 or more, but luckily, both of the times I've been with just one other person, we didn't have to wait. The service is always friendly and attentive, despite how busy it is! Another thing to note - they offer a limited menu (no dessert), but the cioppino is seriously the only thing you need to order here.
Got lucky and got seated right away for weekday dinner outside. This is a no bullsh*t kind of restaurant. They don't try to give you superb customer service, kiss your ass, etc etc. Very fast, efficient service. They let the food speak for itself. Ordered the Fettuccine with Seafood. Delicious. The sauce was white but it wasn't as thick and heavy as the alfredo sauce. Came with a hefty amount of seafood including little scallops, clams, mussels, squid, shrimp, prawns. The pasta was perfectly al dente. My friend ordered the Alfredo Fettucine with Prawns, it was pretty good too. FYI SHRIMP = small shrimps, PRAWNS = large juicy shrimps. My other friend got the Prawn Louis which is basically some large cold shrimps, on top of a bed of wilted iceberg lettuce. Wouldn't recommend this, it looked quite sad actually.
I found this place on yelp and was able to get right in at with a party of 5. But it did get crowded. The oysters were delicious and fresh. They didn't have all the fixings but still a great quality. This a very simple, traditional italian sea food place. Really great quality and fresh seafood. There are no  Experimental dishes like the new foodie hot spots. This is a solid choice.
FOUR WORDS: THE BEST DAMN CIOPPINO.I came here with a friend from Toronto (who was visiting). Fellow Yelper, Winny F., had recommended this place to me a while back, and I FINALLY got to go there. We went around 5:00 - 5:30 - a little bit earlier than the dinner crowd, but we were just oh-so-hungry.We were quickly seated at the bar. I went through the Yelp reviews, and saw that "The Best Damn Cioppino" was the thing to get here. How could we not get it? I had no idea what cioppino was before this -- but searching on trusty Wikipedia, it's a seafood from San Francisco. How could we pass?They give you these adorable bibs to wear, and we gorged. Needless to say, we finished it. I went home with a food baby.PROTIP: Come early. Or make reservations. I had such a difficult time walking out of the restaurant (not due to the food, but because there were so many people crowding in the front!)
We came across this place on our last nigh in San Francisco. They sat us at the bar to eat and we felt comfortable siting there even though you are sitting right next to the other person. They promptly serve you with a carafe of water and bread. We ordered a bottle of Pinot and shared the crab cioppino and it was amazing! If If you are strolling around North Beach, be sure to stop in here for lunch or dinner. I wish we had a place like this in NYC.
I had very high expectations going into dinner at Sotto Mare - it's the popular neighborhood local seafood joint. It's simply got to be amazing. However, I was left quite disappointed with both the food and the service. My obsession with risottos obviously ensued the seafood risotto order but it was a bit dry and not cheesy enough for a risotto. Yes, it had a lot of seafood pieces (shrimp, scallops, mussels, etc) but the flavor somehow ended up feeling a bit like stale seafood with rice. And the infamous sand dabs felt a tad soggy and under cooked, certainly not what I was expecting from a SEAFOOD restaurant. We were seated at the bar as the restaurant is quite tiny and we didn't have a reservation. Perhaps it's because of this (although it's not a good excuse) that the service was extremely lagging and inattentive. We had to wait almost 30 minutes for the entrees to arrive and the waiter completely forgot our calamari appetizer. I'd recommend trying other seafood restaurants in the city before giving Sotto Mare a try - perhaps Pesce, Scoma's, Swan Oyster Depot or Hyde Street Seafood. Tip: Call ahead to make reservations as they are not on OpenTable.
The best damn Crab Ciopinno in town?!?!Why yes I concur.There some great Ciopinno in little Italy! Very good but this one is possibly my favorite. We thankfully came at perfect time. Close parking and no wait.We got the Baccala : cod in a tomato and olive oil sauce. Excellent and recommended.Food. Was great! Service was great! Lace is small and loud but food is yummy so in my mind 5 STARS!
First time I was here, I'd say this place was 4.5 out of 5. Was here with some tourist friends, and the wait staff was very patient with them asking questions, as they had never had crab before.We just ordered cracked crab, and they brought it on hot, on a plate, with garlic spaghetti, it was awesome. I could say some of the best crab I've ever had in my life. And I was born in SF. So there.Second time we went, we got there a bit later, I guess an hour before closing, and asked to be seated. The cheerful owner (I think he is the owner) told us to go next door for a beer, and check back in 30 for our seat. So we did.When we came back the owner was still cheerful and told us bon appetite, but our waitress was really rude, telling us how we're her last customer, and to hurry up.We were trying to be polite to her regardless, and when she brought us the crab, it was cold (which is fine), with no butter, no pasta like before -- so I asked her about the pasta, and she kind of snapped back saying, "You want a side of pasta now too?" and barked at the chefs, telling them if it was too late to saut some spaghetti in garlic butter for us, its ok, just let her know. Right in front of us.The crab just didn't taste that good the second time, for apparent reasons. At this point, I may try somewhere else, I may not, because that first crab there served in the garlic butter spaghetti would be my death row meal.
Just remember the cioppino was delizioso!! The sand dabs was also really really good. Well baked and crisp on the outside, while moist on the inside. Much better than Tadich Grill in my opinion, which was rather inconsistent and sloppily cooked. Definitely order those two dishes!We came here with a huge party; it must've been 10 or 12 people. They ended up separating us into two tables, which was unfortunate, because we couldn't all talk to each other. They should've told us that before we made the reservations, but I'm still glad we got to try the food here. The dishes were all very large portions (unsurprising for Italian). So stuffed afterward, we weren't even able to fit in dessert.
What do you do when you're in the mood for seafood but you want it in a comforting sort of way? By comforting, I mean not having to peel things, not having to dress up or know your wines. Sotto Mare! If you are in town, I would suggest coming to this tiny place to get your seafood comfort food fix.This place is small. Bar seating, narrow space small but the food here is fresh and flavorful. Upon entering, the first thing I noticed was the historical decor, quirky photos of the family who run the place, pots and pans hung up in oblivion making its mark as a serious foodie territory. The menu is simple and the people who work here are friendly and most likely friends of the family. I ordered the cioppino since it was an obvious popular item and an order of fresh oysters on the half shell. The oysters to start were fabulous. Fresh and sweet, it was really a treat to have it. The cioppino was hearty and full of flavor. It was the culmination of the tomato broth, tomato paste and the seafood broth (most likely clam juice) that set it off for me. Magical. The seafood was strategically placed to cover the entire bowl (perfect for 2 people!), and the bit of penne pasta was the perfect bite to accompany with your crab and prawn, and squid). Food's great, atmosphere is great. I couldn't ask for a better place to stop by while in SF.
Delicious delicious delicious. That is the only word to describe the food. The clam chowder is probably one of the best chowders I have had in a long time. The portions of their entrees are huge, and you'll definitely leave full and with leftovers. The wait can get really long so call ahead to beat the line.
AlohaOur visit to Sotto Marie was amazing. The two owners greeted us, and seated us quickly. The energy in the restaurant was fast paced, and you could feel the people there liked what they were doing.The place was super busy, even on a Thursday night, but Betty, our Waitress, was super attentive. Her assistants were also very on the ball.We ordered the Cold whole crab, Peroni's, and 2 dozen clams to start. All awesome!Then the house special Ciopani. It was off the hook. A 10.We are here for a short time.We will be back for another visit.MAhalo
I went there last year. The food there left me wonderful memory. This time I go to sf, will definitely taste it once more!
Delicious!!! Had:- Cioppino (super good. Filled to the brim with crab, shrimps, clams, mussels, small scallops. Totally worth it. The tomato broth was not sour at all and just sweet and salty enough. The other cioppinos I've had in the past have been waaaay too salty but the one here definitely let's the seafood shine.)- Grilled sand dabs (Very clean, delicate dish.)- Clam linguine with garlic and olive oil (their olive oil is very good, not overpowering but definitely flavorful. The clams were very sweet and burst with flavor.)And service was friendly too!
My goodness I had forgotten how good Italian food can be, instead of just carbs covered in sauces.To be honest, this review is only about their cioppino, which is the only thing that I tried because it serves two people. Oh, actually I had an oyster shooter too, but since that was the first and only one I've ever had there's not much I can say about it?Actually I enjoyed the shooter a lot; it was a good mix of salty and brine-y but refreshing and I wasn't grossed out by the oyster like some people I know have been. The cioppino, though OH MY GAHHHD. They call it the "Best Damn Crab Cioppino" and I've got to say, it is definitely worth 5 stars by itself. If it wasn't the best in my recent memory, it was definitely top 2. And it was definitely enough for 2 people to fill up. There was more seafood in that bowl than pasta in some other pasta-only dishes. And all of it was delicious - the clams, mussels, and squid were all bathed in just the right amount of sauce (but not drowning in more than can be soaked up by your bread) and the crab was precracked to ensure it was infused with all of the flavors already. Seriously, this was heaven.I'm definitely coming back here, but I'll have to force myself to try something else from their menu. If it's all as amazing as this was I'll be sure that I'll love any of their food.Although I did think their bread was very plain... like it was nothing special. It had no identity to itself other than being something to soak up pasta sauces... or is that the point?
Put on my bin and got down with the cioppino. Delicious and comforting. Just what I needed on a cold San Francisco night.
I love this place. North Beach classic
We went early, around four and we sat right down. The server was very sweet and answered any questions I had. We had clam chowder and oysters. Their chowder was hands down the best I have ever eaten. It was thick and creamy with bacon in it. Everything is better with bacon, amiright. The oysters were fresh and so good! I thought the prices were pretty reasonable, which is an added bonus in my book! Would definitely go back there.
La vita e pesce???? Si!Seafood , fish, shellfish fuel my blood. And Italian is my favorite cuisine. Combine the two = explosive! None of my SF trips have ever completed without a North beach trip. You know, where all the little Italian places are? And they all speak the language like they are all back in Italia! Veneiza, Firanze, Roma, Pulgia etc etc.I found this place in the spring of 2012 after eating right next door! They had burrata (my obsession) . But walking past Sotto Mare changed my mind. Instead of having lunch next door as planned, I tried their cheese , had some wine and came right back to here. Oh you amazing smelling restaurant you!First thing you notice is the chalk board with fish dishes written across. We waited a bit of our sunny outside table and got seated by the owner Gigi herself. She's one fiesty italian lady! We laughed at one of her mumurs ( she was making fun of someone but I heard it and we both laughed). That was it. We became friends! :) Back to food- Sotto Mare litereally translate to under the sea. I love all things that end with Mare. Frutti di mare anyone? And as the name says, their specialty is seafood. Grilled San Dabs - Gigi recommended and this was wow! I've been back for a few too many times after my initial visit and I still get this dish. It's grilled fish with lemons. Simple? Yes! Tasty? Definitely!!Oysters- yummScallops sautee- delish!Pasta frutti di mare? Linguine with seafood. You can have it with olive oil or tomato sauce. I've always gone with the tomato sauce since it was so tasty.The best DAMN crab cioppino?????? Yes!! Yes and yes!! This is what you will come back here for. If you hate any and everything, try this. You will LOVE this. This can make the grumpiest grump in the world smile. ( well, as long as they like seafood) This is something you'll have to share. It is huge. 2013 visits to SF all included that cioppino and sand dabs. I can still taste it on my breath. Yummmm. Definitely worth a returning trip. Definitely. I have yet to come here for dinner but I'm pretty sure it will be crazy busy. The inside looks like some cooky korky place but it's still cute. Maybe next time I'll sit by the counter so I can check out all the actions. In the mean time, I'll be dreaming about my bottle of pinot grigio. grilled sand dabs and best damn crab cioppino meal over here in Seattle!
If you don't try the seafood risotto, you're an idiot.
We ordered seafood risotto and cioppino. Amazing food, particularly the risotto.  The portion is very generous. Even the risotto can feed two. The big daddy ipa draft is great too.
Hands down, one of my favorite meals in SF. If you come while it's busy, wine while you wait. It's tiny, so expect to if you come at peak times.The cioppino is to die for. I took my family here, and my father, a foodie, was silent the whole time he was eating--didn't want to interrupt the taste for anything. To be fair, I haven't had anything besides the cioppino, and I don't think I will. It's just that good. Cioppino: tomato-based "broth" with calamari, mussels, scallops, crab, and shrimp, with a handful of penne noodles. Please don't order one just for yourself--share it with at least one other person. The last time we went, we arrived at 3:30 on a Saturday afternoon. No wait, and we sat outside. The good: cioppino.The bad: not a gripe, but they have a limited menu, so be aware. That's it. Just go.
The food was so delicious! Had oysters, mussels, sand dabs, and the sea scallops. I would recommend this place to anyone who enjoys seafood. It was busy but be too log of a wait for 2. Staff was a little snappy.
Stopped in on a Sunday night with a friend and they were packed! We ended up getting takeout and split the Cioppino. It was delicious and packed with tons of seafood!Will definitely be coming back.
I've lived in San Francisco for 3 years and had one of the best meals of my SF life at Sotto Mare. The wait was an hour+ and totally worth it. We ordered the Cioppino and it was heaven! The menu says that it's enough for 2 but really it could easily feed 4. It was packed with incredibly fresh seafood including a TON of Dungeness Crab. Our waitress, Shelly, was fantastic - really funny and dead honest about everything. She had us laughing the whole time. The owner even let us bring in vodka sodas from the bar next door because they don't serve hard alcohol. Great, friendly restaurant and amazing food! Can't wait to go back!
I was really surprised to read on their menu that because they want to encourage healthy lifestyle for their customers, they do not offer dessert items on their menu any longer. Thankfully there are some good options around the area.While I thoroughly enjoyed the food we ordered, they actually forgot one of the main dishes we ordered and took us an extra 45 minute wait time in between our meals. The waitstaff only realized the mistake after we inquired about the rest of our dinner. She kindly apologized and explained how busy things are in the kitchen. We understood the circumstance and did not make a big deal out of it. This is a great place for big parties, tourists, casual dates and family dining. I liked their Cioppino but I have had better ones in SF and elsewhere, which explains my 4-star rating. I would definitely go back for more cioppino, steamers, and their specialty pasta dishes!
Came here with my daughter and a work colleague. I would definitely recommend a family or friend to make this a must see and experience when in the bay area. The food came out timely, tasted great and was cooked to please. The wait staff was supportive and the atmosphere made you feel like a local. I'll definitely make the trip back. Go now and enjoy.
We love this place. so far our most favorite Italian place in town. not because of its food only.  we ordered the signature dish, seafood stew, and saw how it was made over the burner. its a lot of fun watching chefs cook in high heat and efficiency, although later it became way too hot and smoky to sit next to the kitchen.  we will come back later and yes I sense great Fengshui in this place!
A must-go to for all seafood lovers!
If you want great seafood and a turn-of-the-century dining vibe go to North Beach and eat at Sotto Mare! This place is small; counter seating and a few tables inside and several on the sidewalk under their entry canopy. It is a hectic, lively, (noisy - plan on keeping your heads together and saying, "What?" often) and full of interesting memorabilia to browse while you await your meal.And what a meal it will be. Our table of four indulged in clam chowder, sauted shrimp with vegetables (the sauce was light and tasty - the veggies adequate,) and the CIOPINO (caps for emphasis - this stuff is the BEST! It had a lot of everything you love and expect from this dish.) Those of us enjoying that fish stew were adorned with tastefully draped bibs to keep their clothing in as good a condition as they were in when they entered.The only downside for our evening was that there was quite a wait for our food to be served. To be fair there was a large banquet party in their banquet room and it put extra strain on the cooking and service staff who work very diligently to make sure things are prepared and served at lightening speed even when such crowded conditions make it more difficult.Do give them a try; and if you are going to see Beach Blanket Babylon, it's a great place to eat before the show. Just be sure to allow time for lingering over your food and for possible service delays.
I can't get this place off of my mind!!! Seriously...where's 6 stars when you need it?I can't say ENOUGH about this place! My husband and I recently visited San Francisco. We were only in town for 2 days, so it was a MUST that we visited only the BEST resturants this city had to offer. We were impressed with all of our breakfast, lunch and dinner choices while in town...but Sotto Mare...OMG BLEW US BOTH AWAY!!!!!!!!!!!!We arrived on Saturday night at 8:00 and expected nothing short of what we got (which was a 2 hour wait). We sat at a nice intimate bar acrossed the street and had a glass of wine. We noticed while there that the majority of people there were waiting for their tables acrossed the street at Sotto Mare. It's a nice little set-up between the 2 businesses . I enjoyed the wine selection.Now back to HEAVEN...Once we were finally seated, we looked over the menu. I had my mind set on the Cioppino. After I realized it was for 2 people (my husband didn't want it), I decided to go with the seafood linguine...with crab meat added.I HAVE NEVER TASTED ANYTHING SO GOOD IN MY LIFE!!!!!! This dish was HEAVEN in my mouth! FRESH seafood, AMAZING tasting alfredo sauce, PERFECTLY cooked noodles. OMG...I dream of this pasta.My husband had the smoked salmon...which he raved about on and on. I took a little bite of it, and OMG...MORE HEAVEN!!! I can't believe how AMAZING the food here is!!!!It's a small, casual, crowded, loud dining experience, but the service was great. I was a little overdressed for the occasion, but none the less...I would return here over and over again. I will NEVER visit this city again without going to Sotto Mare. Hey, I might take a trip back just to go here! (And I'm coming from Philadelphia).Here we are...a whole month later and I think about this pasta all the time. My husband thinks I'm crazy. It's more of an obsession.6 STARS SOTTO MARE!!!!!!!
Pretty good food, kind of slow service. I had the crab cocktail, which was good. It was later afternoon and the place was fairly empty but they still seemed to be understaffed or just kind of slow. Worth checking out.
3rd generation former commercial fisherman. Oysters, sand dabs and Ciopino for dinner. If I closed me eyes, it was Christmas Eve dinner. Excellent quality, friendly staff.
Amazing food and a great vibe. We had to wait about 15 minutes before we were seated at the counter, but the hostess gave us each a glass of red - seems to be customary if you have to wait. My partner had the grilled sand dabs whbut the seafood risotto was the real winner for me.
My friend living in North Beach brought us here. Cioppino was excellent and the Sand Dabs done perfectly. Seemed like everyone dining around us thought they had the best dish on the menu. All did look amazing. The owners came to each table to make sure everyone loved the food. Great place.
The clam chowder was really good. The linguini was just ok. The prawn cocktail was overpriced ($13 for 6) and the cioppino was tasty, EXCEPT that it came with a little SAND CRITTER! Our server probably could've done more than just replace the bowl with a new one (empty) but she didn't. All in all, it was a little bit of a letdown given the expectations built up by yelp reviews.
Very disappointed. Guests arrived from Seattle and were anxious to specifically dine here. We called the number and their recording stated to leave name, number, choice of dining date, and a return number. We followed their instructions specifically. We never received a call back after several attempts (I called once and SaaaSha called twice requesting an 8pm seating). Rude. If you're not going to be open on a Saturday or any day of the week please be courteous enough to announce that on your recording or place that detail on your home page. Highly rethinking patronizing this establishment.
Short wait for a table, and it was worth it! Cioppiano was awesome!Great atmosphere, and service.
I was in heaven when I tried their seafood pasta. I ended up going two days in a row. If I ever return to San Francisco this will be one of my first stops!
I'm feeling let down with the food at Sotto Mare. We left thinking "Meh, was ok". Nothing was bad, but nothing was great.The oysters were ok. We tried both east and west coast. I can't remember what was what. I totally forgot we had the oysters until my wife reminded me of the horseradish. The horseradish was good. Oysters...were oysters. Some were east coast, some west :/Cioppino was...well...not "The Best Damn Crab Cioppino", wasn't the best in the Bay, SF, or the neighborhood. I'm not going to order a fish stew from a place that isn't known to have fresh seafood. So I'm not comparing this dish to "those places". I'm comparing it the restaurants that deliver fresh seafood and know what to do with it. And with that said... this stew came in last...dead last.  Flavor was lacking and there was pasta, not just pasta...but too much pasta. That really irked me. I understand people serving the stew OVER pasta, but not adding pasta to the stew. This is a total filler. Seriously...wtf...for $40+ fill it with fresh seafood and give me bread on the side. Adding pasta to the stew is total BS.The risotto was the best dish in front of us. It was loaded with seafood and cooked perfectly. I did have to add a touch of salt to the dish, but that's my palate. This isn't the best risotto out there, but it is good.The service was great. We didn't have to wait too long for the food, and the waitstaff took excellent care of us.We may be back to try some of the seafood specials, but will not go out of my way. Only if I'm hungry, walking by, and there's no line...maybe then.
We happened upon a brief quiet time and got seated right away. The food was great! The staff were efficient, attentive, and friendly.
I finally got to check this place out the other day after wanting to for months. The experience is unforgettable so I highly recommend checking it out if you have the time. It can get very busy so I recommend coming during off hours or making a reservation.Before I say more, I just want to say that this place is similar to Swan Oyster Depot but I think Sotto Mare is a lot better hands down and don't recommend ever going to Swan Oyster Depot. Read my review about them for more insight.Anyway, the food here will blow your mind and you will get super full because the portions are very generous.We ordered these and our stomachs were 100% satisfied:1) the "best damn crab cioppino" with seafood2) grilled sand dabs ~ fillets3) boston clam chowderThese 3 dishes can make 3 people full or 2 people too full. These items are what you need to have a good Sotto Mare experience. Maybe get some oysters too if you have more than 1 stomach.The service was great and it was fun to watch the chefs go to work. This is one of the best restaurants in North Beach and any seafood lover should check it out. The oceanic atmosphere and smell/sight of fresh fish make sitting at the bar a better experience. Your clothes might smell a little fishy after eating here, but it's not too bad like at a Korean BBQ joint with poor ventilation.
Really enjoyed the food and the waitress was very personable and funny. We ordered family style. Had the scallops, the cioppino, oysters, and a fish plate. The cioppino was a definite "WOW". I loved it...warm brothy, rich flavor with loads of seafood. Also loved the deal on the carafe of wine...best buy.
If you want cioppino this is the place!! Thank you Andrew Zimmern and Delicious Destinations on the Travel Channel for this awesome recommendation! Get there by 430 or expect a wait.
The place is quite small and can become crowded very quickly, but is awesome nevertheless. We ordered the crab cioppino which is indeed damn good and enough for two (as claimed on the menu).
Nothing to write home about. The menu is very limited, all seafood options and a bit overpriced. We only tried the cracked crab; which was good, but too much work to remove the shell from the small crab legs.
We've been on a two week tour of Northern California, which always includes a lot of Pacific seafood, most notably the delightful stew known as cioppino.After a three-hour walking tour of North Beach and Chinatown, we found our way to Sotto Mare and decided to wait a few minutes for a table rather than immediate seating at the lengthy counter. the restaurant is cozy, active and noisy... Hard work is going on.My wife and I split a Crab Cioppino for lunch and seriously filled out bowls FOUR times each. The serving pot was brimming with perfectly steamed and stewed Crab, Mussels, Clams, shrimp, calamari and scallops. The broth was not too bold and complemented the natural tastes of the high grade seafood that went into it. (Perfect for sopping up with hat sourdough, btw.). Some penne in the broth helped "soupify" the dish. But the takeaway was that this dish achieved a perfect balance of flavor, textures and ingredients. First cioppino I've had that was able to do that. .I truly didn't walk away thinking there was too much or not enough of anything. The experience was enhanced by our server, a bright young lady from North Texas who kept it real for a couple of hungry travelers. Next time, I'll try something else ... Maybe!
Came here on a Friday night around 8:30pm and got sat down by 9pm. When you put your name down, they ask if you want complimentary wine or if you wish to walk around they also give you these cool lobsters buzzers. Too bad you can't keep them! Food: Bread (typical), clam chowder was so so. Things were looking so good until the seafood started rolling in. Got myself tons of oysters and I was feasting. $1.50 a piece. Main Dish: seafood crab cioppino = super tasty, fresh crab, clams, mussels, and pasta too. I was definitely full and satisfied my cravings !
There's a reason this restaurant constantly have long lines and packed seating. This place is amazing! They offer reservations for parties or 3+ but for 2 people and under it's a first come first serve basis. Come early! They stop serving dinner at 9:30 and if you're not seated yet, you're SOL. They will take names but waiting is at your own risk. Just because your name is on the list doesn't mean you're guaranteed to be seated. My boyfriend and I arrived at around 5:30. They give you a lobster that vibrates and lights up when it's your turn to be seated. When we arrived they said the wait is around 45 minutes to 1 hour, but that wait time depends on how fast or slow people eat. When we came there were a lot of big parties seated so they ordered multiple dishes, sat and talked after dinner, and it being such a small restaurant, we ended up waiting for 2 hours before we were actually seated. I'm not mentioning all this to complain, it's just so others will know what to expect when they get there. We have been warned by friends who have recommended this restaurant and that's why we came early. But when we were leaving we heard others complain about being on the list and not being seated before they were closing. Getting all that explanation out of the way, their cioppino is made for 2 people and comes in this big silver cauldron. My boyfriend and I ordered one to share. We are both big eaters and was worried it wouldn't be enough food! But by the time we finished the cioppino, it ended up being a perfect amount that filled us up, but there was no left overs like other people mention. The cioppino had a variety of perfectly cooked and tender seafood such as shrimp, baby clams, oysters, and crab. The crab was pre cracked so it was really easy to eat without the need of extra utensils. This place had THE best cioppino I have ever had and would definitely recommend this place. I would come back again next time I'm in town, even if it means I have to wait another 2 hours.
If Scoma's is high class, Sotto Mare is kind of working class. I don't say that as an insult, but more as a way of tempering your expectations.Where Scoma's has white table cloths, cloth napkins and a touch of stuffiness; Sotto Mare has paper towels for napkin, aprons and a friendly, casual environment.I popped in late on a rainy Tuesday evening for dinner. The main dining area is snug; a long counter lining the cooking area, a few tables along the wall, and some tables outside. They also have a dining room for larger parties, but I didn't see it. I was immediately smitten with Sotto Mare when the hostess offered me a glass of house wine while I waited.I was seated at the counter; if you're a solo diner or like making new friends this is the place to sit. The couple next to me have been coming back to Sotto Mare for years and had a few recommendations for me. However, this was one of those times where dining alone was also a hindrance, since I couldn't order all of the items that sounded so good. Cioppino and dabs, I'm looking at you.I went with the linguine with seafood, a steal at $17. To call it linguine *with* seafood felt like a misnomer; as it should be, the dish was heavy on the seafood and lighter on the pasta. Shrimp, prawns, scallops, calamari - it had it all. The only complaint I had about the dish was that the sauce was a little too rich. That said, I still cleaned my plate.Sotto Mare was a fantastic experience and such an excellent value for the price. From the moment I walked in and was greeted with a glass of house wine, to the moment I left; I felt like I was being welcomed into their home like a member of the family. The icing on the cake was seeing Tony Bennett head out as I was walking in; the staff was so nonchalant about it, that I didn't believe it was him until the person next to me asked.
Awesome place. Had the chowder, sand dabs and some oysters. Everything was excellent and real at priced for the amount of food they serve. The bread is the best too!
There's a reason why there's over 1000 reviews. Bookmarked for many years, this North Beach sleeper can be found where a number of landmark Italian restaurants reside or, in some cases, used to reside (New Pisa, Caffe Sport, Gino & Carlo's, Sodini's, etc.). My generous friend invited me to my restaurant of choice for dinner on a recent weeknight. After the closing of Caesar's and another friend's recommendation of Tadich, Cioppino was on my mind. Calling the restaurant, they explained that they do not accept reservations for two, so we arrived before 6 pm to beat the rush. There were only two tables for two near the entrance besides scattered seating on their counter. We chose the closest table since it was a relatively warm evening. Here's what we had:1) Clam Chowder (yelp.com/user_local_phot) - We both ordered a cup which was tasty and delicious. I used the complimentary bread to sop up the last drop.2) Cioppino for two (yelp.com/user_local_phot) - As touted, this did not disappoint. Comprised of Dungeness crab, mussels, clams, bay scallops, calamari, and prawns, this hearty bowl also included Penne or Rigatoni in a herb flavored tomato broth. This can be ordered spicy too. As stated on the menu, the Cioppino is definitely made for two as we barely finished ours. The only disappointment came from my final bite of crab. As I bit into it, a strong ammonia-like odor came overwhelmed my taste buds. Worried that this was a sign of a "bad" crab batch, I did not finish this piece.The vibe is old-time North Beach with a good mixture of locals (mostly couples or small groups) and tourists (families), reminding me of Swan Oyster on Polk Street. In reading last week's Chronicle, I learned that Tony Bennett dined here after he sang " I Left My Heart in SF" at the parade ceremony.Yes, I will be back to try some of their other pasta selections and, if a cioppino Jones pops up, you'll find me here.
Busy and friendly north beach restaurant. The cioppino is fantastic and some great wines at reasonable prices. Recommend.
Nearly 3 years later and this place is just as good as it ever was. Taking the advice of my past self, I only got the Cioppino to share with my gf. We were stuffed with just that. I've never encountered an issue getting a seat here, but it might be the timing. This time, i went right when it opened during the weekend and was seated right away. My friend went at 3 PM on a weekend and was seated right away as well. Great food. Will be back next time I am in town!
Uh-Mazing dinner.We called only a couple hours ahead to make a reservation, the hostess wasn't the nicest but maybe she was overwhelmed because they were super busy. They sat us downstairs, some reviewers complained about this, but I loved it down there. It was much quieter and less busy! Our waitress was great and very knowledgable.To start, we got the mussels in garlic sauce for the table and they were cooked perfectly. I got the seafood linguini with the garlic/red sauce. The seafood was so fresh and it came out piping hot. You will definitely need more bread for all the extra sauce you have. I mean their seafood is pretty much perfection, next time I must try the cioppino!!
I was in this restaurant with my girlfriend, reservation it's for 3 or more people only, I waited in line out of the restaurant for 1h and 15m. It's not good experience wait all this time, i was ready to write a negative review in real time but ...... I've tried the "Cioppino" and everything is changed. I'm Italian, I'm very severe with Italian restaurant review but really, after a first taste of Cioppino, I was touched.Do you know the movie Ratatuille? Ok, This video is exactly my experience during taste: youtube.com/watch?v=uXPlThank you
I dined here on two occasions. Fantastic food and equally accommodating in seating me. A very busy establishment, but you can see why. The risotto was superb!
Had the halibut which was a great choice. They brought out an appetizer which was Benitas Baccala. So good. Eggplant with garlic and olive oil. Highly recommended.
I ate here last night, and feel bad for making my family go. I read reviews on Trip Advisor that said their cioppino was great, and it was good (not earth shattering), but what they didn't mention was:**Eating there is stressful!!**1) Noise. Kitchen and wait staff seemed accustomed to forcefully throwing items around in the food prep area and while setting tables. Overall, they seemed angry and not to be getting along. The result was a deafening din throughout our entire meal, with us occasionally flinching when things were smashed or otherwise really loud. 2) Reservations. I called ahead to ask about reservations, and was told I didn't need one, and to just come. Upon arrival, we were ignored for the first 15-20 minutes (both hostesses were avoiding eye contact, and the group ahead of us left bc they felt so ignored). When I addressed them directly, they were dismissive, declared that there were no tables available, and that there would be at 1.5 hour wait. I asked them about what they said on the phone, and they said they had no reservations available.. except that they were taking down names for reservations.. They changed their tune and said it would be close to 20 mins wait. (I should note, I really wanted to eat here bc of the cioppino reviews, and I was only in San Fran for a short time, or else we probably would have left at that point, but we stayed. )Fast forward to 1 hour later, they called me up to claim my table, and I promptly waited another 15 minutes while the hostesses argued with each other over where to put us. Meanwhile, they gave away several tables to people who had arrived after us. By the time we were seated, we already felt a bit harried. 3) Service. Wait staff all seemed stressed out, and service seemed like an afterthought. We rarely saw our server, and the restaurant space is so small/tight that servers had a difficult time getting past. The result was that servers looked annoyed if anyone got up for any reason, and I nearly got rammed with trays of food several times while waiting, and after we were seated. One waitress was actually pushing in people's stools at the bar to help clear the path for servers, not in a polite "sorry, would youmind?" sort of way, but in a bustling "you're in the way!" manner, without even saying anything first. One woman, taken unawares, almost fell off her stool, and understandably gave the server a dirty look. The server seemed not to notice, and repeated the procedure with the woman's date, and several other customers. There is a sign on the wall that says "Welcome to the chaos" -- I think it is supposed to seem charming and ironic, but when the restaurant actually *is* chaotic, the sign is neither charming nor ironic. 4) Food quality. The atmosphere basically ruined our meal. The food was good, not great. In fact, we ordered oysters, and one of them was bad. The server didn't even ask why an oyster had been chewed and spit back into the shell. The pasta was average, and the soup was nothing special. It was definitely not worth it, and I wished we had walked away in the very beginning like that other group had.
Why We Sadly Can't Return to Sotto Mare:1) Due to memories of tasty clam chowder and cioppino with pasta we returned to Sotto Mare last night.2) We were seated downstairs and then saw water pouring from the exit sign in the ceiling. (Turned out to be a burst pipe and of course not the restaurant's fault.)3) After walking upstairs and seeing BOTH bathrooms blocked off, we realized the water was coming from the bathrooms.4) Instead of IMMEDIATELY evacuating the downstairs area, they tried to shift us over to other tables.5) Water started to drip out of 3 additional areas from the ceiling and the floor was very slippery.6) Eventually, we were ushered out of the room. Instead of walking through the front (where other customers likely had no clue what was going on) we were hustled out the side door into an alley.7) Unfortunately Sotto Mare's cioppino, can't wash out the bad taste of a poor handling of a slippery situation.
Came in with sky-high expectations and Sotto Mare delivered. Unbelievable place and, most importantly, incredible food. Came here for my birthday with my girlfriend, after wanting to visit for quite some time. Being a Monday, we lucked out and only had to wait about 10 minutes for a table. We started off with some baccala; I've never had baccala before so I don't have a true gauge here but I thought it was very well done, just enough salt and worked in nicely to a savory spread on our sourdough bread. Next was the reason we came: the fabled cioppino--in short, it was amazing. We split it between the two of us and it lives up to the claim of San Francisco's best. The fish was cooked perfectly--tender and juicy--which can be difficult in a stew like cioppino. I was also happy to see that there tons of it in the stew, it was teeming with scallops, shrimp, mussels, clam, crab legs, etc. Let's also not forget about the element that bring it all together--the broth. Wow, it was unreal. One of the best, if not the best, broth I've ever had. The perfect consistency and spectacular flavor; spiced just right but not enough to overpower the fish. I took a picture of the dish but it does no justice for how truly delicious the meal is; it has to be experienced. The atmosphere was just the icing on the cake. Obviously a big old school, nautical feel with pictures and big fish effigies hanging from all corners of the walls. Normally that kind of thing feels kitschy or touristy but it's pulled off nicely here and makes you feel comfortable. It's a small place and the kitchen is right behind the counter so you can see, smell, and hear all the awesome stuff they have going on back there. Overall a very casual but very classy ambiance. Some great classic Motown music capped off one of the best dining experiences I've had here in San Francisco.A+ If you like seafood, it's a must.
Not that this place needs another review....Cioppinno is SO good. Staff are very nice and friendly.
I don't know what all the hype is about... but I don't think Sotto Mare is worth its reputation.First of all the restaurant is TINY. They don't honor reservations on time so you have to wait. But the waiting area is really small. They try to pacify you with some "free" wine, but it's been open so long I don't think anyone should be drinking it. The upstairs had no room for us, so they took us downstairs, which is really dim and dingy. The service was really bad. Our waitress was really loud and obnoxious. Let's not even talk about food. I don't think anything was actually fresh...
I am so disappointed in this restaurant that we were truly looking forward to. We went Thursday evening at 6:00 p.m. feeling relatively stress free having just found great parking in North Beach. When we got there, the hostess asked if we made reservations which we did not. She said there was nothing available. I told her I called and that someone told me reservations were not available for a party of 3. She then said we could sit at the counter. We wanted a table and I asked how long that wait would be. She then relented and said we could eat downstairs. We proceeded to the empty dungeon (you would think a restaurant that has been around that long would have a more appealing downstairs area to eat in). Our waitress and busboy were efficient. The three of us shared the seafood louie salad. It was good but there was not enough salad dressing to go around so requested more. My daughter and I shared the clams. There was nothing special about them. The sauce was ordinary, clams small...My husband had the cioppino. Half of it was filled with penne pasta. There was no punch to the sauce. The worst cioppino ever!  When we left there were plenty of empty tables in the dungeon. To think that the hostess would have turned away because we did not have a reservation. We should probably have not walked in with her attitude for starters. We will not be back!
Wow. These yelp reviews are right on. The ambiance is really nice but what is just terrific. Six stars really! Is the crab cioppino. Run. Don't walk to try it. It is a huge portion but they do such a great job on the spicy and flavorful sauce as well as the well done crab. The calamari is well done and the pasta is really nicely done. U can feel the tradition in the place. The chowder was good and the clam linguini is good. But it's to is about the cioppino :-)
My family and I came to Sotto Mare on a friday night. Good thing we made a reservation cause even though we came in at 8pm it was still so packed! (make a reservation esp for big parties!! the place is small and crowded but does have additional dining rooms downstairs) We were seated in a small dining room downstairs with other large parties and it was definitely loud, kind of hard to hold conversation but it was fine for the family. Our server alerted us right away that she was also tending to a party of 19 and apologized in advance if her service was a little splotchy. I thought she still did great! and it was plus for the heads up! :) Now, on to the food, we ordered the cioppino (obviously!), the seafood risotto, the seafood linguini, the clam steamers and the prawn cocktail. The appetizers came out pretty quickly for how busy it was. The prawn cocktail was okay. nothing extraordinary but you can't really mess up a prawn cocktail (it was fresh though!) and the clam steamer was pretty good. lots of clams, but a little salty for my taste. (**side note: I was not a huge fan of their bread. It was warm or doughy enough. If you like hard and crusty then you'll like sotto mare's bread. I just thought it wasn't ideal if you're using that as a vehicle to sop up amazing sauces and soup.) Our entrees came out maybe 10 mins after we've finished our appetizers and everything was good. Didn't look like much for 5 people but everything was so filling! The pasta was a little heavy for my taste but they definitely don't skimp on the seafood. Same with the risotto. Cioppino was pretty good. I think I've had better though. Not sure how I felt about the penne in there. I felt like it doesn't really need it. Overall Sotto Marre is a good place to experience and try but be prepared for the splurge! (and wear loose jeans...or sweats. I won't judge. )
Let's just get to the Point, this restaurants Service, Food and Feel just worked for me.... I am Amazed by the Freshness and Beauty of their food. Oysters on a half shell Fantastic! Halibut Amazing! Muscles and Clam Linguine w/white sauce Just Wow! Clam Chowder was the Best I have ever had! Crab and Shrimp cocktails a Freshness was to die for! Ok Now I'm done... Now you go try it for yourself ...
Wow that was an impressive meal. We got the ciopinno for two and that was unbelievable. Packed with dungeoness crab scallops clams mussels calamari with a great red sauce over penne pasta. House red was good and a great value. Server got it right and left us alone to embellish in our food.
As is desired of all fine Italian restaurants, this place makes you feel comfortable as with family, and also like you are in an exotic foreign retreat. I loved the plastered wall with family photos, vintage posters, knick knacks, and other nautical keep sakes. The food was superb. I wanted to have a custom meal and they were happy to provide! I asked for the mixed shellfish with penn pasta and an olive oil sauce. It was great! Plus, I asked them which wine would go well with my custom meal, and they know exactly. Very intelligent staff. I also enjoyed the open kitchen so I could see the chefs at work and watch as they enjoyed their profession. This is definitely a great place to go for anyone. I saw families, dates, single people, children, all looking for a relaxing afternoon.
Rich and the team bang out amazing food in their neighborhood hot spot. We sampled 6 items from their menu and hit 100%. Awesome place, just call ahead or be prepared to hang out and wait for. Spot at the bar. SIT AT THE BAR!!
The wait is long, so prepare to wait unless you are a party greater than 2 or 3? Then you can make reservations.My boyfriend and I came here last night because I was craving cioppino and they have a cioppino for two served in a huge silver cauldron that resembles the Stanley cup. We waited about 2 hours, but we took their pager to notify us and we walked around little Italy and perused the shops. The time passed by rather quickly. We checked back in a little early and the matre d comped us both glasses of wine. He was really friendly and definitely kept updating our waiting time. We were seated at the bar in front of the wash crew and they were extremely charming! They were all in sync singing their favorite songs.Fast forward, we receive our dish and boy did it meet all our expectations! It was packed with all sorts of perfectly cooked seafood. It had squid, shrimp, baby scallops, oysters, clams and the most succulent crab!!! The tomato broth was amazing and a perfect balance of sweet and tart. Definitely will be my go to place for cioppino again!There was enough to fill both our bellies and enough for lunch for one the next day, which I gladly lapped up!!
if you haven't had the crab chapino it's a must along with everything else eat here and you'll be happy!!!!
good cioppino, oysters, clams steamer and chowder. we had to sit downstairs b/c their front entrance was packed but it worked out- not as blaringly loud. saw them turn away a small party so was quite glad i'd made the ressies. bread is good. cocktails were ok- we got the peach bellini. no desserts they told us and we then climbed upstairs to exit when we saw a bunch of dessert menus! that was weird...
Best restaurant in SF. Must get the cioppino and request a table upstairs. Awesome ambiance and food can't get any better.
This place was awesome. Cioppino + Branzino at our table was amazing. The atmosphere was perfecto. The dress was casual and relaxed. Awesome all around!
Seriously, the best Cioppino in SF!!! Service was excellent, and food was the bomb!!
Food: 5 starsHopping on the bandwagon here! I don't eat cioppino too often, but now I crave it every week. They generously stuff the bowl with as much seafood as they can! I don't normally like clams or oysters, but damn I just ate it all because it was that good. My dinner was interesting because I was also really tipsy. I took their offer of free wine while I waited and had too much on an empty stomach (which for me is one glass....) The best part was the crab!! Ask for crab crackers so it's easier to pick apart the crab legs. :)Service: 3 starsThe lady up front who takes your name is a little rude... I heard her snap back at another customer. During my meal I felt like I had to wave people down to get more water/crab crackers/the check. Also, don't worry about getting your clothes dirty, they give you a bib!Would come back!
Walk up and you'll find a wait, which you know it's good. Take the wait and you'll be rewarded!!!Had the linguine with seafood! Wonderful! Three or more can make reservations.
This place was amazing, the food was fresh, the ambiance was perfect for friend s and family. This place is considered San Fransisco best kept secret. I highly recommend it if you are in the area.
The self-declared "Best damn cioppino" is no overstatement - get it. It says it's for two but if I'm really hungry I can eat the whole thing (not because it's small at all, it's actually huge, I just can't get enough delicious seafood). Oysters are huge and a great price at $1.50 each for west coasters. Definitely a top seafood destination.
Hit the spot for seafood linguine (I think it was linguine, at least) with a white wine sauce. My mother loved it. Classic, simple and fresh ingredients and preparation. Prices are reasonable for the quality of seafood. I like the open kitchen that cranks out dishes pretty quickly.
A fantastic find, located in the quaint North Beach section of SF. With marine decor and collectibles reflecting the diversity of this SF neighborhood , the atmosphere is warming and welcoming. The seafood is untouchable, surprisingly fresh and accompanied by pared down sauces which bring the quality of the ingredients to the forefront. Try the scallops and prawns as well as their notorious crab cioppino.
One of my coworkers mentioned Sotto Mare was one of her favorite Italian restaurants in the city and an absolute must when in San Francisco. I had some last minute out of town guests and thought it would be the perfect opportunity to try it out, so I called to make a reservation and hoped they could squeeze us in. Initially the restaurant told us they were booked solid for the night but would be able to accommodate our party as soon as the restaurant opened. Luckily, an early meal wasn't a problem for us, and we showed up at 5pm just before the rush.We started off with half dozen each of the east coast and west coast oysters and quickly ordered an additional round - they were so fresh and absolutely delicious! Next we ordered two rounds of the seafood risotto, lobster ravioli and the lemon caper butter sole, and I highly recommend all three. The risotto dish was piled high with seafood, and I was pleasantly surprised at the variety. The lobster ravioli was rich and creamy, and there wasn't a bite of sole leftover.We had a great experience at Sotto Mare, and you will too. This cozy restaurant is the perfect start to a wonderful Saturday evening.
This restaurant has the classic small San Francisco restaurant vibe to it, where the bar seating has the best view to the kitchen and allows direct interaction with the prep cooks and chef(s) that are preparing various orders. That being said, it is a small restaurant and the wait can become a bit long; so be sure to make reservations or to come at a time that is not "rush hour."I found the staff to be direct in letting you know what they can or cannot do, give realistic wait times, and occasionally offer some "San Franciscan banter" on current/loval events. I definitely appreciate this, as they leave little room for confusion.Their crab cioppino was very good. It is definitely large enough to feed two people. The tomato based sauce/broth was well seasoned and was enhanced by the various seafood that added a rich brininess, which reminded me of the sea. The seafood components which comprised of mussels, clams, calamari, and crab were all perfectly cooked. I would have liked to have had an additional spice component to really "wake things up," but it was still very good.The seafood linguini was good, as the linguini was cooked al dente. It had a cream sauce that was also enhanced by the seafood. The linguini seafood components varied from mussels, clams, calamari, shrimp, and bay scallops; and were all nicely cooked. Unfortunately, the cream sauce was a bit too heavy, which overpowered the delicate seafood. Definitely a good spot to come with a couple friends that like seafood. The cioppino is definitely a must order, as it is their signature entree. Due to the portion sizes, most entrees on the menu are definitely shareable.
Sotto Mare isn't a good place for a first date. You'll end up more enamored with your bowl of pasta than with the person you're dining with. So really, this review isn't about the boy who was sitting across the table from me and how we gazed into each other's eyes. This review is a love letter to my fettuccine with bay scallops and white sauce.My fettuccine came in this beautiful deep white plate, and from the first bite, I completely abandoned all conversation. The scallops were plentiful and so flavorful. The pasta was perfect. And the sauce...I could write an entire review about that sauce. After the pasta was gone, I used the remainder of our bread and soaked up all the creamy, garlicy goodness that was left at the bottom of my plate. Afterwards, all I wanted to do was lie down and dream about my pasta. This isn't a romantic spot. Not because Sotto Mare isn't an adorable little spot, because it is. The service is great. Everything is great. But you'll fall in love with your food and want to food coma afterwards, and your breath will reek of garlic. Don't say I didn't warn you.
I can now agree with many other reviewers that they have the best cioppino! I'm not even a fan of shellfish but my husband and I finished the whole thing! The serving was just enough for two to share. It was a 20min wait because we didn't have reservations on a Friday night around 6pm so it wasn't that bad. The place was crowded but it felt so home-y and the owners serve you as well!
It's hard to beat a Campari soda w/ brandy float at G + C with all the old N Beach guys (no techies in sight for once, thank GOD) around 6.30 take the plastic lobster with ya, then when it lites up you go next door to a round of fresh West Coast oysters + short carafe of bianco dell casa + beautiful Petrale sole at the marble bar at Gigi's with Miss Kitty. Had a Victoria P cannolo for dessert. FANTASTICO VI AMO TUTTI TANTO!!! This place gives all the latecomers a real last good taste of local N Beach
Went for the first time and had their ciopinno. OMG was it good! My husband and I shared it and didn't need any further dishes, although I wanted to order the sand dabs or another fish since they looked amazing. We went on a Wednesday, mid afternoon and had no wait, which is probably why I waited to go. The ciopinno was delicious and I would wait in line for it. Get a dish that was created in San Francisco and is made with the best quality ingredients. All those elements are put together perfectly and in a delicious tomato broth.
Best Italian seafood restaurant in SF. The cioppino is amazing here but my favorite is the seafood linguini with red sauce. It's all very healthy portions of fresh seafood. Expect a long wait if you don't have a reservation. The hosts tend to be abrupt since the place is always packed and they need to get people in and out. However, once you're seated, they are super nice and attentive.
This place was awesome! We were visiting the city and a local told us to check it out so we went late (9pm) on a Monday night. We had a group of 5 and the line was out the door. The lady asked if we minded siting out side (we didn't) so we got a table right away. The food was excellent. 1 couple orderd a large bowl dish that is to be shared and 2 of us ordered a large seafood/pasta dish that was ridiculously good. The couple we were with had gotten engaged that morning and the owner actually came out and popped open some champagne and shared a free glass with all of us. Def a must!
Just the start of a long love affair with Sotto Mare. Its THE Seafood Heaven of SF!!Came for dinner at 8 pm on a Friday night without reservation. Being the peak dinner time, too many people crashed in at the same time. So they had to close taking in more people after us. Luckily we got in the waiting for about 45mins!While waiting in line, we were offered complimentary glass of wine, choice of red/white. Nice gesture. This definitely helped the wait seem not so long!Ambiance - Very casualOnce seated, served with complimentary bread and butter.We ordered:1. Cracked crab half, $14 - Fresh meat!2. Smoked salmon fettuchini, $17 - In every bite could taste the smokey flavor of salmon in the sauce! Well balanced. 3. Seafood risotto, $21 - Seafood heaven! Rich in variety without skimping on seafood, and the risotto perfectly cooked. Tips: Make sure you have a reservation first.Next on my bucketlist is to try their most talked about "cioppino"!
The food at Sotto Mare was spectacular. I had the seafood risotto and it was perfectly cooked. The service was okay. The waitress didn't offer us desert and seemed to be in a hurry to get rid of us. It's okay, we ended up in a great Italian pastry shop nearby and had the best pastries and coffee ever.
Friends and I were staying in downtown SF and asked a hotel worker for "best casual" restaurant in SF. He said Sotto Mare. So we went. We were greeted immediately by Laura and her best friend and made to feel like we were the most important people in the entire restaurant! Seated almost immediately and had Tiffany for a waitress. She is warm, funny, and knows EVERYTHING on the menu, inside and out. She also made us feel like we were the ONLY table in the place, even though we were not. A few minutes later we met Richie (Laura's husband) the owner. Who greeted us, spoke with us and also walked us through "what not to miss" Sand Dabs, Chioppini (spelling?) and Clam Chowder. It was everything and more...! I love food, and I am high maintenance (my wife will attest) but when I find a gem w/ GREAT food and GREAT staff, I write about it....(and don't forget the west coast oysters!)Cannot wait to visit again.
I'm in love. Make a reservation and order the cioppino and you'll be happy. The fettuccini was a good option for those in our group who aren't a fan of seafood- but that was the only option. But really, after eating here, everyone will love seafood.
Cioppino was super legit just like everyone else has said in these reviews. Full of dungeness crab, mussels, squid, and penne goodness. Nothing better if youre a seafood junkie like me. Use the bread to soak it all up. Good amount to split between two.
My one of favorite seafood dish is chioppino , so I always order that dish at any Italian restaurant, but this place's chioppino is one of the best!!!!Good size for 2 or 3, and we also order their risotto always.
No complaints about our experience here. The bf and I walked over from Pier 33 after our Alcatraz adventure, and we were pretty much famished. We were promptly seated outside and overall service was good. We ordered the cioppino, and it was exactly what we were craving, a huge tub of hot seafood and some pasta underneath. The broth was very flavorful, not just salty, and I loved the variety of seafood.The one star dinged is from the hotel entrance that was exactly behind our table. Random people kept walking through.
Great food, great ambiance, friendly staff. A little loud and not fancy but worth the meal. The cioppino for two was amazing! Brought us back to Italy! What a gem. Check it out.
My wife says "one of the best meals I've ever had." Loved the cioppino- really as good as they say. Wine selection- meh. But the food was great. Would come back for the cioppino.
In SanFran you must stop here. An old school seafood establishment. Simple and very good. Just good people who really enjoy their jobs. Atmosphere is wonderful and small.
This is an old school Italian seafood place. It's North Beach, so parking is a nightmare, but no surprise there. If you're coming from out of town be prepared. The wait was about an hour as we didn't have reservations. They gave us free wine while we waited at the tables out front, so waiting was really part of the dining experience, and not a big deal.Sand dabs were excellent, Crab Louis was pretty good but old school with shredded lettuce and Thousand Island-like dressing, and the chefs seafood linguine was fine, but not stellar. Service was outstanding, and we had a very nice time overall. I don't know that Id go back regularly as I don't live in the neighborhood, and am not a fan of looking for parking, BUT, if I lived nearby, I'd be a regular, as I have a thing about sand dabs.
Came here for Friday lunch so I didn't experience much of a wait. Great ambiance, outstanding inexpensive wines, fresh delicious reasonably-priced Italian seafood (loved the Cioppino) . Service could be more attentive, but they are friendly. Would definitely go back.
Mehhh. This is one of those highly rated restaurants on Yelp, that I was just not impressed with. Located in one of SF's highly touristy areas, Sotto Mare did not have that vibe to it. Even on a Wednesday, there was a bit of a wait for just two people. The hostess was lovely and was really considerate to make sure the customers are comfortable. Most of the larger tables were reserved, so my friend and I sat at the bar, in front of their open kitchen. We came here only to try the cioppino, since it's called the "Best Damn Crab Cioppino." We also ordered a bowl of clam chowder to share because we wanted to try one more thing on the menu. The chowder was really good. Nice and chunky with a lot of ingredients, but it was not too thick either. For a whopping $41, the cioppino had a ton of seafood in it. A great amount of crab that had a great amount of meat. Although a cioppino is all about the seafood, to me, it's about the sauce or broth. The broth at Sotto Mare's was super bland and did not have much flavor. It literally just tasted like cooked tomatoes. For the price, the amount of seafood is generous, but it just lacked the flavor I was looking for.I would love to come back to try one of their pasta dishes or the risotto because it did look delish when other people ordered it!
If you have a chance to eat here - GO! We took our family and ate curbside out front. The service was great and the food was UH.MA.ZING. Truly well made dishes that weren't overly complex but were well balanced and flavorful and the portions are huge. Our children loved the food as much as we did and no kids menu was involved :). The staff was accommodating and made us feel very welcome and at home. We have talked about when we can come back because we loved it so much! The Cioppino was the best we've ever and the smoked salmon alfredo was wonderful as well. Bread...drinks...all good!
I came here for lunch. This is second times for meal. Last time i had good experience dinner here just the queue was too long. Cinpino taste good.  The oysters were clean and big. I tried a lot oyster bars. This oyster restaurant, the price is fair enough. So far food were fresh and excellent customer service. I definitely will come back again.
This place offers great food, outstanding hospitality, decent prices, and a hilarious singalong close to closing time with all the upstairs patrons having fun. I will never forget that song!I was on a low-carb kick, and my son and I wanted to share the cioppino. The waitress offered to put the pasta on the side and offered him his choice of pasta. So very kind! The cioppino itself arrived in what seemed to be a never-ending pan of the freshest seafood ever. The sand dabs were magnificent and plentiful. The clam chowder contains the only meat on the entire menu (bacon as an accent). This was truly a night to remember.
Great. Oysters and scallops. Very busy Saturday night with great service and delicious seafood.
I called a few days ahead to reserve this table for 6. When we go there, there was a line! We saw lots seafood dishes and ended up with the ultimate cioppino, seafood risotto, scallops and linguini! By far the best risotto I've had and my first cioppino was pretty memorable! One thing I noticed when I was there and it was it's changing ownership! I hope the cook and recipes remain the same!
This is an excellent place to go in San Francisco for food. The open-kitchen design is great. While the establishment is small, they do take reservations and they do have bar-style seating. Had the seafood linguini: Perfectly cooked pasta, a great red sauce, and an excellent assortment of seafood including mussels, shrimp, clams, scallops, and squid.
I loved the cioppino. I'm not sure if they are self proclaimed "best cioppino" but it doesn't matter because it really is the best. So much food for 2 people and totally worth the price. Lots of crab, mussels, clams, shrimp and calamari. The tomato broth is delicious. It was terrific!!
Good place. You must like sea food to enjoy it. Some great family style dishes. My sea food pasta was heavenly!
My wife and I found this gem while browsing yelp for some good places to eat. We ordered the oyster shooters and they were amazing. Lauren said, "they already had me at the clamato." The flavor was spot on. We split -- and I highly recommend -- the mussels steamer. That broth is magic! It's enough to fill one person but we wanted to try different items. A+We also split the lobster ravioli. There were 6 large ravioli in a creamy tomato sauce. It was very good. A+The ambience is very cool. I recommend sitting at the bar and watch them cook. The music is old school Frankie Valle style. We love this place.
We missed it during our last trip to SF due to a large group. My friend raved so much about their cioppino so we gotta check it out. We ordered their "Best Damn Cioppino" with linguine and sand dabs specials. The cioppino was large enough for 2 of us and the flavor was spot on. It's so flavorful and the seafood were so great! We also enjoyed the Pan-fried sand dabs fillets, it's quite interesting and tasty even though it's a bit bland after having the cioppino itself. The restaurant is located within Little Italy and definitely small. The service is a bit slow, we had to go call the waitress when we're ready to order. Maybe it's due to the fact that we sat outside in the far left corner so they forgot about us? Other than that, we enjoyed the food overall and will definitely come back again.
Foodwise, it was excellent !!! The Choppino was indeed excelent, and the fish we ordered was very good! But the hostest was very unpleasent, and personally, I hate this kind of fake politeness: it really bothers me. I advise people to make a reservation, or to make clear from the start that you don't mind sitting outside.
I was on a mission to find a comforting large pot of Cioppino and came across Sotto Mare. We were pleasantly greeted by the hostess who offered us glasses of red wine while we were waiting to be seated. Along with the cioppino we ordered the steamed mussels, clams, and linguine. Everything was very fresh and well-made. I love the location of this place as you can just walk around afterwards and bar hop along Columbus.
Loved their Smoked Salmon Fettuccine! So good!
After spending the day at the North Beach Festival, it was only appropriate to grab some dinner at Sotto Mare. It's been on my bookmarks list for awhile so I was happy to finally try them out.We were warmly welcomed and offered free glasses of red wine from the owner. She was so sweet! After about 10 minutes, we were seated at the bar. We knew we wanted to try the cioppino but I also ordered the linguine with a pomodoro sauce. We also ordered the wedge salad which came with tomatoes and bleu cheese dressing.Wedge Salad w/ Bleu Cheese dressing ($8) - extremely fresh and tasty! We both loved the bleu cheese dressing and overall it was a great starter.Linguine w/ Pomodoro sauce ($12/$8 for half) - I LOVE linguine and I love fresh tomato sauce, and Sotto Mare did not disappoint! I loved the chunks of tomato and the fresh garlic taste. It's a huge plate so it's also good for sharing.Cioppino ($38) - Sotto Mare says that they have the "Best Damn Cioppino in San Francisco" and I have to agree with them. It smells and looks amazing and tastes even better. The seafood was fresh and the cioppino was filled with clams, mussels, crab, etc. and served with a tomato sauce. My boyfriend especially loved that there was penne pasta at the bottom. It's best for two people but if you have a big appetite, one person can finish it!I loved everything about our dinner at Sotto Mare - quality seafood, great service, friendly patrons, all in a welcoming atmosphere. Can't wait to go back!
Maybe we should've had the cioppino that everyone has raved about, but that's not usually the kind of dish I go for. We ordered the lobster ravioli from the special menu. It was a huge plate of them, and though I thought they were all right they didn't knock my socks off. If you want parmesan cheese, be sure to ask for it. They're not going to ask you if you'd like some!They don't take reservations for less than three people, so the hostess put our party of two on a waiting list and said it would be 45 min to 1 hour, almost as though she was trying to discourage us. She pointed to the list of names ahead of us and to the list of people with reservations and said they all would be seated before us. It was almost as though we were being chastised for not having a reservation, so I confirmed, "but you don't take reservations for two people, do you?" and she agreed that they don't. So we happily took our lobster pager and went to the bar next door (Columbus Cafe - a great place BTW) to wait. It was 1 1/4 hours before we were seated. It definitely was an experience to be there! We were seated at the counter and got to see everything! The hostess and servers had a certain attitude about them: the restaurant is quite well-rated, and the staff act like they know it. They had this "this is how we are" attitude; take it or leave it! I'm glad we went, but I don't know that we'll go again.
Five stars for the place that has turned me into an oyster convert! Before Sotto Mare I just wasn't a fan of those slimy devils but one dinner changed my silly ways. Our group of three was hungry so naturally we ordered as if we were a group of six. We dined on a dozen West coast oysters, linguine with Manila clams, cioppino, mussel steamers, a bowl of chowder and the sea scallop saut. The oysters were fresh and I didn't have the knee-jerk reaction of a reverse swallow as compared to my previous oyster attempts. Beyond tolerating them, I found myself genuinely declaring "these are really good!" to my two friends who were glad I finally got on the oyster train. The generously portioned cioppino lived up to the hype and we (let's be real, mostly myself) scraped every bit of it from the bowl. The scallops were dope as well as the linguine. Do make a reservation as this place gets crazy busy. Even with a reservation, you won't be seated until your entire party is present. Service was excellent and super thoughtful for passing out those bibs. Because you know, adults easily convert into toddlers with poor fine motor skills when provided with saucy seafood dishes and crustaceans to crack open.
Tied for best Cioppino in town.Gigi is a great, hospitable host.I've taken most of my out of town guests here at least once.The sauteed sand dabs are my favorite alternative dish, but you have to get Cioppino. You just have to. Especially if you haven't had it before. Once you are a seasoned vet, you can debate about the seafood mix, the broth, and especially the pasta vs. rice vs. toast. I was initially not a fan of the pasta, but I've come around to it thanks to Gigi's warm reception and her waitress's sassy, almost acerbic banter.
One of my favorite restaurants in the city. The Pesto Penne and Sand Dabs are delicious. Prices are very reasonable.
Not sure what everyone is raving about this place for on here....I would have given 0 or -1 star if I could. The servers were running back and forth as was the bus boy. It was weird. Hire more staff???Seriously it was pretty bad. As for extra bread didn't receive it after asking for it. I asked for Parmesan cheese and didn't receive it either. She brings out the clam chowder and just leaves it at the table in the front side. Just overall rude service or perhaps she was too busy stressed out with too many tables. Will not be going back. Far better places to eat in SF than here if you must. Avoid the place if you can and take your money else where. Only left her a tip because I felt sorry for her. Also put an a/c, it's hot in there. I'm sure they make enough money to afford one.
My husband has raved about Cioppino for  as long as I can remember. I unfortunately have never been able to eat it because I have a fin fish allergy. I can eat shellfish, though. The co owner, A lovely lady with long blonde hair, said they could accommodate my allergy and they would make a special dish just for me. She talked to the chef who said instead of fish base, he would use clam broth. I was apprehensive because my allergy is quite serious. Not only did the chef tell me that he had used clam broth he, he showed me the can! Needless to say, I was very happy. The Cioppino was absolutely delicious it. It was loaded with shellfish, Shrimp, mussels ,clams ,crab, squid, and the broth was divine! We sopped up the broth with wonderful sourdough. My husband was so happy. He was dreaming of Cioppino ,and I was delighted with my first experience with this dish.I also want to comment on the outstanding clam chowder. It was the only clam chowder I've ever had that contained more clams than potatoes!The service was great, friendly, and attentive. Do not hesitate to try this restaurant out.
I will nerver ever recommend my clients and friends to Sotto Mare again. I send many of my clients and customers to Sotto Mare before.  Today my friends from Hawaii and I were discriminated with racism action from Sotto Mare staffs. By two staff females one middle age lady and one young girl. I couldn't believe it I was so embarrassed front of my Hawaii friends.My friends from Maui Hawaii they are sweet and wonderful Aloha ladies. I first went in to Sotto Mare and my friends followed me in. Then the older female front desk staff pushed my friends and gave stink eyes. Then she said ,"" Will if u move I can do my job" then she looked at me and said "u and who else?" My friends were right front of her face so I said 4 people please. Then she took us all the way back near the restroom table. Soon as we sat down she said," u guys have 1.5 hrs to eat" then she walked away. My friends didn't wanted to set near the restroom so we asked male staff can we move little up the front please he said sure no one is here but u guys now and we sat closer to the front. Then the same female staff came said, " Why u guys moved - now u guys have 1 hour to eat not 1.5 hours. We were speechless. I told the staff u are rude then another young female came and said if u don't like it u don't have to eat our food. So we walked out but shocking was what they said as we walked out. They said, " People like Them have no manners and class". Woah you kidding me it's like back in those days telling blk people ride the bus in the back only and eat in the bathroom. What century are they from??!!!???
Everything we ordered- cioppino, sand dabs, seafood linguini &clams came out perfect! We came back 3x within a month. You have to be there to experience it. Sotto Mare is now our most favorite Italian restaurant!
Tonight I went back to Sotto Mare for the third time over the past six years as I can't come to SF from SoCal without stopping here. It's small, charming, and you feel like you are part of their family when you eat here. On previous occasions, we have had the fresh oysters, sand dabs, and fettucini with scallops. Every dish is excellent and the portions are always generous. I however, always order the cioppino. My friend and I split one order which is enough for two big appetites. It's loaded with clams, crab, calamari, mussels, and scallops in a divine tomato sauce. Each time it's better than the last! Tonight, I came to the realization that if I only had one more meal on this great earth, this would be it.
So much seafood! I've tried:* Oysters - $1.50-$2.50 depending on oyster* Oyster cocktails - $2.50-$3.50 depending on oyster* Steamed clams - $19* Grilled sand dabs - $19* Cioppino - $38. Serves 2 people. The broth was rich in tomato flavor and delicious. The crab meat was tender. Generous helpings of shrimp, squid, small octopus, mussels, and clams.The bread is crusty and not very good. The wine is mediocre and served in glasses too small to properly aerate it. Sotto Mare is somewhat busy and somewhat touristy, but welcome to your average North Beach Italian restaurant. Sitting at the bar offers a good view of the food preparation. Service can be a bit brusque.
I went to Sotto Mare for the first time a few weeks ago when my parents were visiting. Since we had to wait a little bit longer than expected, Richard the owner, gave us all a complimentary glass of wine and chatted with us while we wait. He absolutely loves his restaurant and tries his best to make everyone feel at home. Beyond such a great service we received, the food was amazing. We started with the clams/mussels steamers and ended with the cioppino. Everything was fresh and homemade. It had a true authentic Italian taste. The food was so delicious, my husband and I decided to to our anniversary there. Again, Richard made us feel at home by sitting us at a great location and getting us in earlier than expected. The cioppino was better the second time than the first. I have no idea how that was possible. I do have to say there is one rude waitress there, we have not had her yet, but the rest of the staff seems accommodating. Def a must try!
I was in the mood for more of San Francisco's fine seafood so I was compelled to come here by many positive reviews. The line of people out from on a Thursday evening, and the Carrera marble bar-top told me that this place was serious (the Tony Bennett picture as well). We were led through the seemingly small dining area down into the cellar to our table which made me at once feel like I was in a scene from Goodfellas and that I might see a rat. I was there for the "best damn crab cioppino" but the portion size and lack of someone willing to share it made me choose the linguini with seafood instead. The sauce was not described, but being from New Jersey I assumed a "red" or "white" sauce would be the option. I also assumed that white sauce means a non-cream, white wine based sauce. I was wrong on all accounts with disappointing results. The seafood was very fresh, flavorful and properly cooked as was the pasta. But the sauce. I just felt bad for that seafood, having to share the plate with that pale flavor assassin. I definitely take some of the blame here for making assumptions...lesson learned. The next time I'm on the West coast, I'll inquire about the contents of that white sauce.
This place not only gets five stars, but it goes down on my list of "best meals ever." Not surprisingly, we went with the what they are known for: The Seafood Cippino: a huge bowl of tomato-brothy, seafood goodness, served with a few slices of Italian bread to sop up the sauce. (Okay, actually it was more like a whole loaf, but whatever.) My husband, who self admittedly is a carnivore and doesn't think a meal is a meal without red meat, gorged himself on this meal in a way that may have scarred me for life. We were seated at the counter overlooking the kitchen and we thoroughly enjoyed watching the chefs' bustle. It was amazing the awesome-ness that came out of such a small kitchen with limited ingredients. While this isn't "fine dining" it's GOOD dining, and sometimes that's even better. P.S. Don't be scared of the bib. Wear it. If you don't get messy eating this meal, then you aren't doing it right.
Go for the Cioppino. No complaints. Food, service, cleanliness, A+. I would definitely return when visiting San Francisco.
Service was a little hostile. I had asked for the Sourdough bread to be reheated as cold pre-dinner bread is never a pleasant feeling. But food was not bad.Started off with steamed mussels. They were good, but steamed mussels are an easy crowd pleaser, so I was not thoroughly impressed, though they were pleasant to pick at with the house chardonnay on our outdoor seating.Next came our 2 dozen west coast oysters on the half shell and steamed crab. Crab was good--served cold and delicious with salt and some lemon juice, though I did not enjoy the presentation, crushed and dumped over a layer of green lettuce--soggy. Oysters were good too; not the flat type. They were small and sweet, fantastic with the horseradish. We finished off with Risotto--I liked. Slightly bland, but shrimp is good touch. Must have some parmesan with, although I was disappointed to find that they had no freshly shaved/ground parmesan--green plastic bottle kraft parmesan was provided in a tin bowl, which wasn't fooling anybody, really.Overall a pleasant experience as the weather in SF that day was beautiful and I had some fantastic company. Not sure whether I would return before taking a look at Fog House first, unless I come back just for some Cioppino (i had gone to sotto mare and did not order their famous Ciopinno...sad) but this is a nice place to sit down for some chill seafood in a cute neighborhood.
Everyone is right. The cioppino is amazing. I was living in SF for a bit, and a friend originally from the area recommended the restaurant to me. I would absolutely recommend going with a friend/partner and splitting the cioppino. I actually haven't had anything else there, but I am sure everything else is good as well.I wouldn't normally give 5 stars for one outstanding dish, but what really sets this place apart is the awesome customer service. We arrived without a reservation, expecting to wait awhile to be seated, and even though we were OK with waiting they went above and beyond to make sure we were comfortable. They had told us it was going to be 20 minutes to wait, which isn't long at all, and they gave us free house wine, bread, set us up at the bar, everything. The good service continued into the meal. I would absolutely go back.Unless you're OK waiting, make sure you have a reservation because this place is SMALL.
This is one of the best Italian/Seafood places that we have ever been to. The location is great in the Little Italy district of San Francisco. Everything was extremely fresh, from the pasta, to the shrimp and bread. Great beer on tap. The place is a bit on the small side, although they do have some outdoor seating. We chose to sit outside and it was absolutely beautiful. We attempted to come back here during our next trip to the city, but they were closed. Bummer!
Love Italian! Love seafood! Sotto Mare totally hit the spot.This was one of the first places I ate at in San Francisco and set the bar pretty high for any other Italian restaurants that I was to visit after this. It was a gorgeous day, it was the day I fell in love with San Francisco! We had reservations so we were seated immediately. Remember it being a sunny winter afternoon and we started with the most delicious clam chowder! It was rich and creamy and so flavorful. The main course was amazing too and everything tasted so fresh and delightfully tasty!Excellent service, which made the dining experience all the more memorable. Haven't been back in a while but looking forward to going back really soon.
Excellent and so cosy! The seafood was really good and so much more locals than the touristy part at fishermans wharf. We shared a crab and the seafood risotto and they were excellent! The staff is friendly and the service is good. Can strongly recommend it! We didn't have a reservation and waited 30 min for a table but it was ok.
Effin' Amazing! The Cioppino was one of the best things I've ever eaten! We started with the Clam Chowder and Oysters. Both were delicious and fresh. The Cioppino broth was wonderful and only made the seafood better. I would eat there weekly if I live in SF.
SCALLOPS ....... Butter , lemony. I love this place, so do my sisters. The oyster shooters, iceberg wedge, crab... I've eaten everything off the menu. Northbeach is awesome and I'm so lucky I can walk here. I actually like eating at the bar and sip a Bellini while watching the cooks, they work so fricken hard and have that kitchen running on a tight ship. Everything is organized and seasoned with perfection . Check this place out Fo Sho!!!
While staying in SanFrancisco, I searched for a restaurant on Yelp, as usual. This restaurant was highly recommended and I couldn't agree more!!!! The hostess who took our call for reservations was warm and accommodating. (Reservations are highly recommended on the weekend).Sotto Mare is located in the heart of North Beach. The town was hopping and the restaurant seemed to be in the middle of the fun. The Cioppino was outstanding!! The crab was sweet and tender. The prices were reasonable considering the food was very fresh and it's located in the heart of North Beach. The Cioppino is $41 a plate, but it's recommended for two. We split it among three and no one went hungry. I brought the kids and we all had an excellent time and a great meal.
Have been here a few times and love the cioppino (there is plenty to share). The vibe of the place is great and the wait staff is attentive despite the place always being packed. The only drawback is actually getting in ... the wait for a table is long, especially on weekend nights.
Don't think about coming here for dinner without a reservation, They won't seat you. Instead, come for a late lunch-around 3. I came around this time and there was no wait. I had the oysters and it was fresh. My entre - risotto with seafood was good, although it was a little dry for my taste but the seafood again was fresh. So I can't complain too much.
Meh. Linguini and clams has 3 main ingredients, clams, linguini and garlic and the garlic was clearly burnt and the clams were so overcooked they'd mostly fallen out of the shell. I would have sent the dish back had I not already waited an hour for it. The cioppino was huge, with large pieces of crab, and was in fact delicious but was served to us without any of the utensils you need to get crab out of its shell. The whole restaurant was visibly full of smoke (poor garlic) and left your eyes burning, but no one propped opened the door to air it out!
I was really looking for a fantastic meal but was let down due to my expectations. I ordered the clam chowder which it was good but not excellent. It was thinner than what I prefer, However it did have a fair amount of clams. I also ordered oysters which were tasty. For some reason all around at various restaurants they are smaller than usual. Maybe they harvest them too early. I just prefer the larger ones. I ordered the seafood Risotto which was very good just not excellent in my opinion. I was really expecting to be blown away based upon the reviews but unfortunately I wasn't. The owner Rich was there talking with two frequent patrons next to me but never said anything to me even when I mentioned that I liked the shirt he was wearing as it was similar to mine. I just wasn't wow'ed by my experience unfortunately.
Great neighbor seafood spot!! Scallops were to die for and such a large portion!! I'll be back my next trip to SF!!
Great place for seafood and pasta! It's a small restaurant so I guess for dinner there might be a wait if you don't have a reservation.I tried the whole crab and also the clam chowder.Crab: amazing! Huge crab, and cracked expertly in all the right places for easy access. The easiest crab I've ever eaten. The meat was big and juicy. Definitely get this when you dine here.Clam chowder: this was above average. Good for those that like their clam chowder a bit more watery. Lots of clam bits, close to 50%? The bread that goes with it is quite standard though. Not to salty or creamy, so if you like it that way you'll love the clam chowder here.Get seats right at the end of the bar and you can watch the chefs do their jobs and all the different dishes being prepared.
The Chiopino and sea food pastas are amazing. If the wait is long, take the lobster and take in the sunset at coit tower.
My hubby and I came here for my birthday. We waited for about half an hour but SO worth it. Service was ok, but the food was so good and not expensive. Highly recommended.
Make sure you are hungry when you go. The seafood here is fresh, delicious and the portions are huge!MUST GET the cioppino!! HUGE bowl of seafood galore. It has crabs, mussels, clams...definitely a dish for sharing. Their seafood risotto and linguine with clams is all packed with seafood, full of rich flavor. Note, place is always packed, so make a reservation.
We went for the "best damn cioppino" and it did not disappoint! My husband and I are visiting San Francisco, and there are many restaurants that boast cioppino, but this place is on point! HUGE serving with yummy, yummy sea food and pasta. We ate until we couldn't eat another bite and there was still a scoop left in the silver bowl they bring you! Great value! We sat at the counter and it was very charming.
Love this place! 1st time here & thoroughly enjoyed it. Seafood linguini abdominal salad were wonderful. Cool funky decor. Good service too. Highly recommend.
Tried Scomas cioppino last night and Sotto Mare today. Boat we excellent but hands down Sotto Mare is the best. Damn good
They really do have the best damn cioppino ever! We came for dinner on a Saturday evening and waited almost an hour just to have a second taste of their cioppino. Sooo worth it!! The cioppino order is enough for two and packed to the brim with crab, green mussels, clams, scallops, calamari, shrimp and penne pasta. You would think that there would be a lot more pasta than seafood, but no. This place is legit!! Tons of seafood, and a little bit of pasta.  Mmmmm, I'm drooling writing about it. I'm fairly sick of SF, but when I do come back or just when I'm in the area I will definitely come here for some of the best damn cioppino ever. Other notes: You need a credit card to take the little lobster shaped buzzer as you wait. If you don't take a buzzer and you're not there when they call your name, you get taken off the list... just like that! No joke I tell you. The hostess provides wine as you wait, mmm. They have delicious red wine. Their clam chowder beats out all other chowders in SF, nooo competition! If you go here and you don't get the cioppino, you're a poopoo head.
Kind of pricey, but pretty well-worth it. I ordered the oyster shooters, cioppino, and sand dabs, per recommendation from my friend who still needs to join Yelp. And not a bad choice.All were home runs for me, except the sand dabs. The oyster shooters were incredible, though I have been feeding off of sad South Bay eats, so they were amazing in comparison. The cioppino was my favorite, full of all types of seafood, and none of them tasting fishy at all, marrying well with the tomato base. The sand dabs were just ok; not really impressed with how they were fried, nor by the slight dryness they exuded compared to my expectation of melt-in-your-mouth goodness.Service was great. Waitresses are super engaging, but don't bother you when they see you are having a good time. What a great meal I had at this place!
First time here and it was ok. I was expecting more. Married to an Italian, I've had my share of delicious food. I ordered the pasta with prawns and spicy tomato sauce, well the sauce was spicy, but the prawns in the pasta was really bay shrimp... Tiny shrimp, the kind they use for salads. Although they didn't charge us a corkage fee, which I thought was nice. I don't think I'll come back, but glad I checked it off the list.
CioppinoCioppinoCioppinoCioppinoCioppinoCioppinoCioppinoCioppinoCioppinoCioppinoCioppinoCioppinoCioppinoCioppinoCioppinoCioppinoCioppinoCioppinoCioppinoCioppinoCioppinoCioppinoCioppinoCioppinoCioppinoCioppinoCioppinoCioppinoCioppinoCioppinoCioppinoCioppinoCioppinoCioppinoCioppinoCioppinoCioppinoCioppinoCioppinoCioppinoCioppinoCioppinoCioppino.This delectable pot of seafood stew is filled to the brim with octopus, clams, mussels, Dungeness Crab, white fish, and just about every other sea creature you can imagine (except for narwhal -- they're endangered and magical), smothered in a savory tomato broth and served piping hot atop a bed of perfectly cooked penne pasta. Though I know I'd burn my naughty bits leaving my prospects for procreation null and void, if it were legal, I'm certain I'd make love to this impeccable dish from Sotto Mare in two shakes of a tiger prawn's tail. Do tiger prawns have tails? Should research that... At $38, it's best reserved for a special occasion, but being that I'm moving far away and attempting to blast through my SF bucket list, I just may have to go broke eating here as often as I possibly can in the next three weeks. Undoubtedly, my favorite food stuffs in all of North Beach.
Had the sand dabs and scallops. Both were great. Sand dabs was enough for two. I loved it. Food had 5 stars.
Every time I go to San Francisco, I make sure to eat here. Their oysters are fabulous as are their other seafood dishes. I go here for their Cioppino. It's fabulous. The menu says it will serve 2 but you will leave with your leftovers in hand!
We arrived around 12:30 on Monday for lunch and got seated in front of the kitchen, so we can see how they cook the damn good cioppino. The ingredients include mussel, clam, dungeness crab, squid, shrimp, butter, cream, stock, garlic, the secret tomato sauce, etc..The cioppino is brilliant, loads of fresh seafood and full of flavours. Just can't get enough of it.
This small little restaurant in north point is just great and authentic. The oysters are real cheap and good! I had 8 oysters, half a plate of pasta and a glass of house white wine and it was more than enough! Everything was delicious and the staff is quick and friendly.If coming by after 7, i would recommend calling in for reservations. We had came the night before at 8:30; there was a line-up and no place for 2 :( i guess they are that good!
love this spot. transitional Italian food
You want Cioppino this is as good as it gets $41 a bowl but really that can serve two big eaters. Packed restaurant, old school SF Italian, welcoming staff. Food did not disappoint, not too expensive. Service was excellent. Worth a visit with the kids real soon.
In retrospect of being a true catholic, beliefs are not to eat meat every Friday starting lent. My favorites wanted to eat Korean food, but two of us couldn't eat meat, what comes to one of our minds was a recommendation to Sotto Mare. *Note make reservations or come early!! we waited for 45mins and the hostess said we were the last party they were taking.Sotto Mare is a family owned business, located in the north beach area next to many local bars. Upon our wait, you are given a light up lobster to notify your table is ready. What's cool is that the lobster has a high frequency that can reach the end of the block, so you are able to bar hop while waiting LOL great idea right? As we walk in, our welcoming hostess kept us informed that we are going to love it here since we were newbies. Browsing through the menu,Yelp guided us through what were the hott items we should order. What looked appealing & got me sprung?Only the finest/fresh bed of oysters and an oyster shot! Drove me bananas!!! yes perfect aphrodisiac that will get your engines started!! Seconds please!!Pay attention right here- The Cioppino-It's big enough for three, brimming with clams, mussels, shrimp, tiny scallops and loads of crab. The sauce thickly coats all the seafood, the spices flick the tip of the tongue. Penne pasta in the bottom is a surprise addition, but a good way to help capture more of the sauce; what's left can be sopped up with the bread. Baby light my fire!!Sand Dabs- filleted, generally 10 pieces splayed on the plate with little room left for the vegetables - thick chunks of orange and yellow carrots and a long-stemmed bouquet of broccoli de cicco, all cooked almost too al dente.Did someone say I want Pasta? A light linguine pasta smothered with their special sauce. We needed some carbs besides bread, so it came in handy.In the midst of eating, the food left our tummies feeling full. Shall I say I'm fiending to go back again? YES I am!!
On a Wednesday night, I came with a party of 4 including me. It was packed, so we wrote our names down for a 30 minutes wait. Luckily enough it was exactly 30 minutes wait. While waiting, we were able to walk around to the corner of the block and still be within the range for the buzzer to alert us our table is ready. The buzzer thing we get to hold onto is shaped like a lobster, which is cute, but they do hold onto your credit card while you have their lobster buzzer. Got sat inside near the back, which was nice because it was cold out, so being in the back of the restaurant felt pretty warm and cozy. The waitress at first seemed to be out of it, and she wasn't very friendly. We ordered 2 dozen oysters among 4 people for $1.50 each, which was delicious! We had the West Coast oysters which were cheaper than the East Coast, even though we read that it tasted better. But, the West Coast oysters were pretty bomb too. Each pair ordered a Seafood pasta -- my boyfriend and I had the Alfredo fettuccine with seafood, while my other two friends had a mixed sauce and linguine. I honestly liked my Alfredo sauce better so I liked our order of seafood pasta better than the other sauce my friends chose. The scallops that came in the seafood part of the pasta was so delicious to bite into. Soft, but not soft enough to break right away when you bite into it. It was still a firm texture which I liked a lot! We finished everything, even the basket of bread. Definitely filling to share an order of pasta for two along with an order of oysters! Each table also comes with a bottle of balsamic vinegar and olive oil for you to eat with for their complimentary bread while waiting for your orders to come!Will definitely be back for oysters or their seafood pasta OR BOTH! Service was a bit slow and unfriendly, where I docked a point, BUT they were attentive on filling up our glasses of water. Otherwise, I recommend to come!
Sotto Mare's cioppino is really something to rave about. It's flavorful and loaded with LOTS of perfectly cooked fresh seafood and penne pasta. I really enjoyed the crab and prawns, and every time I went back to ladle the cioppino out of that silver bowl, I swear, I was finding more and more seafood. Trust, you will need to ask for extra bread throughout your meal to sop up the tasty broth. I shared the cioppino with a friend and we were thoroughly stuffed at the end of our meal. We kicked off dinner with some oyster shooters which I just loved. We also ordered a half carafe of the house white which was a bit disappointing. It wasn't very smooth but I guess I didn't notice as much once we started eating the cioppino.I love the ambiance inside of the restaurant which combines the feel of an oyster bar with a simple sit-down restaurant. There is also seating right out front. Service was friendly but it seemed like our waitress forgot about us toward the end of our meal. We came on a Friday night right after getting off of work and were seated right away at the bar. To no surprise, there was a crowd waiting to be seated by the time we left.
If you want a fresh, delicious meal this is the place to go! My gf and I will make a day trip to the city just to come to this place for a meal. The Cioppino is usually what we order it's enough for two and has not disappointed us yet, hearty servings of crab, scallops, shrimp, muscles and clams oh my! The pasta is always cooked to perfection and the staff is friendly and fun! Don't miss out on this awesome restaurant!
The cioppino is simply divine. Pure perfection. Enough said.
Excellent food,casual atmosphere. Good place 5o bring out of town guests if they like seafood. I am coming back again for sure.
Highly recommend this restaurant. Starts with the (new) owners meeting you at the door and talking to you about you and the menu. Great food (basically seafood) and plenty of it. Reasonably priced considering the venue. I will be back.
Been wanting to try this place for awhile and boy they did not disappoint. Ordered clam chowder, clam steamers, cioppino, linguini with seafood, and the special of the day fish. Everything was delicious. Can't wait to go back.
Love this place felt like home. Friendly, warm and welcoming. The food is tasty and presentation simple but so inviting. The vibe the staff gave off was positive and caring you can tell they enjoyed working with each other. I definitely will be back.
5 stars without a doubt! We had Cioppino and Seafood linguini with pink sauce and it was absolutely amazing! This is a new SF favorite and could also be a top favorite restaurant of all time. To boot they give you a complimentary glass of house wine while you wait for your table. Classy touch! We'll be back for sure.
Best restaurant in town. It is incredible they maintain good prices with their deserved success. Get all sea food, don't waste your appetite with pasta. You will regret it after tasting the scallops.
Very good seafood! Pasta was great!
Very disappointing and expensive for what you get. Ordered the sand dabs and it was oily. The decor and waitstaff are good but save your money. There are so many other amazing restaurants.
I don't give 5 star ratings that often. But this place is THAT good. Came here with my mom and sister for the first time. We were making a day out of me trying on wedding dresses in SF, and I made us a reservation here for lunch. Got sat right away and poured ourselves some water from the table caraffe. My sister and I got a glass of prosecco each, so thumbs up for having that! I got a west coast oyster and a clam on the half shell. Both were very good and fresh. Then we shared...- House Salad: be warned, this is just iceberg lettuce and tomatoes, sliced. With a side of russian dressing, but it was tasty.- Clam Chowder: very good, I could taste the bacon in it, but it wasn't overwhelming. - Linguine with Seafood: sooooo yummy. it had an assortment of shrimp, bay scallops, mussels, clams, and squid all in a light creamy white wine sauce.- Clam Steamers: in a white wine/garlic sauce. they clams were fresh with NO SAND! and the broth is perfect to dunk the bread in. We didn't order a lot, and we were glad we shared because we were stuffed. Portions are generous, as is the waitstaff. I will definitely be back to this North Beach institution!
Had an amazing Cioppino! Extraordinary and simple in design. Will be a regular on my visits to SF.
Wow I wasn't disappointedWith all the good reviewsOne is never quite sure!My only complaint was I made a reservation& you must have one & there was no record of it!However Laura was great when I called sat am for a sat pm reservationShe was super accommodating andApologetic!It is small & totally packed!The cioppino was really delicious!Service super friendly!Totally would go back.Very reasonable for super fresh seafoodAnd huge portions.It was my friend's bday & it was so much fun.We brought our own wine for $10 corkage& since there aren't any desserts on the menu, we brought our own cake!The whole restaurant sang happy bdayTo my friend.Remember if you go with a party of 3 or more, make a reservation & double check it!Thank you everyone there for giving us allA memorable evening!
Great tasting food but not sanitaryI took my mother who was in from out of town because I love this place and wanted to take her. They sat us up at the kitchen/bar area so we could see the kitchen staff cooking away. Big mistake. My mom watched in horror as one of the big guys behind the counter cut up and handled raw fish then handled the cooked crab that was placed on her plate. He never washed his hands. Only wiped his hands off on a little towel and used that same towel to wipe down the countertop that he just cut raw fish on to cut up cooked food. I wasn't bothered by it. But my mom was totally grossed out and refused to eat her lobster salad. which put a downer on the night.If you're going to do gross stuff, please don't show us.
Went here for lunch (definitely less of a wait for lunch compared to dinner). The service is great--not too nosy while still being attentive. The atmosphere is casual, and the interior has some nice touches such as marble table tops and interesting decor. They did a nice job with their galley-like configuration consisting of a long bar and kitchen area with tables jammed up against the other wall of the long, narrow room. They were good to our toddler (we were surprised that it would be even close to a kid-friendly place)--they brought out a booster seat that straps to the chair, and the staff smiled and played with her briefly.The food is great. We had the sauteed shrimp and scallops, which were served with an excellent sauce and vegetables (spinach and golden beets). We also had the sand dabs, which were cooked very well. Good portions.The only thing we had that was a little disappointing was the clam chowder. To be fair, it's actually pretty good... briny, creamy, and with a fair amount of fresh clam meat. But we've had it better at other places (e.g. Old Port Lobster Shack in RWC).We would definitely come back--the cioppino and perhaps the seafood risotto or a pasta would be the next things for us to try. Pricing is a little high (about $21 per entree, other options we noticed on the menu like pasta were closer to $19), but it's a popular restaurant in a popular area of San Francisco, so it's not surprising. They would get that 5th star from me if it was a little cheaper (just a little bit expensive for what you get). But don't let that keep you from trying this place out.
This place is a good value but you will have to make some compromises. The first being that there is no place to park - until you realize that there is public parking in a garage at 700 Larkin. The second compromise is the limited beverage service. No hard liquor and limited beers and wines.Finally, the place is fun crowded and fun noisy. But, if that ain't your kind of fun, there's no avoiding either.All that said, the food is fresh, portions are correct and delicious. Unfortunately, the service was well below average and a bit frosty.
Love this place! Took my parents here while they were visiting and even though it's small, it's awesome. If you can't get a reservation, put your name down and have a drink at a place next door while you wait.Cioppino is insane good!! Clam chowder and mussels are really good too. It's loud but fun to see the open kitchen right there - very lively! And wine is pretty cheap too. Many bottles for $30. The sauces are so tasty though you gotta dip the bread in it! Mm mm!
With a good friend of mine, we use once a week to go somewhere in the city and try different cuisine, today was in North Beach the restaurant Sotto Mare.To start our lunch, my friend ordered half dozen of Oyster, and I ask for the Prawns cocktail. A waitress bring to us some bread and butter, the bread was good, I ordered a Italian wine which was desperately past age with a taste that let your palate dry like if you just swallow a piece of mud. This wine was surely stored in a heat zone and that make the wine turn into a very bad vinegar.My friend told me that the oyster are ok. My prawns cocktail was a disaster! The cocktail sauce made with ketchup and hot Mexican sauce!!! The prawns was frozen! In all my live I never had a Prawns cocktail so bad! I couldn't eat more after only one bite. My friend taste the Prawns cocktail, and I can tell that he's face emotion was not enjoying the bite.We decide to not proceed with our lunch at this place, and better request the bill, and go to another place to have a descent food.The waitress come, we ask for the bill, she ask us if something going wrong. I told her that the Prawns cocktail it is not good, the frozen Prawns and the cheap cocktail sauce make this appetizer a real disaster. She look at me and she told me " We are the best place and the best food in town" Really? LUCKY I'M! I can't imagine the others restaurant so... I told her. She was very mad that I don't like the food .Well I'm very sorry Sotto Mare but your food it is not good, the wine was past age, and your service suck!I can't believe such arrogance. I see that other people here love the food at this place, and I only can say that everyone got different taste., but for me, this place it is not good at all, the service should be improve, and I will not recommend this place to anyone.In the other hand, the location it's nice, and that's why I give 2 stars rating, for the location, and because my friend told me that the Oyster wasn't that bad.
One thing you should know about me, I'm in LOVE with seafood, so naturally I'm going to give a great seafood restaurant 5 stars. Although I am very picky about seafood and always want the freshest, I guess you can also say I'm biased by my love. So after an incredible yelp event in North Beach, Mike D suggested we hit up Sotto Mare. Oh Oysters, yes - you know I'm in. It's like almost 9:30p.m. and still a short line for dinner. While we wait the owner offers us a complimentary glass of wine. I'm already anticipating my meal. Although the menu was filled with all sorts of yummy tempting seafood dishes, I ordered two oyster shooters and a half dozen oysters. Who says you can't make a meal of them? I order fresh horseradish to sauce up my oysters, it's my new thing. Spicy and tangy. Mike D ordered a big appetizer size bay shrimp salad, served with house made dressing. It looked really good and we were both happy with what we ordered. I really loved Sotto Mare, the food, the service, the incredibly fresh seafood. Another reason to believe that San Francisco has some of the freshest seafood in the world. Aren't we lucky? ;)
Had dinner here two weeks ago. Part of our planning was to make sure we ate there.Hector is a super chef and the owner is a delight to talk to. We had not been there for at least a year and she remembered us....Will always make this a stop when in the city!!!
definitely one of my top 5 sf restaurants.- super consistent quality- closed sundays- three menu musts:       seafood crab cioppino      oyster shooters      fettuccine with smoked salmon and/or linguine with clams- wait time varies greatly. fridays and saturdays can take up to 2-3hrs. no rezzies for smaller parties- two floors, homey feel. super casual. non-touristy atmosphere- value-priced, very friendly service all the timenuff said. GO!
I had the cioppino and it was good but wish they didnt use penne as a filler. it was missing the fish and clam. Also the scallop was tiny. I was sitting at the bar/ kitchen and was watching the way they made it. It was the same tomato sauce for all their dishes. Overall it was very good dish for two people.
Super casual, but there can be a long wait, so make sure to pick a good time to go!Order the cioppino and prepare for your life to be changed forever. AMAZING! Super flavorful, so much seafood, so much food, so much deliciousness! Love it. Still dream of it.
Food was very good, ambiance was fun and inviting. The cleanliness on the other hand was far from par. I don't mind a good hoke in the wall but the glasses still had food on them and the chef preparing the raw bar, rarely washed his hands in between handling different items.
Oysters were ok, not the best I've ever had but acceptable. Steamed mussels were pretty good! Buttery broth and full of flavor. Clam chowder was decent but not amazing. Nice and light. Service was a little weird... They tried to be friendly but just came off as rude. Decide for yourself I guess lol.
Omg i love this place. It is not a big restaurant, but it has a really nice comfortable seatings. I love the corppino. The ingredients are fresh and sufficient. The food is well priced. I really wanna go there one more time! I haven't tried their wines. I should probably do next time. This is a must in SF! Highly recommend! My friends and I tried all the chef's choice on the menu. They are all tasty. Corppino is still my favorite.They only let you in when all parties are there. Because it's so popular! Haha get all your friends there on time and enjoy your wonderful dinner.
Free wine while you wait, place is packed all the time but the food is amazing! Can't go wrong with the mussels and ciuppino, my two favorites, save the bread and don't load up on it till you get the ciuppino, love this seafood spot, one of my favs in SF! Holla back at cha boy!
I've had the pleasure of trying almost everything on the menu. From start to finish this family owned Italian Seafood Restaurant is top notch. Fresh is key!!! Many locals come into the restaurant just to purchase fresh fish. If you're going to dine here, I recommend their Oysters on half shells along with some Baccala for starters. If it's your first time here, you need to indulge and order their "Best Damn Crab Cioppino" and yes, it will be the best damn crab Cioppino you've tasted in a long time. Another one of my favorites is their Grilled Sand Dabs. Fillets of fish with some fresh vegetables cooked to perfection. One thing to keep in mind is that every dish is family style, but if you love food like myself, you'll probably need to order your own dish. If you're still not sure what to order... Look around you and see what everyone else is enjoying and devouring. I'm positive you will not be disappointed with your meal. - Buon Appetito
I am just a fan of open kitchens, where you can see the cook take pictures of the dish he just created (really happened!).Sotto Mare had a great menu. Would definitely recommend for a lively dinner where it's a bit cramped and hot but where the food will come out delicious and fresh.
5 stars just for their cioppino, which I had been craving for MONTHS. We decided to forego the pasta to be healthier and it still filled us up. Doesn't look like much when it comes out (to a then-starving me at least) but I could barely breathe by the end of the meal. Seafood was plentiful and comes with a bunch of different stuff (fish, calamari, shrimp, crab, etc). The soup base was pretty amazing, I wish I could have purchased jars of it to smother on my own homemade food at a later date but sadly, they didn't take our request seriously :( We also ordered some oysters, which were big and juicy. Definitely coming back here for cioppino. P.S. If you're trying to come here to impress a date, ask to sit outside. It's more diner-like inside.
I was so excited to try sotto mare, took my father for his birthday after a beautiful day on the water. He was happy to see his favorite, sand dabs, on the menu. Very disappointed to say we all had dishes (4 different ones) that were over-cooked & flavorless. Too many places in city to try for second chance try.
Sotto Mare has been sold by Gigi approx. Oct. 2014 and under new ownership.Gonna really, really miss Louisa.....It appears the menu will not change and food prep will be as good as ever. Time will tell. This has consistently been one of our favorite S.F. restaurants.
Food is a solid 5. Service is more like 2. I would definitely go again, but I would be hesitant about who I would take here - if I need to take someone out and make sure that they have a good dining experience, I would think twice before bringing them here. I went three times, and out of the three two times have been sub-par service. I understand you're busy, but do we really have to wait until the end of the meal to get that second glass of ice tea we ordered right after the appetizers? Additionally, the last time we went (party of 4) we called in as we were parking and asked what the wait time was. The lady on the phone told us no wait, and that we should just come in. So we park, get into the restaurant about 10 minutes later and she tells us "sorry it got busy and now we have no tables - the wait is 30 minutes." Ummm.. okay. You wouldn't let us hold a table when we're 10 minutes away, and now we have to wait 30 minutes because you told us it would be okay? Not cool. Then, after about 45 minutes of waiting, I go to ask her how our table is coming along, and find out that a party that came after us has been seated! The hostess realizes whats going on and hurriedly changes the three table seating to a four table seating... which was fine until I realized that I would be smacked by everyone walking by the narrow corridor since they forced a chair into a place that would usually be empty. Goodness gracious. Our server was also not great - she came to check up on us... never. We had to flag her down every single time, and I saw that she would be super attentive to others (maybe people she knows from elsewhere?) but we were somehow always invisible or just out of sight. To be honest I would come back here because the food is good, but they should really do something about their service or my thoughts on coming back will be going downhill really quickly.
Pretty good seafood restaurant, their signature dish "Best Damn Crab Chioppino" was good enough even for 3 of us :)Clam chowder is just OK, nothing special.
For a long time I wish to find some good seafood as I ate in south of France.Surprise ! I found it in SF. You should try this place if you like seafood.Chief speciality (seafood pot) is amazing just as the linguine with seafood.Had a great time there. It's like a trattoria.
long wait (1.5 hours!) but friendly staff and good food. my one complaint is that the clam chowder is kept in one of those cauldrons on "low" heat so it's not at all hot when you get it. i asked for the server to heat our soup up, but they just added more lukewarm soup to the bowl, which did not help at all.
Under the seaUnder the seaNobody beat usFry us and eat usIn fricasseeWe what the land folks loves to cookUnder the sea we off the hookWe got no troublesLife is the bubblesUnder the seaUnder the seaSing it Sebastian! Here's a clip: youtube.com/watch?v=C8OBSotto Mare, translated is "under the sea". Walking around the always lively neighborhood of North Beach I ran into Sotto Mare. There are about four tables outside of the restaurant and when passing by, I couldn't help but notice the good looking food being served at the tables in front of the restaurant.I took out the iPhone and searched for the restaurant on yelp, it had 4 1/2 stars with nearly 800 reviews. Sounds like a winner. So we walked in a were seated right away. I asked the waitress what the popular dishes were and she said by far the most popular is the Crab Cioppino and Sand Dabs. So that's what I ordered.Crab Cioppino: a combination of calamari, scallops, mussels, clams, crab, and shrimp. The secret is, the taste is in the stew. Roll up your sleeves. Grab some of the not to be overlooked fresh quality French bread they serve. Sop up the delicious stew with the bread in one hand. Seafood with the other hand. Don't try to look cute, just eat.Sand Dabs: apparently this is a delicacy. This flat fish came pan fried with a light sear, along with some vegetables. I won't lie, I got a little dip happy with the Cioppino stew and started dipping the Sand Dab in it. So if you ask me what the Sand Dab tasted like......... Um.... like Cioppino.I like the casual feel of Sotto Mare and the friendly service. They give out bibs for people like me who like to splash my Cioppino stew everywhere.If you are in the mood for this Native North Beach/San Francisco dish. Sotto Mare should be on top of the list.As Sebastian says: Under the sea (Sotto Mare) Ya we in luck hereDown in the muck hereUnder the sea
On our latest girls' trip, we ended our vacation at Sotto Mare, which turned out to be the Best Meal of our Lives. We ordered the west coast oysters and the prawn cocktail to start with and they were absolutely delicious. But we stopped talking once the cioppino arrived and we were strapped into our bibs. Loaded with mussels, calamari, clams, crab, scallops and penne noodles, we stuffed ourselves silly, soaking the sauce with their house bread until the bowl was completely clean. The server came by to take the bowl away, and my friend let out a little cry and glanced in the bowl to see if any stray sauce was leftover. The waitress said, "honey, there's nothing left!"Everything was fantastic; can't wait to go again!
Sotto Mare makes me wanna "Mangia mangia e diventa grasso" - Eat, eat and get fat! Umm, but sadly in my case: FATTER! :XYesterday, my friend took me and our other friend to Sotto Mare for a joint belated birthday dinner (Thanks, T!). It was very busy even on a rainy Tuesday night so reservations are an absolute must. F O O D*CUP OF BOSTON CLAM CHOWDER: 4 STARSyelp.com/biz_photos/8dUaSuper rich and creamy, the boston clam chowder was perfect for a rainy SF day. The chowder was full of sweet tender bits of clam, potatoes, leeks AND bacon. The bacon is what made the chowder, adding an extra layer of richness with a hint of smokiness. *MUSSEL STEAMERS: 4 STARSyelp.com/biz_photos/8dUaThe mussels were uber fresh, tender, and sweet. The broth was had deep complex richness with a prominent garlickyness. *THE "BEST DAMN CRAB CIOPPINO" (Feeds 2) - 5 STARSyelp.com/biz_photos/8dUaThe name says it ALL! Sotto Mare definitely makes the "BEST DAMN CRAB CIOPPINO"! I'm not even a seafood fan and I wanted to bathe in ALL the ocean goodness. Swimming in an amazingly rich tomato wine sauce (not too acidic/tangy) was some of the finest catches from the sea: succulently tender and juicy crab, tender sweet mussels, clams and scallops, pleasantly chewy squid and mildly buttery shrimp. Everything was perfectly cooked; even the penne pasta which managed to stay al-dente underneath the chock-full of seafood and sauce. A DEFINITE MUST ORDER!*SPECIAL OF THE NIGHT: SEAFOOD RAVIOLI - 5 STARSyelp.com/biz_photos/8dUaI could not stop eye-raping by friend's order which had huge, plump raviolis drowning in a ultra creamy tomato sauce so I had to ask for a taste. One bite into the tender, al-dente ravioli jam-packed with crab, scallops and shrimp caressed with the most decadent savory sauce with nuances of sweet and tangy...TOTAL FOODGASM! TIP: Ask for several loaves of bread at a time (otherwise they will give you just one) because you will need it to slop up all the AMAZING sauces, broths, and soups. We killed about 6 loaves among the three of us. CARB ECSTACY! S E R V I C EWarm and welcoming. Luisa, the manager came by our table several times to check on us and also to make sure we were mangia, mangia! And stuff our faces, we did.My only gripe is we got our appetizers quickly after ordering but it took a while to get our entre. A M B I A N C E / D E C O RSotto Mare is an authentic, mom and pop restaurant that draws masses of locals and tourists. Old Italian portraits and tchotchkes give it that funky rustic feel. This is a type of place you come to for the freshest and most delectable seafood and not the ambiance. There's two levels of dining at Sotto Mare and the bottom level is for larger parties. P A R K I N GFairly easy street parking on weekdays before 5:30 PM-6 PM. There's a small parking lot across from Sotto Mare; $11 for weeknights and $20 for weekends (flat rate). I can't wait to mangia, mangia at Sotto Mare again. Next time, I'll lay off the bread (maybe) so I can mangia even more. Don't worry, Luisa...we Asians were taught to finish every rice grain in our bowls for fear of the feather duster coming out so mangia mangia e diventa grasso, WE SHALL!
This is an authentic neighborhood Italian place. The atmosphere; food; and staff were all superb! It was also an excellent value. We recommend the special no matter what it is. We had fresh halibut and fresh sea bass. Choose the tomato based sauce option as it was atypical and delicious! But you can't go wrong with the garlic olive oil or the lemon caper butter sauce. We loved the blue cheese lettuce wedge too. Our 15 year old had the spaghetti and it was to die for! This meal was in our top 3 for the whole week.
We decided to have an early dinner to avoid the dinner traffic and that was a good decision as the tables were full when we finished dinner around 6:00. We loved the charm of the decor and we thoroughly enjoyed every dish that we had. We started with a plate of mussels and shared the seafood linguini, Ciopinno and scallops between the four of us. Every dish was delicious and the sauce for each dish was worth 2 orders of bread to dip with.The waitress that we had was very attentive and our food came in at the just right pace for us. Too bad that it was our last night in SF, otherwise, we would have come back to try other dishes. We highly recommend that you eat there.
This place can get really crowded even on a Wednesday night. Our wait time was around 30 minutes for a table for four. The waitress was friendly and promptly wrote down our order for some raw oysters, alfredo fettuccine with seafood pasta, and mixed sauce and linguine pasta. Considering how packed this place was, I wasn't surprised that our food took quite a while to come. The raw oysters with its sauce and some tapatio helped to stimulate our taste buds and enhance our appetites. Then came the giant portion of pastas. One plate could've fed the four of us! Overall, we had a great time here!
Although, I wish the pasta was a bit more al dente, I really can't complain.Paid $17 for Linguine with clams. It came with 26 clams (yes, I counted.) Enough said.
I was sold before I even tasted the food. The customer service was great! Since they don't take reservations for 2 people, my boyfriend and I were waiting in line for at least 15 minutes. Only to find that people were trying to walk in and skip the line and put their name on the list before us. One of the waiters was helping them and I spoke up to say that we had been waiting. Then the manager, Louise, came to our rescue and made them get back in line and gave us special treatment. I was then willing to wait!The food was definitely worth the wait! We had clam chowder and the best damn cioppino, which stood up to it's name! It was great and I recommend seafood lovers give this place a try! Louise was amazing and continued to check on us our entire stay. Great place for dinner!
If there is a sea food heaven, this place is it.
This place was worth the crazy walk to get here. We tried their west and east coast oysters. The best are the east coast, they were so sweet. But hands down the best thing here is the Best Damn Cioppino. It is worth every pennies. It was full of seafood and pasta. The prefect blend of sauce as well. It said it was for two people, but 4 people can easily eat it together as well. When I am in SF next time I will come back!
Bread was cold. Ordered 3 with our soups and all 3 were cold. Entre was good. But if the owner takes the time to say hello to a dog. It would be nice if she even made eye contact with me and my black girlfriend. She walked by no less than 12 times and each time I looked up. She even looked at the ceiling once.
Nike women half marathon weekend we were told that they take walk in's. I called to inquire about the current wait time for 5adults and was told by the hostess that we would not be served and turned away. I escalated to the manger who stated that we could be served but the wait would be 4 hours. Lack of customer service off the back
Sotto Mare is a pub-style restaurant set-up - cramped and crowded - it is San Francisco though. However, the food and customer service was splendid. We ordered the Best Damn Crab Cippiono and it was plenty for two people. Entree consists of a whole crab's legs, mussels, clams, shrimp, scallops, and penne pasta. I believe they raised the price to $41 recently but still worth it, especially when it feeds two.
When visiting this classic SF establishment, be prepared to wait for a table. The place is tiny and VERY popular. You can make reservations for large groups, which is really fun because they put you downstairs in this little secret area that makes you feel like you're a character in a mob movie dining with the godfather and plotting your next hit. Well, that's what it reminded me of, anyway. The front of house person is straightforward and hilarious, so make sure to pause on your way in to observe her as she does her job. As for the food, it's just as straightfoward, but there's nothing funny about the deliciousness of each dish. Their specialty, as you would guess, is seafood. After browsing the reviews I learned that the favorites were the sand dabs and the cioppino. I got the sand dabs but after seeing the giant cioppino for 2 come out I regretted my order. Mine was just fine, but the cioppino is really something to behold! Chock full of the best fruits of the sea and the broth is just heavenly. Don't be afraid to wear a bib because it will definitely splatter!Oh, and it's also BYOB with a corkage fee, or you can choose from their wine list as well. It's a fantastic little spot in the heart of North Beach and a true San Francisco gem!
Best place in San Fran to eat!!! It's authentic, delicious, friendly service, and an experience. My husband and I go every time we are in San Francisco. SOOO GOOOODDDD!
Great place
This place is the best! Christina, Louisa, Betty, and the rest of the crew are great and fun! If you're snobby and have a stick up your butt, please don't come here since they already have a line out the door. Only fun and good people are allowed. Thank you.You can make reservations if you have 3-4 people. If you only come with one person, then you have a dilemma since if you get the cioppino, it's for two persons already and you must try the pasta (seafood linguine is my favorite) or the sand dabs. I see people eating here alone too. If I came here alone, I think I'd still get the cioppino for two. haha
Super friendly owners. Great food and lively atmosphere. This place is super popular so make a reservation if you can.
I came here with my friend the other weekend to see what all the big fuss was about. The only thing we ordered was the cioppino, so I can't speak to the other items on the menu, but the cioppino was solid. Eaten alone, it probably wouldn't have been enough to fill me up, but they kept on bringing out more bread to dip in the tasty tomato-based seafood soup and that definitely hit the spot! I can't say I was a huge fan of the bread though...it was a little touch to chew.I read about the lines on yelp, so we got there around 11 AM Saturday right when it opened, and even by the time we left around 12:30, there were still plenty of spots left! I'd go early to try to get a table outside if possible. We walked inside the restaurant and it was pretty dim, too dim for my liking, so we asked to be moved outside and boy am I glad we did.Don't let my 4 star review fool you...food was great and service was attentive. I'd definitely come back in a heartbeat if I lived closer!
We also love Castagnola's and The Franciscan, in Fisherman's Wharf, but Sotto Mare always tops our list...!!! From their website: (sottomaresf.com/Sotto_Ma)"Located at 552 Green Street, in the heart of North Beach, Sotto Mare provides an authentic Italian North Beach experience.We are proud to serve you the freshest fish and shellfish in town. Oysters and clams on the half shell, Boston style Clam Chowder, Baccala, Crab Cioppino, Louis salads, Seafood Pastas and Seafood Risotto are just a few of the items we offer.We feature a selection of fresh fish daily. Both our restaurant and banquet room are available, seven days a week, for private parties. And, for the convenience of those who like to cook, we also sell our fresh fish retail."This is one of their selling points... B/C they sell their fish retail, they always have the freshest product... As far as menu items their Chowder and Cioppino are the best in the city... The next table over, told us, "The Cioppino at Sotto Mare is billed as "enough for two", but seriously this tureen of sinfully delicious seafood could easily feed three...."
Have you ever ate something so great it made you Cry? Have you needed something like this so bad you can't sleep at night? Have you ever? Well here it is ..I dreamt so much about this place I felt like I was going crazy. Damn you great tasting Cioppino, and the lightly butter Scallops too. Reminder: Reservations Reservations!
Got the linguine and clams. Very fresh clams. Pasta was ok. But the sauce was a heavy white cream paste, gummy and tasteless. I had to add a ton of salt and pepper to give it any flavor at all. Really disappointed, given all the rave reviews.
We brought our nephew and his new wife here from Texas and this was their first experience with SF seafood. I was thrilled with the smoky interior, the view of the chefs cooking and the super lively waitresses, as well as the SPEED at which we received our order and additional requests like extra bread, a second bottle of wine, etc.Our young couple enjoyed a $40 serving of SF cioppino and it was a huge amount easily serving three! They ate their way through it and then complained about the amount of shell in the soup. I'm guessing crab legs may have been precracked. No way to predict this reaction since thats the way of seafood. We had a chuckle.I enjoyed a "Steamer clams" order which was only salty if you didnt use bread for the broth. Clams were all perfectly fresh, perfectly tender - not even close to rubbery or dry - this is well made shellfish. No mistakes here! Delicious!My partner had the daily fish - sanddabs which was a huge portion, and veg which was brussel sprouts. Locals like us know that you get whatever the daily veg is - because it is seasonal. Sprouts were just cooked enough, gorgeous looking, but I think I would have quartered those bad boys rather than halved them to make them moister, if that is possible. They were as good as brussel sprouts can be I think.I got the sand dabs left over to go and had them the next day for breakfast and they were FANTASTIC. We got a pinot noir which was fairly good - I think the wines could be upgraded. We just came from Clos Pegase, so we were looking for some WINE. We got two bottles.Absolutely delicious. If I could change one thing it would be to go with a different bread - sourdough sliced if at all possible. However I know how thin restauiarant margins are - and I must say that the food was so good we will come back in a few weeks to enjoy more. Thank you for the delicious meal and effevescent service!
The food was absolutely delicious! We had the sea bass, seafood linguine, blue cheese wedge salad, and tomato scallop pasta. If you feel like a home cooked Italian seafood meal, this is the place to be!
Fabulous. Enough said.Oh ... we made our clam linguine with an olive oil / chilli pepper / garlic sauce that's a lot lighter than their cream sauce or tomato based sauce. Highly suggest that combination for other lucky patrons.
Such a great experience here today! Amazing food and great staff! A must go if your in the area or planning ahead for some seafood!
The food is delicious: risotto, fresh fish, seafood pasta; however the Cippino is fantastic! I have lived in the neighborhood for a while and I am always very pleased with the service and food at Sotto Mare. The staff are excellent & make you feel like you are part of the family. A definite must to put on the bucket list of restaurants to eat in the city :)
A well deserved 5 stars on our first visit. The best seafood risotto or any risotto that I've ever had for that matter. I could eat that risotto every night and everything here is health consciously prepared.Service was excellent and super friendly. Will absolutely be back!!
Showed up and got yelled at by the hostess for standing near the front door which by the way is right by the hostess stand. She was extremely bitchy. Bad energy, so we got an Uber and left!
Cioppino was good and hearty, but don't think it made up for the wait and the price. The shellfish could have been better and the soup base should have been tastier. We sat at the bar, though, and were thoroughly entertained by the kitchen and cooking prep. House wine was mediocre. All-in-all I think this place caters to tourists and that should be taken into consideration if planning a meal here.
The freshest of seafoods (rivaled only by fisherman's wharf), quick and painless service, and the best prices around this area. What more could you expect? This joint not only has character, as evidenced by the decor and legacy left on the walls of the restaurant, but they provide hearty italian style seafood at an unbeatable price.Oyster Shooter:A raw oyster with some tomato juice, alcohol, salt, pepper, and lemon. A great appetizer to open your stomach with. Very fresh oyster.Oysters on Half Shell:West coast oysters. Very small and tasty. Cheap and fresh.Tiger Prawn Cocktail:Huge prawns served over a bed of lettuce with cocktail sauce. Again, very fresh seafood.Steamed Mussels: Fresh mussels in garlic butter. Nothing could go wrong unless the mussels are not fresh, and Sotto Mare definitely didn't disappoint.Cioppino: (MUST TRY)If you come here and try only one dish, this is the dish to try. The cioppino is a medley of crab, squid, mussel, scallops, clams slow cooked in a tomato broth. The broth goes extremely well with the bread, and the seafood flavor in the broth is unparalleled. Definitely the best dish we've tried here. You'll see that most tables do order at least one order of the cioppino. Best of all, its enough food to feed four people.PROTIP: Make reservations. Even though this place is small, they never hesitate to save a table for you if you're sure to come.
They amaze me every time. This is where I bring everybody who wants Italian. Everything is so fresh and tastyTheir seafood linguine is so good my friends had to literally pull the plate out of my hands since we agreed we would share.The clam chowder has a right balance of richness and flavor, unlike the commercial fatty chowder around pier 39.This place have changed many of friends' impression on Italian food, in a good way
3.4 Stars.Apparently Sotto Mare is known for their Cioppino. I would have to disagree with that. What's so special about it? Let me tell you the best part about it. The sauce. They give complimentary bread so make sure you ask for more and dip the bread in the sauce. That is a better dish than the dish iteself. The oysters were fresh. The oyster shooters didn't have much alcohol which was nice.The fettuccine with salmon was probably the highlight of the night.There's plenty of other resturants nearby that deserves the title BEST D*MN ----------. Not this place, not their cioppino.
Damn straight.Try to keep the yelp profanity to a minimum, this is a classy joint after all. But sometimes you need to reinforce menu statements such as:"BEST DAMN CRAB CIOPPINO"Includes a promise the $38 dish is enough for two. This is inaccurate. There was enough for four. Which is surprising considering how damn good it is.Overwhelming amount of seafood. Just rich enough broth. Slices of bread meant for great things like soaking up every last drop. So good. Damn good.Surprised we had room for a $17 tomato sauce based linguine with (trend alert) an overwhelming amount of seafood. Absolutely (another trend alert) outstanding.There is a chance our collective enthusiasm was skewed by being buzzed. That's what happens when wine is free while you wait.We left full, fully impressed and with a still full wallet. Staff running after us to deliver my forgotten credit card was icing on the five star cake.Damn straight five stars.
Came here to try out their Crab Cioppino and was amazed. The seafood was super fresh and the sauce was delicious. The serving size of this dish is actually just right for 2, leaning more towards the smaller side, however there was alot of seafood in it to make up for that.
This place is fantastic, service can be iffy but this is the kind of place you go to solely for the food! I got the clam chowder which I ended up ordering a 2nd bowl, the crab louis salad which was very fresh and my boyfriend got the mussels which were also very fresh and had amazing broth ! Next time I will get the Cioppino to share! The vibe in the restaurant is great like a New England seafood restaurant!
OMG Best ever from one Italian to anotherLoud but SUPER friendly .The Chiopiano is insane!!I will dream about this place back in FL
Sotto Mare is a must for seafood lovers! We had the ciopinno and it was absolutely fantastic. You can tell they use fresh seafood and the tomato sauce it's prepared in pairs perfectly. Use the bibs, you will need them...and maybe avoid wearing white clothing.The oyster shooters were also very good. Tastes like a Bloody Mary with a chewy surprise at the end.If you're going on the weekend make a reservation, Saturdays they are usually booked in advance.
Time: 6:17pmPurpose: Rounded the corner just went to the ATM at Citibank made a withdrawal. Was about to head over to Michael Angelo and Gigi calls me over to say hi I stood there in the cold shriving chatting. He invited me inside told this guy that he has reserved seating tonight at the bar counter. I kind of laugh and chunkle told him it's okay no worries she insisted for me to take a seat so I pluck down and kept quiet.Ambiance: Small narrow place with limited seating but the wait is worth it if you have to wait. Wall to wall of decos in relation to the sea makes you feel like you're near the ocean just no water to be seen or a ship sailing by.Try going to the back when it's cold outside because no one eats cold cioppino and that's exactly what will happen if you're seated near the entrance. As with all area places around here it's been in business before I was even born. I really like the place but was afraid that while eating my food a fight or shuffle ensues then with my fork near the mouth one hard violent movement might have the fork down my throat. It's not Gigi's fault the place was built like this when Americans were consider thin active and healthy lifestyle fast forward we're as big our car seats. Staff: Can't comment on others as Gigi was the only one attending me throughout my stay.Cleanliness: Seafood place with that sea feel design makes you want to eat more. It's clean though as in early mornings as I sometimes spots a cleaner blasting mats and cleaning out debris.Eats/Drinks: Cioppino with a twist made for my likings only and a order of oyster nestle on a bed of shave ice. Products: Seafood dishes,oysters,shrimps,scallops,wine,beer,crabs,crab legs,fishes,pasta dishes,shrimp cocktails etc.Punch Line: Cozy seafood place without the tech gadgets it's old school here also. Tourist will ask locals where to eat all the time I always say you have deep pockets then follow me.Final Thoughts: It's another one of those places were you must stop by to try the famous SM cioppino before going back home. For people who may have try cioppino elsewhere it's probably package base broth and seafood here it's totally a different ballgame. Make sure to wear something that you don't mind getting splashes of food particles on it because the bibs being offer will make you look like an baby adult. Like always buon appetito!
Sand dabs, baccala, bay shrimp salad and a cup of clam chowder! Also love their prosecco by the bottle. Atmosphere is always great but line is super long.. If you have a party of 3+, call ahead to make a reservation!
Honestly it is hard to not gain 30 lbs while visiting San Fran. There are so many great restaurants. This one was recommended by a local. It is very casual and busy. No dessert, no frills but such great food. We had a seafood pasta and the Cioppino. They were truly some of the best Italian seafood dishes we have had. I do not do reviews very often but felt compelled to do one on this place. Owners are both there seating people. They are so sweet and truly vested in their customers. LOVE LOVE LOVE. I don't know how anyone could be dissapointed.
Best restaurant in San Francisco! I have lived in San Francisco for over 3 years and live right up the street from here. I have been a few times and have never been disappointed. The cioppino is amazing and the service is awesome! Such a great atmosphere with fun music - they get everyone dancing and singing along. JR and Christina are the reason why my friends and I keep coming back. I love this place!
If you're looking for fantastic and fresh seafood, this is the place to go.  We tried the cioppino for two and they don't skimp one bit on the seafood, this pot was heaping. Lots of crab, calamari, shrimp, clams and mussels. It came out so fast at first I was nervous it must have been sitting around in some big batch all day, but the seafood was cooked to perfection, super moist, soft and fresh, they just are fast! This is a no frills restaurant, they don't come by and refill your wine glass, or check in on you every couple minutes, but the atmosphere is bustling, the hostess was a lot of fun and the food is fresh. Was not a fan of the bread at all, it seemed pretty stale and not great quality but there is no reason to fill up on bread here anyway.
I walked through all kinds of dangerous territory to get here. SF can be treacherous late at nite but we braved the mean streets of Chinatown, got sidetracked at union square, and navigated through a minefield of panhandlers to finally reach our destination in Little Italy. We had the Cioppino and it was off the hook, lick ur lips, mouthwatering amazing.. The owner was a trip too, very outspoken but nice lady. I think we bonded over watching the Giants win Game 3. Our waiter actually brought out our dish to us half full and came back later to give us another entire bowl for his mistake. When I say bowl, I mean like a huge jumbo sized metal bowl of deliciousness. loved it. Yeah, my fat ass had 3 servings and there was STILL leftovers. Crab, shrimp, clams, and penne pasta all in one dish?  Un-B-Leavable. If you love pasta and you love seafood, there is no better place than this.
I've walked by this place dozens of times. And each time I've moved on thinking it was just a tourist trap. Well, I finally hopped on Yelp, saw the rave reviews, and decided to give it a try. Verdict? This place is great. A classic SF seafood restaurant in the vain of Swan Oyster Depot (but without the funky hours and the three-hour lines of tourists).Except for my companion and myself, the host and staff to be close friends with every single person that walked in. The food was great. We decided to go with clam chowder (very good not breathtaking), dungeness crab salad (as good as I've had it in the city), and shrimp scampi (fantastic). The portions were huge.I definitely plan on coming back to try the Cioppino.
I came early on a Thursday night and they had no seats upstairs so they opened up the basement area for us. The 3 of us ordered a house salad and cioppino and we were extremely full! We don't eat too much but if you have a big appetite, you could probably finish one with 2 people. We were very surprised and pleased by how much seafood there was! The bread is perfect for dipping into the sauce
It is the best damn cioppino.Awesome environment, great portions.
Visited this place with friends in early November. First trip to San Francisco. I yelped this restaurant and the reviews were all glowing. I had never had cioppino and decided to try it. I can honestly say this dish was one of the best seafood dishes I've ever had. I found myself licking my fingers and asking for more bread to soak up the broth. I can't say enough about the food. We ordered west coast oysters and those were delicious as well. The waitress was down to earth and very accommodating. I can't wait to make the trip back to San Francisco to visit this restaurant again.
This place used to be one of my favorite spots in North Beach, I came here with a group of friends on a Tuesday evening and wow, this place has become a tourist trap, so sad to see it turn into this, the wait is long (of course), the food, IMHO, has gone down in quality, I used to come here for the fresh oyster (now pre-shucked) and the Louis crab/combo salad. The oysters were not so fresh and the combo Louis salad was a bit smelly, like old seafood, I'm still hoping I don't get sick. And then, because is so busy we were sat downstairs in an uber-hot room with no ventilation at all and only one server that was running around between at least 10 tables, only one server! so of course, attention to our table was completely lacking; sometimes when we go out to eat we go for the food, some other times we go for the service, last night we did not get good service, and the food was not as good. As a local supporter of local businesses I feel sad I cannot come back to this place that used to be a gem in crazy North Beach.
Fuck that other food get the Cioppino. You want spaghetti? Bring your own damn noodles and just mix it into the Cioppino.You don't like mussels? Give em to the table next to you and order the Cioppino.It says it's for two! I'm alone! Well too god damn bad. Order the Cioppino and take the rest home. But I'm wearing fancy clothes! GOOD THING YOU GET A BIB WHEN YOU ORDER THE CIOPPINO.Seriously, my friends ordered other things and they were underwhelmed. Order the Cioppino the sauce it comes is full of spices and the fact that the seafood soaks into it makes it even more delicious. Combined with the fact that you practically get half a crab, a few shrimps, some oysters, clams, and some squid in there you get a little bit of everything that makes Sotto Mare delicious. Only negative is I hate penne pasta, I prefer thinner noodles. Bread is kinda meh too. But beyond that, delicious.
Loved the food. The Cioppiano was awesome and I enjoyed the food. Service was HORRIBLE. We sat downstairs and pretty much were forgotten about the entire evening. The waitress really didn't do her job and I had to chase her down for 1) the menu then 2) remind her that she forgot to bring the wine 3) fill the water jug 4) the check. It was quite an ordeal. Please fix your service issue.
Best damn cioppino in the entire world. Seriously.This bowl of of cioppino is BIG. And it's filled to the brim with tasty pieces of fish, mussels, crab, clams, and squid. It's not filled with a bunch of fillers (only a couple pieces of pasta!). When it says made to be shared with two people, they mean it. My mom and I shared one order of this and we couldn't even finish the whole thing. I left feeling stuffed but extremely satisfied!Will be back for more bombass cioppino :)
Super delicious affordable mom-pop place! Tip: Come early (at 5PM) if you don't have a reservation. You want to beat the crowd but be able to have some room to breathe. You can only make a reservation if you have 3+ people.Atmosphere: Tiny but quaint and homey. Not much to say about thisFood: AMAZING. My boyfriend and I got the Chowder, Scallop Sautee, and Steamed Mussels.. All 3 are delicious. I liked how the Chowder had a lot of content rather than just liquid. It was tasty and went extremely well with the free bread. :) The Scallop Sautee was scrumptious and perfectly cooked. It came with 8 scallops in a buttery, garlicy, parsley-y sauce. It was tender and paired well with the bread as well. :) Last but not least, the steamed mussels were DIVINE. Each mussel was fresh and drenched in the broth. And of course... the broth paired perfectly with the bread. :)We decided to bring our own wine this time and there is a $10 cork fee, which isn't bad at all. I would definitely come back to try the Ciopinno. That is apparently the all-star of the restaurant.Until next time!
What a great place, it gets pretty packed but don't worry, they will make the wait go by very quickly with complimentary wine!Great service, always a smile and sooo accommodating, the cooks are a joyful bunch and make sure your order comes quick, fresh and absolutely delicious!The risotto is to die for but to be quite honest so was everything else :)This place is a MUST in SF best seafood in the bay area!!!Thank you so much and I will be back shortly, you can count on it!
This place is SO YUM!!! And everyone is so nice, they even give you a glass of wine when you're waiting for a table! It's a fun atmosphere, it has that really comfortable feeling that comes with being at a family-owned restaurant. We've tried almost everything on the menu and it is all fantastic! Love the decor, too! This is always out first choice when we're in north beach. Sometimes it's a long wait but it's worth it.
One of the best meals I've had. Great family run business, top notch service from all the staff, and the food...delicious! Fresh ingredients, full of flavor at a reasonable price. I can't wait to come back to San Fran so I can visit this restaurant again. Get here, you'll be happy you did!
It's looks like a former coffee bar with a long counter and small seating area. In other words, it's not fancy. We loved the food and look forward to going back. The service was great and so was the food. We had the pesto pasta and crab Louis, both of which I'd love to have again.
San Francisco will undoubtedly throw unique challengers at its local businesses because of its unique culture and the numerous events which take place in the city because it is a world class city. After jor such event (santacon), me and my girlfriend were denied service 4 times even though the bar had many open seats. The man at the door was very blunt about the fact that he was not letting us in because our clothing indicated that we were celebrating santacon that night and apparently l they had been burned by someone in a Santa costume before.mEither way, they treated us like garbage all night, even though we ordered a $40 dish. Multiple people from management tried to kick us out based purely on our association with the santacon event, despite ZERO display of inappropriate behavior. MEven after I Made it clear that we were there for a real dinner, we were Barely allowed to sit down and were rushed throughout the entire meal. Food was great. Managers were TERRIBLE. I won't be returning.
Awesome food great service ,surprise my wife for lunch for her birthday , we had a dozen of fresh oyster on the half shell and the famous cioppino and smoke salmon fettuccine ......
+ Cioppino. DUH!+ Super friendly, if not slightly rambunctious owner!+ Attentive serviceCame on a Tuesday night with a girlfriend to check out the much-raved-about cioppino. Took about half an hour to get seated (arrived at 7pm, seated ~7:30pm) at the bar as we did not have prior reservations.Had the CIOPPINO FOR TWO ($38) and a carafe of the house pinot grigio (half liter, $14). The cioppino definitely lived up to its hype. Pre-cracked crab, easy-to-peel shrimp, brimming with mussels, clams, etc! The only complaint is that they seem to have run out of the big metal pot with a lid that the cioppino was served in for other tables. Ours came in a big porcelain bowl which did not have a lid. It would have been great to have a lid to keep our cioppino warm while working on it. On the bright side, our individual bowls came pre-heated. The penne at the bottom of the bowl was ingenious! Getting your carbs in without needing to rely on bread-dipping. We (two skinny Asian girls) scarfed down the entire bowl - it was that good. The house pinot grigio paired well with the cioppino - slightly sweet, fruity flavor. Much better deal to get the half liter than the glass ($14 vs $8). The owner is a jolly, rambunctious gentleman who cracked jokes with customers who were waiting to be seated. I could tell he had had quite a bit of wine from his breath as he seated us. Quite a cheerful fellow if you ask me. As we were leaving, he was singing along to Italian opera. Love it! No dessert served here! See here for "dessert menu": yelp.com/biz_photos/8dUa
oh. my. goodness. it's been 24 hours and I'm already dreaming abut the next time I can have a bowl of the Best Damn Crab Cioppino. I mean, it is one of the most perfect things this seafood obsessed girl has ever eaten. I came here with a group of 4 and we split 2 bowls of the seafood crack, some oysters (East and West Coast), the shrimp and scallop saute (as an appetizer) and a bottle of wine. The others also got the Clam Chowder, which got rave reviews. The shrimp and scallop saute was brought out as an appetizer, so we each got 1 piece of either seafood. Honestly, the scallops were average but the shrimps were perfectly cooked. Decent dish, but I think next time we would go with the sand dabs or another one of the specials. Great ambiance, classic SF seafood, CIOPPINO ALL OVER MY BIB (sorry I'm not sorry).
Crowded, long wait, seated at the bar.. And had one of the best dinners ever. Arrived at around 6:30 on a Saturday night and had about an hour wait. Went to the bar next door for a drink and enjoyed the neighborhood hangout kind of atmosphere, including conversation with some locals. We were there for the cioppino and weren't disappointed. We're big eaters, and heard the cioppino was enough for four, so figured it would be about right for the two of us. Tons of shellfish in a rich tomato broth, plenty of sourdough bread, and a fun, lively atmosphere..including an impromptu sing-a-long with the owner to a classic rock song. Loved this place!
Came up to the city for a one day excursion. We were hunting around for a Italian joint on north beach and found this gem. On the outside, it's a small hole in the wall looking joint and on the inside is a great family run atmosphere, very nice to eat! We had to wait for a bit, it's to be expected on a afternoon with no reservation!    The complimentary bread was a little cold and hard to break, however the inside was soft and went well with the included olive oil and the balsamic vinegar. We ordered two portions of the seafood linguine which was more than enough for 4 people, two adults and two kids. The pasta was very competitively priced versus scomas. the pasta rivaled scomas in my opinion with huge jumbo shrimp, succulent oysters and amazing soft linguine with a very tasty tomato sauce (you have an option between wine, tomato crime and red tomato). While the presentation wasn't as good as scomas, this makes for a great lunch spot!
Must get Crab Cioppino and Mussel Steamers. Waitress was excellent but the person who cleaned up our table was very careless with the dishes, spilling stuff over us.
Great seafood, not super pricey, definitely "homey," not what I'd call refined San Francisco food. But still really yummy. Portions are solid (goes along with the homey) and the scallops are always cooked perfectly. Definitely a solid go-to type spot.Cons: lots of other people know about the goodness, so expect waits. Also, the atmosphere is.. interesting, so not really what I'd call a first or second date kind of spot.Owners are super nice and very accommodating. :)
Parking is very difficult. Come prepared to wait unless you are a party of 3 or more then reservations are recommended!
So stupid reservation system. We arrived here 15 min ago our reservation time. But they said when the people sitting on my table left, we could get our table. We were arrived there ahead of our reservation time, so we were totally okay with it. BUT, we had to wait for more than 50 min. We saw many people who just walked in sit before us but they kept saying we had to sit 'our table', so we had to wait and wait and wait... what a stupid system!!!!!!! I really dont understand!
Great chowder, but thats about it.Between my friends and I - we got oysters, chowder, the risotto, clam linguine, smoked salmon fettuccine, sea food linguine, and another fettuccine. The oyster were decent but not great, chowder was delicious, most of the pasta dishes were decent (and they do give you a good amount of sea food in it), but the risotto was a bit dry & bland... and the sea food linguine was extremely over-cooked. The noodle were mushy and borderline disgusting, and the sea food was very over-cooked as well. But what bumped this from a 3 star to a 2 was the big fat attitude of the hostess and the waitress. Had high hopes for this place, but was very sadly disappointed.
Stumbled upon this place on one my visits to SF, before I moved here. It's a Charming, little hole in the wall place. And you know how good those little gems can be. We enjoyed a glass of wine on the house while we waited. That was enough to hook us the first time; Italian hospitality at its finest. The food brought us back. The best damn crab cioppino is just that. Get it! Oh my gosh! Just enough for two (you'll be full). I can't rave about this enough. Yum! Delicious! I want some right now. So so so good. Pasta frutti di mare is also yum yum. Mmmmm. Their seafood is fresh and delicious and just good. Go if you're in town. Go if you can't think of anywhere else to go. Go if you're craving seafood. Go! Buon appetito!
Best clam chowda in North Beach! Hands down best seafood in North Beach, too! I always get clam linguini and steam clams are excellent too! And if you never had sand dabs, then you gotta try them...it's like sole! :)
Best Cioppino I have ever had in the history of ever. My boyfriend and I shared the dish and it was definitely enough. This place is really old school and adorable. I recommend sitting at the counter for a behind the scenes show of everything being made. There will most likely be a wait, so put your name down and explore little italy a little bit before your AWESOME meal.
The reviews on here speak for themselves. Great food. Great ambiance. Good location. Good service. Reservations for groups of more than two are recommended because they are usually packed. Came here after a long tour of Alcatraz and the food really warmed us up and hit the spot. Can't wait for the next visit!
Went there for my birthday party of five on Fri, 1/10. The house was packed but Louise, Mary, Shelly and all took great care of us. Great food and fun atmosphere. Thank you all!
I feel like it's a rookie mistake to come here and not have the cioppino, but alas, that's what happened. We had some great oysters, and decent risotto, but the cioppino looked like it would make this a five-star restaurant. The portions for everything looked generous and fair to the price. I'm so glad that they are a real Italian restaurant with fresh and fragrant seasonings, and not an "Italian-American" place that drenches everything in white sauce (/alfredo).Even though it's small, they pack everyone efficiently and we were seated in no time. They take reservations only if you're three or more. It did take awhile for a server to notice us and take our order, but the owner is clearly passionate about her business, and she made the rounds checking to make sure everything was okay.
Best cioppino I have ever had with huge chunks of crab. One is enough for two, and I was stuffed at the end of the meal. The place has a pretty casual atmosphere and is off of the main strip of Columbus in North Beach. They have outside seating, which is perfect for us since we have a dog we like to take with us.
Yaaaaaaaaaay! This place has so much history. It reminds me of Swan Oyster Depot with just the counter seating (well this place has outdoor seating actually) and with all the knick knacks on the walls collected over the years.Service is great, food is awesome, what else can I say......We came for the cioppino but changed our minds and decided to wait until wintertime (since it was like 75 degrees outside)We got a quartet of wine, scallop fettucine, and clam chowder, all of which were LEGITTT and the free bread was great too! The scallop fettucine was goooood, the sauce def grabbed that scallop flavor (in a GOOD way)Can't wait to come back for cioppinooooooooo
Excellent CIOPPINO and oysters and all other seafood items. There is nothing more to say about it other than the food is worth the effort to get in here. Don't be surprised if the service is sometimes a bit gruff - Tourist zones tend to be that way.The wait on weekends is out of this world. So I recommend locals to come on weeknights to avoid all the tourists. It is North Beach after all. But if you must come during the madness hours make a reservation!If you have really lost control of the situation and wind up walking in here during peak hours with no reservations then be prepared to wait 1hour plus. The good thing is they give you a buzzer thingy that works anywhere on the block. So go across the road for a glass of wine or go next door to the dive for a cocktail and wait for that buzzer to light up.The food is very much worth the trek. Oh and wear the bib! It's part of the experience!
Summary: The Best Damn Crab Cioppino is the best I've had. Was it life changing and mind blowing? No, but it's worth trying once to meet Gigi, find a decent Italian place in North Beach worth a splurge and feast on super fresh seafood in a fun, homey atmosphere.When I read other reviews about the cozy decor and family-like feel, I thought it would be kitschy and cliche, but I was wrong. Gigi runs Sotto Mare like it's a hole-in-the-wall family-owned diner in a suburb. The staff greeted regulars and chatted with customers, like friends. Our service was prompt and perfectly attentive without being overbearing. We were given bibs, and it just felt right to put it on, in spite of my usual feelings of being a toddler again with a bib.My friend and I met at Sotto Mare for dinner at 7 on a Tuesday night and barely waited 5 minutes for a table. Don't worry if there's a wait. I saw waiting diners later on that night being given glasses of house wine; on the house, I assume. Seating looks limited from the view at the host stand, but there's seating on other floors, and boy, do they turn tables fast. We split the Cioppino for $38 (pre-tax/tip) and skipped drinks, which was wise since we BARELY finished between the two of us. The tomato broth/sauce had a very mild kick, which gave the dish some depth and complexity. More than being an amazing tomato sauce (which they sell in quarts), the star was the seafood. Some of the freshest and plumpest scallops, shrimp, crab, mussels and clams I've had in a very long time. I was impressed that the crab was so fresh and well-cooked that I didn't have to wrestle it very much (and splatter myself in the process) to get to the sweet, juicy meat. The cioppino included some penne, also, but there was so much seafood and sauce that I ended up mopping up a lot of it with the house bread.I'd love to come back again with more people to try more dishes, but above all, I'm glad I found somewhere worthwhile in North Beach. Italian in North Beach is pricey just about everywhere with no stellar go-to's, but it looks like Sotto Mare has just become my North Beach go-to. Wahoo!
Best meal in North Beach EVER! Over the years I've been up and down Columbus and in fact I have tried Sotto Mare few years ago but probably just didn't order the right things that time. Now everyone talks about the cioppino but we didn't order that. We ordered the linguini with manila clams and the scallops saute and they were both soooo good! (See pictures I took :) They do not skimp on clams or scallops and they were so fresh and delicious. They were all perfectly cooked and seasoned.The reason why I think it was such an awesome meal was probably because we were seated at the end of the counter right in front of where they cook all the food. It was like dinner and a show watching them do everything from the cioppino to the pasta dishes. Be warned - they do use A LOT of butter and cream so if you're health conscious you may not want to sit there and see how much of it they put in the dishes.  The other thing is it does get really hot sitting there but I loved watching them make the food. Again - best meal in North Beach ever and I will go back all the time now!
This place is A M A Z I N G! Seafood Italian??? I love seafood and I love Italian. What could possibly go wrong? Nothing!! Maybe it'll burn a hole in your wallet a little lol! Anyway I would definitely burn a hole in my wallet again if I ever come back to San Francisco. I had seafood linguini which consisted of a cream sauce that just intertwined perfectly with the shrimp, mussels, clams, scallops, and squid. The seafood is so fresh I think I could taste the ocean. I do not like the tiny prawns mixed in my pasta.  I didn't let those suckers rain on my seafood linguini parade. I just picked them out no big deal. They didn't have a kids menu so I ordered a $20 salmon plate for my two sons.. One infant and a toddler. They gobbled it up!! My sons are already high maintenance ;_;
The first thing I'll say is they DO have the best chippino I've ever tasted. The key seems to be that they make it to order and cook the pasta in the broth so the starch thickens it and the pasta is full of flavor. Good oysters and cold crab as well. The service, though. I'm normally one who ignores bad service if the food is great. In this case the experience was really effected. The staff was downright hostile to our party of 3 alternative looking young people. They were very warm with another group consisting of 3 middle age Italian women, so if you match this description try out the great food. If not, prepare to find out just how bad service can be.
OMG, by far the best non-chinese style seafood I've eva had...and I've had non-chinese style seafood from Maine to Florida to Canada (BC and Ontario) to Barbados, Bermuda etc. Definitely the BEST cioppino, full of flavour, I even thought to ask for a bowl of pasta just so I can pour the broth over some pasta! and the oysters (from both east & west coast) and clams by the half shell..sooo yummy and fresh, even found a tiny crab moving on one of the clams!!! And the lobster ravioli was deeeelicious! Not to mention the bountifully garlic sauce on the sautee scallop and prawns? OMG x infinity!!! we tried making a reservation on a Saturday afternoon but was told they were no longer taking resies for that night and it was walk ins only. so we decided to go for 5:30pm. It was already packed inside, with the hostess basically advising us there is no wait..until my party inquired about sitting outside. The hostess was surprised we were willing to sit outside under the canopy as it had rained during the day and it was a touch chilly. Being 4 Canadians used to sub zero temperature, we didn't find it cold and in the end, found it was to our advantage as it was quite stuffy inside..whereas we were able to comfortably enjoy our fabulously delicious dinner in the fresh air! Thankx to my fellow Yelpers for your review., we picked this place for dinner...and to be honest, this was better than the meal we had @ Tadich Grill earlier this month! Will take a cab here from the hotel next time to avoid the headache of parking! After circling around for 15 min, we ended up parking across the street for $25. Totally recommend this place x 100.By the way, even though they were full inside and out, the servers were always asking how we were and taking away our used dishes everytime they were outside. Awesome service!!!Totally coming back here next time in town...but may opt out to cab here to avoid the parking headache.
I came here Friday with my good friend Brian who is a regular. This place is amazing! I'm visiting from Chicago, a great eating city, and this place definitely did not disappoint. The host and owner (I believe her name was Louise) was beyond lovely, the oysters and scallops were the best I've ever had, and overall it was an amazing time. Thank you for the best time!
Cioppino was really really good. Although with our first time having it, we have nothing to compare it to. The tomato based sauce in it had that ripe good tomato sweetness. And combined with a seafood flavor, it made the dish really stand out. My husbands clam chowder was good, but not as good as clam chowder from home (Pismo Beach). Their house salad is just lettuce with a few tomato slices and pink dressing. Nothing to rave about. Also People buy fresh fish there, so that speaks of quality. The reason I'm dropping a star are: 1. It took a looong time to get our food. They did give us our wine for free though. 2. There were no tools to get crab meat out of the crab, pathetically picking at it with a fork is no fun!
I've been wanting to try Sotto Mare since I moved to the city years ago. Finally came here at 5:30pm on a Saturday to avoid the long lines, and got seated right away outside. There were 3 of us. We ordered a dozen oysters, the cioppino, and seafood linguini. Everything was so tasty! The cioppino was probably one of the best I've ever had, loaded up with tons of crab and meats. Seafood linguini was buttery and
Crab Louis was very good. Sweet, abundant crab and a fresh savory sauce on iceberg lettuce. There's enough for two to share. Then cioppino for two. Plenty of seafood in a rich tomatoey base. There were penne underneath, which we thought was strange--but then we hadn't ever had cioppino before. It was all very good. Service is brusque but efficient and once we got seated, we were taken care of quickly. However...it was frankly not worth a two-hour wait outside in 50 degree weather. It was a Saturday night, so I guess that explains something. I would try during the week or for lunch. There's lots of Italian restaurants nearby, but this was the only one where people were waiting.
Excellent Service. Great vibe. Wonderful food.My cousin and I ordered the Ciopinno and it was delicious. Though, I have to be honest, my favorite Cioppino is still at Anchor Oyster Bar, Sotto Mare's is a very very close second. We also ordered a dozen oysters. Since they were local oysters those were of course very good and fresh.I will return.
A pleasant restaurant the minute you walk into the place. The total staff was friendly, professional , and efficient. The decor of the restaurant reminded me of "old" San Francisco (pictures on the wall, smell of "good " food, and plenty of it around) The clam linguine and the scallops where very tasty and just enough sauce to soak it up with the left over french bread. The meal cost was average given the North Beach location compared to the other restaurants in the area. The place got crowded fast, or maybe because of the limited dining tables. Regardless, the food was tasty, hot, and plentiful.
Came here a while back and remembered i enjoyed the meal so I came back and voila nothing has changed! The seafood is fresh and not too heavy. I guess that's the thing I like about the food here. It's full of flavor but its not heavy on the butter, oil, or spices. You can actually taste the flavor of the seafood without heavy sauces drowning it. Yes the other reviews (practically all) have mentioned the Cioppino, but it really is that amazing! Ordered some more, mussels, pasta, sand dabs, nothing disappointed me.Well.. the clam chowder was okay but c'mon you don't come here for clam chowder. Service? Also amazing; staff is attentive and gets things done quickly. Doesn't disappoint!!!
Was here last night to celebrate a friend's birthday. Hostess was very cordial, sat us right away. Food was excellent, we had the steamed clams/mussel combo for starters, she had the sand dabs and I had the cioppino. The best part of the sand dabs is they were filets, no fooling with the little bones. The cioppino was enough to feed 3 people, I took enough home for two more meals. I would definitely recommend this place, but get there early because it gets crowded fast.
Worst waitress ever!!!!!!, Shelley .I didn't have a yelp account before, but thought this horrible experience warranted opening one just to save other yelpers from a similar experience.Went to this restaurant while in San Francisco. Definitely a place for tourists. Should not have an Italian name and be located in little Italy if you serve pasta that is precooked. Just stick to fish. Cioppino is not served with pasta, and overcooked penne pasta at that. The waitress is another story, Shelley. She was the most belligerent person I've ever met in my life! She treated every customer with such disrespect, we thought we were on candid camera and kept waiting for someone to pop out and say this was a joke. This person should not have any type of job that deals with another human being. I kept hearing her say to each table how she was the only waitress in the area and she would get to them whenever, that was her excuse for bad service I guess. She went on and on about how they will customize your order if you don't see a pasta combination on the menu, but when we did want to change an item, she complained that we didn't notice how small their kitchen was and it was too busy to add a chopped tomato to our pasta. If the kitchen can't handle the amount of tables in the restaurant, they shouldn't have added all the tables down stairs in the "dungeon" room and just keep it manageable upstairs instead. It's just another tourist place that puts customers through a conveyor belt type experience. Not only did she deliver over cooked pasta, we were given linguine with a few "surprise" penne pasta pieces. These two pastas have entirely different cooking times, and this just highlights the lack of quality control.This restaurant should stick to seafood and drop the pasta, unless they hire a real Italian chef. Usually trip advisor is right on, but this time not. The manager apologized for this terrible experience and did compensate us for one of the pasta dishes, but probably should have comped the entire check since it was truly the worst dining experience I've ever had. The restaurant does not deserve to be number 5 in San Francisco.
I brought my boyfriend here about 2 years ago for his bday (he is Italian and we both love seafood), it quickly turned into our favorite restaurant and we have been back almost once a month (which says a lot for a city with so many amazing places to chow down).The cioppino is by far the best I've ever had (maybe even better than my boyfriends grandpa's-shhh). All the staff are super friendly, and make you feel at home. Wine while you wait (decent house wine), many hugs and overall a wonderful atmosphere.PS- tasty oyster shooters too!
North Beach resident. I Finally went to Sotta Mare for the cioppino with a friend on Tuesday for dinner. A few hours after we left she started feeling sick. About an hour after that I started getting a stomach ache. That stomach ache led to severe stomach pains for the next 5-6 hours. For this reason alone I would not go back but I also found the cioppino fairly mediocre. The quantity of seafood for $40 wasn't impressive and at least one of the staff members was barking rude comments at other staff.
If you want to have a great meal and to impress out of town guests, this isn't the restaurant for you. If you are looking for a lively restaurant with a young, drunk and touristy crowd with very average food in North Beach, by all means, give it a try. The food is super basic, borderline boring. The Cioppino has pasta in it, and is if fact exactly like the linguine with seafood dish, but it has more sauce and a different pasta. We know, we ordered both, and honestly they were identical in flavor. The bread is an embarrassment to North Beach. Please, we aren't in Mexico. The wine, undrinkable. The place is dirty. The basement is smelly. It was filled with tourists and drunk 24 year olds. Maybe that's fun?! San Francisco is loaded with good food. This place seems to be resting on laurels.
Wonderful little place. Fantastic fresh local seafood. The cioppino, sand dabs, seafood pasta, and oysters (and oyster shooters) were all wonderful. Two caveats: it's very loud, and if you go for dinner on a weekend be prepared to wait for a while (we waited around 45 minutes for a table for 2).
Best cioppino in life! I attend this place when i want some cioppino i have ate alot of cioppino in my life but i have yet to eat one better than Sotto Mare. Yes they are busy as hell. Yes they are family owned! yes it is horrible trying to get seated on Friday night! but Yessssss It is worth the wait! I try to go when its not as crowded Mon - Thursday I will be headed in tonight! P.S. They have a wonderful Staff!
Amazing food, great prices. Don't miss it!
Seriously the absolute Best linguine and seafood with white sauce. It's a cross between alfredo and garlic wine sauce WORDS CANNOT DESCRIBE HOW GOOD IT IS. Nothing comes close from any Italian restaurant I've been to. Make reservations because the wait is long. We started out with mussel and clam steamers in broth. Dip the French bread in broth, amazing. Then our main course of linguine and seafood. Must do the white sauce, not red. I asked for recipe but of course it was a polite No This place is small but heaven if you want authentic Italian food. 20 stars if I could. We r going back next weekend.
This is my all time favorite place in the city to dine. I love their pesto without cream (which they can do by request). They serve you a glass or two of wine during your wait. I am always happy with this place. They have quality cioppinos, lobster, fish from every array, on different nights of the week. Please visit them whether you're a local or a tourist. I sort of wanted to keep them a secret, but the secret is definitely out. It's all worth the wait.
As if you needed another review of this outstanding neighborhood establishment to decide whether it's worthy of your taste buds. This is one of my must go-to spots every time I visit SF. Unfortunately, like most really good neighborhood places, it has been discovered by my fellow tourist (hence the # of reviews). Expect to wait in a long line but expect it to be worth it. Remember the bar next door has some of the cheapest drinks in SF.
Seafood isn't my usual go-to choice, but Sotto Mare really does it right. I tried the lobster ravioli, clam chowder and the crab cioppino. All of it was delicious. I especially liked how they served the cioppino after we finished the first two dishes.**This restaurant would have received a definite 5-star rating if it weren't for the rude hostess (I'm assuming she might have been the owner) NOTE TO FUTURE CUSTOMERS: don't get on her bad side... she will yell at you :(
My Lord the Cioppino {$41.00} was the Show Stopper, yet again. Just Dip a piece of buttered bread in the sauce and you're in Italy heaven.& The "Sand Dab" PLEaSE GET IT. Equally as good as the Cioppino in my opinion. Highly recommend getting a Reservation a wk prior if your party is 4.I'm glad I did, unless you like to walk around for 45min. Monday seems to be the busiest they said. nonetheless, worth the wait and price! PARKInG WAS IMPOSSIBLE. Suggest getting a taxi.Thanks also4the wonderful service as well.Will be back soon.
The cioppino is YUM! Husband and I shared the cioppino and an order of plain fettucine alfredo for something starchy. We were both so stuffed at the end of the meal. This was one of the BEST meals we had on our trip to SF. It's sad that we live in so cal and cannot have this more often. :(
Cioppino was delicious, not too salty, and really hits the spot. It feeds two! I've eaten a lot of cioppino and this is one of the top spots!Baccala wasn't as great as everyone says, it's basically a sardine, tomato, and olive oil spread. Could have gone without it.Raw clams and oysters, were fresh.Oyster shooters were also good!Although the service sucked (our food took forever to come out and waitress didn't check up on us at all) and (from my observation) the employees were rather rude, this place was packed. It is not a romantic place, nor is it a place for large parties, but it is reasonably priced and a great place for a casual dinner. Sort of reminds me of a market place diner, loud and busy.
My boyfriend and I went here for dinner around 5 to avoid a huge rush. We still needed to wait about 10 minutes but the hostess gave us each a glass of wine so the wait was painless. We ordered the cioppino for two, the baccala, and half a dozen clams. Everything was amazing. It was my first time having cioppino, but my boyfriend said it was the best he'd ever had. It wasn't just small scraps of seafood. It was good pieces of crab, mussels, nice pieces of calamari, and there was some pasta in there too. We soaked up that broth with some crusty bread and left so happy. Definitely a place I'd go to again. The baccala was delicious too. It's something my boyfriend grew up eating and he said Sotto Mare did a good job. The clams were what you'd expect. Fresh tasting with a nice spicy ketchup. But next time I'd skip the clams since no place can really do raw seafood much differently.
Crab ciopinno is to die for!!! Who cares that the bread was tough? Not me. Small narrow restaurant with lots of character. Water readily available at the table. Don't forget to order the crab ciopinno, you wont regret it, perfect for 2 was also spot on.
My friend from SF recommended this place to me and I am so glad he did! The meal was outstanding - we ordered "The Best Damn Crab Cioppino" and it was plenty for the two of us (who are not the lightest eaters around). So fresh and flavorful, and fun to eat. A third friend of ours ordered the prawn entree, which was also delicious and featured nice, large prawns instead of the tiny shrimp you are sometimes served at lesser restaurants. The atmosphere is very cozy as the place is quite small and always packed. Mounted fish and traps create a friendly and authentic seafood restaurant feel.
Sitting outside is best.I was referred to Sotto Mare from a local I meet while in San Fran for a conference. I took the street car to the Warf and walked from there. A short walk, maybe a mile, somewhat uphill.Right from the start I could tell I was I picked the right place. A small outside seating area gave way to a cozy inside, with the warmth and feel of a place you'd feel right at home.I ended up sitting outside to enjoy the local neighborhood vibe and ended up sitting next to the owner, Gigi. He recommended the sand dabs so I went with that; as well as the chowder (based on my locals recommendation) and 6 oysters.Chowder was creamy and you could tell homemade, oysters were fresh and the sand dabs, lightly sauted and browned perfectly were delicious (and a gigantic portion).
Order THE "BEST DAMN CRAB CIOPPINO" and pair with their Zinfandel from Sonoma. Simply delicioso.
Just some quick info for the restaurant in case someone reads this.We confirmed a reservation multiple times over the phone, but the non-English speaking person on the phone couldn't get the name right and then the hostess had the guts to be ridiculous rude and went on to try to start an argument with me that the spelling was wrong, even though it was a typo or error by the staff.This was around 7:20pm, 8/7
Had the big pot of seafood- the Ciopinni- and the sauce was superb. So tasty. The seafood in it was all good. My wifes meal was not so good however. And the fact that the hostess seated someone who came in 25 minutes after us because she knew them was also a minus. Did it right in front of us. And yes, there are no reservations for parties of two so I know they didn't get in because of that. So a hit and miss
Best seafood in town! I highly recommend the coppino to anyone coming to this restaurant. It's amazing. The service was a bit slow but the amazing food countered any slowing in service.
Vacationing in San Francisco with the family and wife wanted seafood, did a search and the top choice near us was the Sotto Mare. Due to the limited street parking in San Francisco, we arrived 15 minutes early to try to find parking. After circling the block a few times without success, I decided to drop off the family in front (at the no parking sign) and go searching on my own. As we disembark, an older gentleman sitting at the front table asks us if we are eating here. When we say yes, he moves the no parking sign and tells us to park our car. It turns out that the old man was the owner Gigi!As a party of seven, when we walked into the restaurant, I didn't see any space for us. There was a massive bar on one side and a few small tables pushed against the other side. However, we were lead to the back and down the stairs into a cozy room underground. It was a bit dark but warm and inviting.We read the reviews on yelp and knew that we were going to order the crab cioppino and clam chowder. Both were the best cioppino and clam chowder we ever had! I also ordered the prawns and scallops and they were perfectly cooked. Our kids are picky eaters so we ordered the penne pasta with pomodoro sauce and it was excellent, they loved it.I've never been fans of oysters but decided to try them out. They have two varieties, west and east coast oysters. The west coast was described as more briny than the east version. We ordered half a dozen east coast oysters and they were amazing!Whether you're a native of the city or a tourist like us, Sotto Mare is a place that shouldn't be missed. Excellent food and wonderful service.
A must-stop on every trip to San Francisco! On the last one, I learned the locals call it "Gigi's", never "Sotto Mare". You're welcome!
The seafood restaurant is around the corner from my grandparents' place and it gets crowded! My family and I went here around 6:30 on 5/14/11 and waited 10 minutes. We were told a 20 minute wait. When we left the restaurant, there was a huge line. We got seated in the downstairs private dining room. The space was tight, but it wasn't as noisy and crowded as upstairs. The menu is small, but the food was good! At the bottom of the menu, it states, "NO MEAT - NO CHICKEN - NO TRANS FAT!" Yay for no meat. We ordered the following:1) Clam Chowder Bowl ($6.50) - Okay. I've had creamier chowder. In addition, there was a lot of sand from the clams. Dislike.2) Ciopinno ($33) - Wow! This a huge cauldron of seafood in marinara sauce. Lots of fresh crab, mussels, clams, squid, shrimp, and baby scallops. This dish feeds enough for 3 people, and you can easily get full. Put the bread in the sauce to soak up the flavors.3) Seafood risotto ($19) - I liked this dish too. The same seafood from the ciopinno was used here. The risotto was creamy. My hubby said that was a little too salty though.4) Pesto Fettuccine ($12) - The pesto was mixed with cream. Bleh. I still ate the dish, but it was extremely rich and oily. Service was fine. We always got refills with bread. In addition, it's nice that every table received a pitcher of water. I would come back to try the sand dabs. Website: sottomaresf.com/index.php
This is one of my all time favorite restaurants in the the city. The seafood is so fresh and really reminds me of a home cooked Italian meal. Kind of a hole in the wall place but is always packed. Omg the food is just so good that just thinking about it makes me hungry.
Great local business. Love that they still operate with with family. Food is always solid here. The cioppino and the oysters are a must try here! Make sure you come early or make a reservation this place always gets packed!
The best, the best, the best! I have never had a better experience, better seafood and when they say they have the best cioppino, they really hands down do! Do yourself a favor and try and get there early, one (happy hours even better) and two sit at the counter if you can. It's an experience and a joy and heaven all in one! I'm tellin' ya!
I love this place. I live in LA and visit San Francisco often. This is my number one choice for cioppino.  It is always awesome. If you ever are in the area it is a must!!!
My Husband and I got married at city hall.. then came here for lunch.  They had a decently packed place, but we got seated right away. They treated us like royalty, they totally doted on us... which i have to say has made us loyal customers for LIFE. We ordered the variety of oysters which were fresh, perfectly chilled and with the perfect salty brine of the ocean. Amazing starter. We split the Special seafood pasta. The sauce was light and with the right amount of butter and garlic. The seafood (scallops, shrimp and mussels) was clocked to perfection. My Hubs still talks about that pasta. We will have to make it back to SF to relive our vows and eat-that-amazing-pasta!Thank you to those who run this joint. I will forever love it.
Located in the heart of Little Italy, Sotto Mare is tucked between a street of other restaurants. However, it stands out with its fresh seafood offerings. I came here alone (after one of my friends bailed on me) so unfortunately could not order the cioppino I so wanted to try. The cioppino only comes in one size and so is not suited for a party of one. Instead, I asked for the waitress' recommendation of an SF specific food and she pointed me to the petrole sole, one of two local fish on the menu. And now begins the food breakdown. I started off with the bread and butter. Nothing spectacular - the bread wasn't very fresh and the crust threatened to break my teeth. Luckily, I wasn't there for the bread.I couldn't resist getting at least one oyster and so I ordered a West Coast oyster for $1.50. IT WAS DELICIOUS. The best oyster I've ever had. I've never really understood the hype until now but this oyster was so fresh with a tinge of saltiness. The entree itself was meh. While I don't doubt what the waitress said about its freshness, the breading/grilling process overwhelmed the taste and texture of the fish. It was definitely overcooked, and I found myself unable to appreciate the fish because the taste of the oil was too overwhelming. The vegetables that came with it were standard, probably doused in butter, a tradition I will never understand. There was one outstanding aspect to the dish - the tomato-caper sauce that came in its own dish on the side. This creamy tomato sauce was amazing, and I found myself dipping everything from the fish, to the vegetables, to even the bread so I could soak up as much of the delicious goodness as I could. However, in hindsight, I probably would have enjoyed the meal more if I had just skipped the entree and ordered 20 bucks worth of oysters. :P I would like to come back sometime to try the cioppino but the other seafood entree was underwhelming.
OMG the crab cioppino here is to die....hot, rich, flavorful and bursting with fresh crab, mussels, clams, fish, scallops, prawns and ladled over penne pasta. But I guess this isn't news, lol. The complimentary baguette was perfect for soaking up the delectable broth. Hubby and I didn't leave a drop! We also had oysters on the half shell and the clam chowder. Both items were perfection. Service was amazing! It was last Saturday and we had worked up an appetite touring SF MOMA. We arrived a few minutes before 6pm and were the first in line waiting for vacant seats in an already-packed, hustling and bustling restaurant. There's seating along the lengthy bar, but tables are limited...less than a dozen with no one table being able to accommodate more than maybe 5. There are also a few al fresco tables as well. Anyhoo, the hostess (and possibly owner?) was really sweet and, 5 minutes into our wait, generously offered us complimentary glasses of red wine. She also did this for others who were waiting behind us. How cool is that?!We were seated at the bar approximately 10 minutes after initially arriving, which was really fun because we got to see all the action!  The rest of the staff was just as wonderful as the hostess, constantly checking in on us to see if we were happy with our meal, if there was anything we needed, and cheerfully re-filling our bread basket. When we left, there was a loooooooooong line that extended well past the entrance. We really lucked out on our first visit and because of such a delicious and positive experience, I'll definitely be back for more!
A fresh fish selection every day, outdoor seating, accommodation for corkage, and authentic ownership and service--what more could you ask for. Sotto Mare is a great spot to feel like you really are part of the local neighborhood, and it is even better if you come up with some locals (though tourists line up for it as well if they have caught on). The fish is first class. Not necessarily a "fine dining" ambiance even if the food is of comparable quality.
This place is an institution, you get a sense of that when you walk in the door. I dined there with my sisters and friend last night for the first time and it was just short of magical. The inside is narrow, clean and had a bit of a tchotchke decor, but not overwhelmingly so. I loved the gray marble used on the table tops, it made the place look a bit upscale. It was a special night so I brought a bottle of champagne and they provided glasses and let me open it without batting an eye. Off to peruse the menu, which is on legal size paper and laminated, a bit of a throw back but charming all the same. We chose to start with a half dozen oysters (3 west coast, 3 east coast), 2 cups of clamp chowder, the ciopinni for 2, seafood risotto and seafood pasta with red sauce.The oysters were very fresh and surprisingly, we enjoyed the east coast ones more, they were smaller, but packed a real flavor punch. Also a bit old-school, the entree portions were enormous and could definitely be shared amongst two people. I'd never had cioppino before, most are made with several types of fish, and I'm not a big fan of fish. This one was made up of dungeness crab, shrimp, scallops and calamari, and I love all of those. They were cooked perfectly in the sauce, moist, not overlooked and delectable in the tomato sauce. Loved the penne pasta in the pot, it needed some carbs to counteract the acidity of tomato sauce. I had 3 bites of the seafood risotto which was cooked with seafood stock and it was executed perfectly.It's just over 24 hours since I enjoyed dinner there and I could eat again right now!This review is 4.5 stars because the dinner ended oddly. I was finishing a full glass of wine when we paid check. My sisters decided to order another glass as I was finishing my glass. Half way through our glasses, the hostess/owner? comes up and says, "you girls are done, bye-bye." Granted it was 7pm on a Saturday and we were lingering at the table, but I was finishing my glass of wine. So we threw it back and moved on. Granted they never asked us to pay for the last 2 glasses of wine, I just feel they could have handled it differently. It was an abrupt end to a truly great dinner.
Definitely make a reservation, there was a line out the door when we got there. Also, I am not sure if it was just because of it being thanksgiving weekend, but finding parking was extremely difficult - you may want to allow extra time to find some if you're driving.Wanted to get the Sand Dabs but they had just run out :( Ordered the rockfish instead, which I guess was the fish of the day, and was moist and well seasoned. Also got to try the Cioppino and Risotto. Both were delicious. I liked the risotto a bit more, but I am not a huge fan of tomato based soups.I liked their "dessert menu"...it's a listing of nearby places that have desserts.
I had been dying to try this after reading the rave reviews but sorely disappointed with my experience. The front of the house management is poor - lacking friendly customer service. The food was mediocre..nothing to rave about. There are more authentic Italian joints around. Our mussel and clam steamer was just okay..a bit too buttery. The crab cocktail was lacking substance and a bit too fishy.The seafood pasta was redeeming. Lots of yummy squid and prawns and the red sauce was tasty. Overall, the service was slow and spotty. Not sure that I'd make the trek across town again.
Loved it! Walked right in, only had to wait a few minutes, and the seating hostess offered us wine while we waited (we declined, but it was a nice gesture). I loved the ambiance. From the oldies playing to the nautical decor on the wall, Sotto Mare is the type of place where you can walk in wearing jeans and, roll up your sleeves and dig in. And believe me, do you want to dig in!My boyfriend and I split some raw oyster and the cioppino. Both were amazing. I would've bathed in the cioppino if I could've have. They don't skimp on the seafood and the sauce is amazing. Would def go here again.
It only took us 20 years to finally visit Sotto Mare, that's twenty years of missing out on the best damn Cioppino we've ever had. Along with fantastic service and great atmosphere (on the street level, not so impressed when we took a peek downstairs). I'm a big eater so not big on sharing usually, but the two of us had a hard time finishing off this bowl. A bargain at $41. We also got a very nice bottle on Sangiovese, $30.
Wow had the worst service here at this restaurant. This is when I truly wish we can do negative stars. Went in to see if there was a table for eight and it seemed busy so we were already expecting a no and the man (manager, owner?) said to come back in an hour so we were ready to leave but surprisingly he said he can get us a table downstairs if we waited 15 mins. So my family were all waiting outside and after 30 mins we ask if the tables ready and he says that he'll call us when it is. So we wait and after about an hour of waiting outside we ask about the table and they say that the people are about to pay soon so just wait a little longer. So we patiently ( and now that I think about it, a little ignorantly) wait almost two hours total and while waiting another party of about six come behind us and tell him they made reservations. They take them right in and seat them and tell us to wait a little longer and they can seat us outside separately. Ok first off, WHAT? We just waited two hours for our table and you give it to another party and expect us to be ok eating outside on two separate tables?? Anyways we already waited too long to back out so we ask them to combine tables and we finally sit to eat. Oysters were fresh and delicious but the rest of the food was so disappointing. And our server forgot a pasta but never came back outside and by the time she did we were all done eating. So I told her and there was so sorry or any bit of apology. So with all this crap that went on, there was no way I was going to pay the full gratuity on the bill. So I tell her that I will tip but to please remove the gratuity because of the things that went on. Then she tells me that she had no idea we didn't get the other pasta and that we should have told her. Well, hmm.. You're our server and you should have known or have came to check up on us atleast once throughout our meal then you would have known. Anyways, she takes it off after saying its store policy to have it on the bill for big parties and i understand that but please do your part if you're wanting tips. All in all, horrible service and was unimpressed with the food. Heard the owner changed. Maybe that's why.
I can't say more than has already been said, except not matter what I order from Sotto Mare... It's always my new favorite! Five stars! My taste buds thank you! So fresh!
Wow this place is amazing! We were dreaming about the Cioppino for days after.We decided on this place pretty last minute after getting a recommendation from another guest at our hotel. They told us to make a reservation as the owner gave them **** for not making one the night before. Glad we did, got there for 9:15pm and it was packed! The restaurant is a lot bigger than it seems, we were taken through the restaurant, down the stairs into a second back room. Much different vibe than upstairs. Downstairs is a bit more intimate, with softer lighting and definitely quieter than upstairs. The bread comes out warm and they keep refilling but don't fill up too soon! Between four of us we had 12 oysters (West Coast of course!), the Cioppino and the fettuccine with bay scallops. What an awesome meal! Oysters were good but nothing special. The Cioppino though... amazing! Mussels, scallops, crab (cracked to make it super easy for you), clams, squid and shrimp with penne pasta and a great sauce for dipping bread and drinking up! I've never had cioppino before but I think this one will be hard to beat!The Fettuccine with Bay Scallops was also wonderful though. Thought it would be hard to compare after having the cioppino but the pasta was cooked perfectly and the white sauce was really good. Not too heavy, well peppered and loved the littled bay scallops.
Stopped by Saturday night with my wife.Immediately after putting our name on the waiting list and told that the wait will be twenty minutes, we were offered each a complimentary glass of wine. We chose Pinot Grigio. A very warm gesture.We were seated at the counter before we finished our drink so that was quick twenty minutes..Walls are decorated with trophy marlin and sea bass plus everything related to the sea.Ordered half cracked crab... It was so fresh and delicious. The crab season opened just two days ago!I had the sauted prawns and my wife the sand dabs. Generous portions.Next time we will try the cioppino.Since we sat at the counter facing the kitchen we got to study why this restaurant is so successful.  It is the team work between kitchen staff.They operated like a well oiled machine.Combined with timely delivery of prepared food we had nothing to complain.Yes the noise can be a problem. Right behind us there was this table of four and this one old man in particular was extremely loud! I bet he forgot his hearing aid and could not hear his own voice.Anyway, Sotto Mare is an excellent North Beach experience.We skipped the coffee after the meal and we explored Columbus Avenue for Gelato and cappuccino after the meal.
THE BEST CIOPPINO IN SAN FRANCISCO! We stopped by Sotto Mare without knowing anything about the restaurant. We happened to just drive by the area, found the place on Yelp, and decided to try it out. When we got there, there was an hour wait, so we were given a pager and went next door to the local bar to watch the Giants game and have a beer. We went back into the restaurant after we were done with our beers from the place next door, and waited inside. The restaurant is very small, so I'd recommend going there early, especially if you have a large party. While we were waiting in the front, the lady, who I believe owns the place, gave us a free glass of wine since we had been waiting a long time. Talk about hospitality! The whole experience felt very genuine. The lady who works there was Italian and had that warm personality which made us feel very welcomed. We ordered the Ciopinno, which in my opinion, is the BEST I've ever tasted in San Francisco. The Seafood was fresh and the broth was flavorful. It came with bread, so you could soak up all of the broth! It's safe to say this has got to be one of my favorite restaurants in San Francisco.
Very long wait(1.5 hours) but they have a bar next door that is very good. The food is very fresh. The sand dabs are amazing and are enough to share. Crab cocktail, prawn cocktail, oysters, and clam chowder were awesome. Our waitress was amazing even though the place was packed. We will be back.
Everyone says this is THE place to go for the best cioppino. I myself have never TRIED cioppino before this, so take my review with a grain of salt :)My boyfriend and I had a date in SF and parked over a mile away just to get dinner at Sotto Mare! We had heard great things and were really excited to try it out (Did I say "we"? I think I made up for 75% of that excitement). It's SO HARD to get parking in Little Italy on a Saturday night, so we ended up having to park almost a mile away! Walking up and down those SF hills sure made us hungry.Despite getting to Sotto Mare around 7pm, we still had to wait a little over an hour to get a table! This place doesn't have many places to sit, but it is always bustling with people. Over 21? The owner will offer you wine while you wait! :) If you want to explore the bars or Little Italy nearby, she will give you a remote/beeper to let you know when your table is ready - IF you give her your credit card. She is so friendly, talkative, and sweet. After getting our seats (if you are a party of 2, you will probably have to sit at the bar) it was not too long before we were served out cioppino. I think they are always making at least 4-5 of those at once, since people seem to order it a lot. It was a really filling dish - LOTS of crab and shrimp! - for 2 people. Try to stock up on bread as much as you can, because there is a ton of sauce in the big bowl of seafood, and you can always dip your bread in the sauce so it doesn't go to waste (it's some really good sauce!)I think if I were to come back here again, I would try some of their pasta or risotto dishes. Those looked like they came in huge portions :)
This was such a great find on yelp! All eight of us were very pleased.We started off with some West Coast oysters on a half shell. Each of us got one, and they were soooo fresh! They tasted like they were straight from the ocean.Then I got a bowl of clam chowder for our table to eat with the bread. Yummmmmmmm. It wasn't too salty like most clam chowders, and there were big chunks of clam in it which were delicious.Then we got the "Best Damb Crab Cioppino" and the Linguini with Seafood. Both of these were loaded with shrimp, scallops, clams, and many other seafoods. The crab was so tender and juicy, and the sauce in the cioppino went perfectly with the seafood and bread.Each table ordered a half litre of their house wine which was only $14! Both the red wine and white wine were good. Though if you were to pair a wine with the seafood, it should be the white wine. :)The only thing I would say could be better is the bread here. It didn't come out warm and it was super crunchy, but maybe it was that way since we ate there at 3PM. :P
absolutely love this spot. will be a must visit every time i am back in SF, and i have already recommended to several friends in the area. i came as a solo diner during a recent work trip and even on a weeknight had to wait ~20 minutes to grab a seat. no rezzies but waits are reasonable and they give you a glass of wine while you wait to ease the time. nice gesture!once seated i ordered the cioppino. i mean how could i resist a pot full of delicious seafood, tomato, and pasta?! they warned me it was meant for two but i plunged ahead. and by the end of my meal i got many props from the staff on the significant dent i put in the dish dining solo. it was sooooo good. so much seafood. so much flavor. so good. cant wait to come back for some more!
Love this place. SAND DABS are to die for. There is always a queue but grab a buzzer and a beer next door at Gina and Carlos.
Had the ciopino, was fantastic, service was also really good, older lady server was extremely helpful and nice
They do not skimp out on seafood! Whoa! What a seafood party in my cioppino!Nestled in Little Italy is a sign saying GiGi's Sotto Mare. There's a short line and no wait list, so just wait at the door and you will be attended to. Sat at the bar and it's loud and festive, everyone was friendly.Got 4 West Coast oysters for $1.50 each. Not too big and pretty fresh. Came with a wedge of lemon and a dish of cocktail sauce.A bowl of clam chowder for $6.50. Taste was good, but there was what, like 2 clams chopped up in there? Not like they ran out of clams either. A decent portion.The seafood linguine. $17 Whoa, so many clams, mussels shrimps (mini), mini scallops, calamari. The ratio was definitely seafood higher! Unbelievable! which is a good thing because the linguine itself was meh! Not al dente, overcooked. Just the right amount of sauce tho. Pretty saucy, but not like a stew.The crab cioppino $27 was served in a gigantic steel bowl with a cover. We waited About half of a crab worth of legs. A good amount. Relatively fresh and well seasoned. Now I understand why I needed the bibs! Saucy and comes with a myriad of seafood. Was so full after sharing all that, we had just left the overcooked penne pasta.Service was fine and relatively quick to get our food. Good portions.***Tip: Crab cioppino is what they're known for! big enough to share if you get one more dish.Favourites: Lots of seafood, do not skimp! Do not want: Overcooked pasta. sat on a stool in front of the stove.Last words: Yummy seafood and do not skimp
The owner messaged me the following:"We remember your visit, and we apologize for any inconvenience. Your feedback is appreciated. However, you arrived when we already had many customers waiting for seating that would not be available until we were closed.  Also, you were quite intoxicated, and we could not seat you. Again, our apologies for any inconvenience."I had not had one drink prior to arriving at the restaurant. The tone of their email would have been greatly appreciated had that been how we were greeted that night. But it wasn't. They were just rude and are now trying to cover it up.
Poor customer service, made a reservation but we had to wait 20 minutes anyways. No vegetarian option for my friend... How hard is it to make the pasta without the seafood? We also had to wait to receive our water. Terribly disappointed
They stuck us downstairs in a hole that was so HOT and the service was rushed and sloppy.Had spaghetti with clams that was made with CREAM, dairy with fish is a new one, it was so heavy to eat. We know italian food, living in Rome for many years. Couldn't wait to leave this sweltering dungeon and find anywhere else for dessert.Apologized to our guests all night long! this was a 40th birthday party and not even a cannoli.. the worst food in a city of great food. Try Resturante Ideale....perfection gracious staff and amazing AUTHENTIC Italian food. What a waste of time and money
Awesome place for about every type of seafood imanginable!We ordered the Cioppino and the Risotto and I have never seen so much seafood in a dish. The Cioppino was flavorful and filled with octopus, mussels, crab, salmon, fish, and scallops. The soup in the Cioppino was even better.The service was a little slow though but overall a great restaurant for seafood lovers!Definitely will be returning soon.
A particular quote from Disney's "Aladdin" comes to mind: "FRESH FISH! WE CATCH 'EM, YOU BUY 'EM!"Seriously, fresh seafood. The freshest. Cooked to perfection with a delicate and flavorful touch. Nothing was overcooked, nothing was unflavorful. I made reservations for a party of 5, at 8pm on a Friday night. I thought it would be impossible to get, but alas I was accommodated without trouble a few days prior. 1 of our party arrived before the rest of us, and was greeted rudely by the host. I was also greeted rudely, but I already knew this would happen as I've tried to walk in on a busy night before. It's the standard: "I am taking no more walk-ins, if you don't have a reservation, sorry". No hello, no warm tone. Just blunt and loud. To which I promptly replied: "I have a reservation". The host came back a minute or so later, took a look at the list to confirm my res, and told me they were a bit behind but she would buy us all a glass of wine. Cool, I guess. Kinda defeats the purpose of a reservation but I wasn't gonna complain. Free booze!We waited outside since it's way too cramped, and were seated within 15 minutes or so. To my surprise, since I had no idea it existed, we were led to a downstairs seating area which smelled a little funky but was 100x quieter than the main upstairs, so we were happy. Our server was a crack up, but a little unprofessional. For me, that's koo.. I'm a laid back girl, but for other fine diners it could be a problem.On to the important stuff. FOOD:Steamed mussels - yupSteamed clams - yupBaccala - served cold and minced in a tomatoey sauce. This was delish on the endless bread they give you. We weren't expecting cold at first, but it was really flavorful!Cioppino. Yeah, it's that damn good. Worth $38? Well, there's not much that's worth $38 food-wise, but this ish is GOOD.Boston Clam Chowder - So good. I mean, it's not in a bread bowl or anything, but everyone was super pleased with the amount of fresh clam flavor/pieces, small potato, and distinct bacon throughout.Grilled Sole - Cooked perfectly, & had the crunchy bits. Comes with a spicy dip and lemon to garnish.Fettuccini with Seafood - a request made by our table, as it usually comes with Linguini, but was easily accommodated. Oh. My. Gawd. SO good! The seafood, again, FRESH. The noodles, perfectly al-dente, the sauce... Wow. I'm a sucker for cream sauces, but I wasn't the only one dipping bread in the sauce this evening.Overall, 5 stars for food and 4 stars for service. So I'd have to say 4.5 stars in total. I would come back for sure, because it's delicious. But hopefully, the staff realizes it's North Beach and it's always gonna be busy, so get a grip.
I was visiting San Fran and the one thing I wanted was a god Cioppino. I looked up, "Best Cioppino", and this place came up. I was questioning this find at first because it seemed off the beaten path a bit, but oh well, I was going for it. We walked in for a late lunch and were seated right away. The place is small and quaint, but you could feel the character in this establishment. My wife doesn't do seafood so eating this monster was on me. I was willing to bear the burden for the team. The waitress did look confused when I stated I was eating it myself. I think she doubted me and the effort I was about to put in. Side note, the service in this place was bang-a-rang; my cup of wine never went empty.  Once ordered, the cioppino did not take that long to come out. When I got the pot of seafood, pasta and sauce I was immediately blown away by the aromas of the dish. It smelled like the sea or maybe like heaven. Either way it was go time. The first bite was like having a flavor explosion in my mouth. After that, I blacked out. When I came to, my bowl was empty and the cioppino was gone. That was a very sad moment for me. I just wanted more. Overall, I would highly recommend coming here for the cioppino. I can't speak to the other dishes on the menu, but the cioppino was unbeatable.
Came here during lunch and did not have to wait for a table. Get the Cioppino for two! The seafood was fresh and perfectly cooked. Make sure you save your bread for the Cioppioni broth. It's good!  I'll be back to try the other items on their menu.
Despite being a weekday, this cozy diner-like restaurant was packed! Luckily we had a reservation so wait times were minimal. Make sure to plan ahead if you want to try this place out! The menu is straight forward, streamlined with only a few options. Makes ordering easy! Seeing as it was a light lunch, we ordered two items, and a Clam/Mussel Steamer, and the Cioppino.Mussel/Clam Steamers ($19) - A generous portion cooked mussels and clams. Simple and tasty.The Best Damn Crab Cioppino ($38)-"enough for two"Let me start by saying that I had no idea what a Cioppino when I walked into the restaurant. But I mean when something is labelled as the "BEST DAMN" anything on the menu, you kinda have to order it. If you are clueless about this San Francisco specialty as I was, in short its a mix both of seafood and pasta goodness. Think a west coast version of a bouillabaisse. It says it's enough for two, but really it's enough for 3! Delicious and highly recommended!
Such delicious, fresh and flavorful food! I would give the food itself 4 stars but for the service along with the REALLY inexpensive prices you gotta hit em with 5 STARS!!We had a large party and explored the menu pretty well. I ordered the Ciopinno to share along with the the Risotto to share. Both really tasty!I tried a little of everyone's dish and man everything here was DEEELISH!!If you are in the north beach area and want to eat really good and fresh Italian seafood then this is the spot!
Incredible. Get the Cioppino and your life will be changed. Also make a reservation or you will be waiting till midnight. AMAZING place!!
Delicious fresh seafood and raw bar. Stopped in on a Saturday afternoon for a quick lunch before we drove to Napa and we stopped in again on Tuesday for lunch before we went to the airport because it was so good.Oysters, shrimp cocktail, steamed mussels, clam chowder, linguine w/clams, 1/2 cracked crab - all were so fresh and delicious. Fast friendly service. Sit at the bar if you can!
The energy here is so wonderful. From the moment we were greeted to the time we walked out.This is what I would imagine dining in the coast of Italy would be like. The seafood are all so fresh and with the pasta and all the simple yet delicious ingredients. We order the clam chowder and oysters to start out with. It's San Francisco so those two where no brainers.For dinner, my sister and I split their fresh fish of the day served with roasted vegetables and a pasta. The fish was a light flaky sole panfried topped with a lemon garlic butter caper sauce. It was perfect with the fish. I love very simple pasta so we got the Spaghetti aglio e olio which is just fresh pressed garlic, olive oil, red pepper flakes, parsley, and parmesan cheese. So simple yet so delicious. It was a great dinner and I will definitely come back when I visit. Oh and an extra Star for the housewife pour on the wine!
My experience from beginning to end, was delightful. There was about a 45 minute wait on Friday night so, we were offered a glass of wine as we waited, great gesture to start the evening.Smoked salmon fettuchini: AMAZING! Everything in this dish was made perfectly and the flavor was well balanced.The salmon special: ALSO AMAZING! This dish came with broccolini & carrots. The salmon was topped with a lemon caper sauce which made the salmon absolutely delectable. Fish was cooked well.I can't wait to come back to Sotto Mare. Their service was great! No complaints here! I'll be coming back to try the other dishes soon!
It's a lovely and fantastic atmosphere! The food is sinfully delicious too! There's a reason as to why it's highly rated!
Yummm!! Hubby ordered the Cioppino and we were not disappointed! Good flavor, LOTS of fish included, several crab legs, clams, mussels, large shrimp, small bay shrimp and calamari. All that in a spicy red sauce over some penne rigate noodles. The menu said the serving was for 2... or more. The serving was very big! I ordered a cup of Clam Chowder, Boston style with the white sauce. Good flavor, hardly any grit at all, which I appreciated. Daughter got the Fettuccini alfredo. The flavor was very good with a nice creamy consistency. We were served cold bread sliced up with pats of butter. The bread was ok. but would have been better if it had been sourdough. As that was my only complaint, we were very happy.I had a nice glass of white wine, from the waitresses suggestion.Thank you Sotto Mare. If you want to dine inside, I suggest you request reservations which they DO hold. We were put outside on the sidewalk and the weather began to get cool and windy. To be fair we were offered to sit at the bar, but wanted a table since we were 3 people.Highly recommend you try this place!
Cioppino was alright I guess - broth wasn't that good. Boudin bistro broth is amazing compared to the stuff here. Bread served was not very good, so not good tasting dipped into the broth.I would maybe go back and try something else, but I wouldn't order the Cioppino again.
The service here is great! I came around 6pm on a Friday night and had to wait 20ish minutes for 2 people. They give you free wine while you wait, so nice!Ordered the best damn cioppino for 2, and it was delicious! Comes with a bit of penne pasta mixed inside, but doesn't come with crostinis like most cioppino places, however, you can always dip the free bread in there though which is very tasty!
Holy fuck, the cioppino just rocked my world. Go eat here right now! Also, I thought I looked super fly in my lobster bib LOL
Great seafood. They have this pot of sexy seafood called the "Best Damn Crab Cioppino". I think it lives up to that name pretty well. They also have an underground secret basement floor with more seating. I like this place a lot and I'd love to try their other menu items.
The cioppino is the only thing worth coming for. It was not as great as I would have expected and the pasta is dry (not fresh). And a minor point, I didn't like the the complimentary bread. Also, they don't serve dessert. On a good note, the service was really great.God, I forget how much I hate parking in North Beach.
This place has the warmest friendliest staff I have seen in a while. The staff outshines the awesome cuisine and that is no exaggeration. The oyster shooters and a plate of oysters was a perfect start. We enjoyed the house red wine and of course split the cioppino. The cioppino delivers and is appropriately named "the best damn cioppino". The ambiance is casual and fun the kitchen is open to the dining room and the place is perfect with kids. The hostess who was a pleasure, brought over two of there chairs stacked so my daughters could sit higher with out a clumsy booster seat. It was a great time and well worth the money!
The food did not make up for the lack of service. I made a reservation for 5 and I arrived maybe 10 minutes early with two friends and waiting on two more. I asked if we could sit down since it was cold outside, but lectured me on how people making reservations and ditching has hurt her business. Understandable if less than half were there, but I didn't understand why we couldn't just order drinks and wait inside. Other than that, the food was great and portions are phenomenal. I left very full and satsified
Had been wanting to come here for awhile, but never had been. Glad we decided to come though as it was very good and lived up to my expectations. We came as a party of four and service was attentive and quick off the bat.Had my mind set on getting the sand dabs, but they were sold out and had a ton of other options for specials and I settled on a petrale sole with a delicious lemon butter caper sauce. Nothing unique or fancy, but just a well executed plate of fish. Tried bites of the other dishes, seafood linguine and the mussels, and they were fresh and tasty as well. Also got a bowl of clam chowder that was yummy. Really enjoy the casual, family atmosphere in there and well worth it for a $30-$35 lunch in the city comprised of fresh seafood. Can't beat it. Will be back, because I must try the sand dabs everyone has raved on about. Parking was a bitch, but when isn't it in the area.
AWESOME PLACE!definitely make reservations because this place is very popular! It's small space, but lively and super cute...you can see the food being prepared right before your eyes!The staff is so friendly and makes you feel like family. Not to mention very helpful.As we sat down they brought us this delicious fresh bread with butter and some ice cold water which was great since we were starving. Ordered the "best damn crap cioppino" and since we're little less adventurous with our seafood, asked if they could make it with only crab, prawns and shrimp, which they very kindly did :)The portion was HUGE! Came in this steaming in fancy steel bowl/pot type thing, and they give everyone those paper bibs with the lobsters on it which was really cute. The food was so fresh and delicious, and the crab was awesome!!! definitely worth the wait and the price. Two of us ate plentifully, and there was still half left!Loved the friendly atmosphere and the decorations and just the whole feel of the place. Very fisherman's wharf/nautical themed.WILL DEFINITELY VISIT AGAIN WHEN I'M IN SAN FRANCISCO :D
I played hooky from work the other week, and I somehow convinced a girlfriend to come along with me to SF for the day. We frolicked in the sunshine and didn't give a damn whether or not our coworkers saw our live Instagram posts. Initially, we had planned to stop by Chubby Noodle to try their freakishly famous fried chicken, but it was closed. Soto Mare is right next door, though, so we decided to stay put. We ordered the Cioppino to share (definitely doable, maybe even among three small people), oyster shooters, and a glass of Trebbiano for each of us. The Cioppino is delicious - I think of it often. The seafood chunks are generous, crab legs cracked for you, and broth so bread-soaking worthy. The oyster shooters were average, but the Trebbiano was the absolute best match for our meal. Like usual, our parking was about to expire, and so we headed off. Plans to revisit have been discussed, and a stop by Chubby Noodle when it is open is on the agenda.
Five StarsBeing a huge fan of good service, I was thoroughly impressed by the warm waitress that seated and served us. We came for lunch on a Saturday, with or without a reservation I guess we could have been served right away. Our 3 ladies ordered the infamous Cioppino to share - I was personally thrilled by the variety of mussels and calamaris and large shrimps, as restaurants tend to skimp on those ingredients. The boy of the group ordered a salmon fettuccine, and let's just say that was the first time I've ever seen him split a meal into two!Tips and Fun FactsThe penne that comes with the cioppino is so-so. Bread + cioppino = heaven. Seriously, try it.
Wonderful service, hard to get a seat if you're a walk-in. Cute little family seafood joint. Crab cioppino is to die for. It feeds more than 2! It has everything! Definitely a fan of this joint , despite the fact that I'm allergic to mussels and still managed to do work on the cioppino. Yes of course I paid the price, but it was definitely worth it!
This is a great spot in San Francisco.  It is loud and chaotic in this place, which was a fun part of the experience.  I would recommend a reservation if you don't want to wait for a table.  We has sand dabs and chippino, both were amazing!  The service was decent, nice people but a little scattered.
My bf and I loves this place! We try to come here as often as we can. I always order the sauted scallops and he always orders the seafood linguine with pink sauce. The wait could be long if you come here on weekends, but I usually never wait longer than 40 minutes and you can take a stroll around North Beach or drink a glass of free house wine. This place is so fun, they play good oldies music and it becomes a party. Love this restaurant, feels like family.
Went there with some business associates for dinner. The linguini with salmon was one of the most amazing seafood dishes that I have ever had!! The service was quick, the food delicious, and the prices were reasonable. I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone!!
Traditional Italian family-style restaurant. Old school house salad with thousand island dressing, simple, light on the palate, and yummy.One if the best clam chowders in SF. Get the bowl because the cup will leave you longing for more!Petrale sole with lemon butter caper sauce is delightful. Sauce is not heavy, let's the flavor of the fish to come through. Oh and the Petrale sole itself the very definition of fresh. Look up the definition of "fresh fish" in the dictionary and you'll see Sotto Mare's Petrale.Tasty pasta pomodoro, pick your pasta. Tastes homemade.Best part is the music playing on the background, everything from old school pop to Italian arias.Sorry no dessert!
This is one of my husband's and my go-to places in the city. The "Best Damn Crab Cioppino" is really pretty damn good. It definitely feeds two very hungry people and the bread they give you is perfect for sopping up the remaining deliciousness. The menu is not what anyone would consider extensive, but everything on it is quite good. Their pastas are consistent, hearty and delicious. The clam chowder is a little salty for me, but my husband loves it. The restaurant is on the small side, so they get really packed at peak hours and there isn't much of a waiting area (read: there is none), but if the wait is on the long/crowded side, the hostess passes out free wine! Reservations can be made for parties of three or more, but if you're a party of two, be ready to wait. Sit at the counter if you can. It's pretty fun to watch what's going on in the kitchen.
I was really looking forward to trying the cioppino here but didn't get a chance to taste the food. This review is dedicated to their horrible service. I flew my mom into town for Mother's Day weekend. She really likes mussell, and I love anything seafood, so I was searching Yelp for a good restaurant to take her. This place seemed like the perfect match for us. Reviews were good, seafood, not too pricey. Unfortunately, I didn't realize how busy they can get on Saturday and didn't think to make a reservation. I should have known.It was around 7pm. My mom and I walked into the restaurant. It's super busy, and there are about 10 people standing in the little corner at the entrance waiting for a table. I try to squeeze through the crowd to get my name on the list, and this guy cuts in front of me. He gets his name on the list for a party of 3 and asks how long. Hostess tells him an hour. I'm next.Me: Hi. I'd like to add my name to the list. How long is it for a table for 2?Hostess from Hell (in an annoyed tone): What'd I just tell that guy?!I admit it was my fault for not making a reservation, but the hostess could've handled the situation better. It actually took her more words to be rude to me than to just say an hour. Also, it looked like they had tables with only two seats so I figured the wait might be different. I think I'll spend my hard earned money elsewhere. Thank you very much!After we walked out and decided not to dine here, we walked over to North Beach and were treated much better! Needless to say, I will not be back to Sotto Mare.
the food was ok but service is really awful! we don't know that we can't Oder the food more than two times. we was have few dish at beginning, because this is our first time went to here, and we don't know how big the dish size is. before we left, I feel I want to have one more crab cocktail, the waitress was so mad, she said " why u guys doing that? you know we are really busy, and next group of people are waiting" she said that very loud. we all feel embarrassing, and we won't have more Order anymore! Cuz my friends recommend this restaurant to me. but the service is very bad. :(
Wow. This place RULES! Fresh cracked crab; shrimp cocktail; oysters on the half shell; scallops saute', seafood risotto, and the CIOPPINNO! So GD good it is killing me just thinking about it. Simple seafood, prepared perfectly, in a no nonsense location. The wines are only OK, I'd recommend go with the prosecco because you can't go wrong with prosecco. The one thing you will have to grin and bear is the wait. Get a reservation if you can, because otherwise the wait is painful. But I LOVE this place.
It was the best damn cioppino ever!!! We made a reservation for a party of four this time. Went off without a hitch.
Ever leave a restaurant, rub your stomach and say - "wow, that was a good meal!"?That was me last night.We got here early, around 530 on a Monday. No wait. A waiter (maybe the owner?) asked if we've ever been here before and escorted us to the counter. He showed me the hook to hang my purse and after I sat down, he gave me a little push so I'm close to the table. It was cute!Cioppino: I'm not a huge seafood person, but we decided to get it because that's what they're known for. A MUST TRY! If you have to get ONE thing, get this! Such a huge variety of different types of seafood including crab, clams, shrimps, scallops, squid and mussels. It is very generously portioned. That dish can probably feed 4 people. I love the thick tomato sauce. It also had some penne pasta in it.Pasta: we got a side of pesto paste. It was deeeelcious! Full of flavor ad very creamy.We combined both the cioppino and pasta into one dish and the tomato and pesto sauce created the perfect combination.Loved my experience here. I will definitely be back!
Damn good. Started with the prawn cocktail and moved on to shrimp and scallop saute. Mmmm.
Damn good ciopinno is spot on! The hubby and I did the Food Safari North Beach Tour and our guide recommended Sotto Marre and specifically the ciopinno. So after the tour was completed, we headed straight here and we were not disappointed!!! I seldom give 5 stars on yelp, but I was truly happy with their signature dish and the ladies that served us were so nice!
Huge portions for both pasta and cioppino, and their cioppino is the bomb!!!! SO GOOD. This place is not fancy and a bit cramped, but if you are looking for a belly full of good food, Sotto Mare will surely hit the spot.
Love this place! Found it over here on yelp and you can't go wrong! Italian ambiance and the best seafood I've had in a long time! Definitely will be coming back multiple times!
We made a spur of the moment decision to try this place based solely on the Yelp reviews, and were glad we did.Our food was excellent! The cioppino was something we'd never had before, nor did we know the difference between east and west coast oysters, but our waitress cheerfully explained both, and we were pleased when both appeared before us. The cioppino stew was exactly as Italian seafood should be: tomatoey, basily goodness that is only done correctly if it makes a mess. Absolutely awesome.The ambience is also great; we sat at the marble counter where we could watch the chefs do their thing. The hostess and waitress were helpful and affable. I don't think we could have made a better dinner choice if we'd planned to do it. Totally worth waiting for during the evening rush!
The cioppino is every bit as amazing as you hear. So worth the wait, especially if you grab a few drinks at Amante. Staff is friendly and sitting at the bar has proved fun both times.
The yummiest clam chowder ever made the 45 min wait bearable. Cioppino was amazing as it has so much seafood I was blown away. The dish is always expensive so when I saw the $ tag i didn't think it would be any different - i was so wrong! It was worth it but definitely something 2 people can share easily. No reservation for a party of 2 was a bummer. Eating at the bar table was fun. Place is small but so good. I'll be back for sure
Delicious, fresh, gracious. Those are the words that describe Sotto Mare perfectly. Restaurant was packed but even for those who were waiting to be seated, we got good service. Servers would give (only to those of age of course) free glasses of wine to help with the wait. Once inside, the dimly lit restaurant just seems so busy and lively, but the staff is always checking up on you and making sure everything is ok. All the seafood is fresh and the dishes are tasty (especially the seafood risotto). Try their clams and oysters, both raw on the shell and as shooters too. Another plus, they give olive oil and balsamic with the bread, huge huge plus from me. That said, it is pretty pricey, but the taste that you get in return is well worth it.
New Yorky atmosphere (small, cramped, knicknacks everywhere), New Yorky service (organized chaos, curt but effective), and no-nonsense menu (just a few items, and the dessert menu matter-of-factly says "we don't serve dessert").The food. while generously portioned, was just OK. - Bread - snoretastic- House salad - all lettuce, don't bother- Linguini with marinara - dried pasta with standard sauce, yawn- Sand dabs - savory and well cooked, like little flounder fillets- Cioppino - enough for 2, generous amounts of all types of seafood, nice sauce, but ultimately forgettable.$30-40/person inc T&T. Not bad for seafood but a bit soporific.
Nice seafood place, but crazy difficult parking situation.
Ciopinno, Cioppino, Cioppino!'nuff said.Love Louisa.
I'm not sure what I can say that hasn't been said already....but man oh man, do I LOVE this place!Brief Points as to why this is a top spot in my book:**Delicious, Fresh, Glorious Seafood Dishes (My Go-To Dish: Chef's Choice Linguine with Seafood, w/ White Sauce MMMMM)**When it's slammed, or mellow, the Service is Excellent...this is the reason why I will venture into North Beach and deal with the horrible parking and lollygagging packs of tourists...Good customer service makes the food that much better :-)**Great Portions. Nomcious.**A TV in case the ballgame is on.TIP: Try to go on weeknights, or if you must go on a weekend, I recently learned they take reservations!
Cioppino looked similar to dishes that I've tried, but I'm pretty sure I've never had it before. For a first-timer I thought SM ($38) did pretty well! It is at least worth a try if you like cooked seafood, red broths and sauces or stews. That's the best I can explain it.We also ordered two dozen oysters which were fantastically fresh, and a mussel/clam combo steamed in broth ($19) and it didn't disappoint either. I like linguine and their Linguine with Manila Clams ($17) was something I could have eaten on my own no problem. It is a basic dish, but here it was good. The Grilled Sand Dabs ($19) was okay, not bad but not great - but I'm not a fish fillet person to judge it accurately but I did have a few. All of that food fed four people well.The confusing part was the entrance as the place has patio and then the front door and then a wall/divider next to another Italian restaurant. This is the second time I've been to the area and it still took me a bit to focus on which restaurant is the correct one, lol. We sat downstairs, going through some twists and turns to reveal dining areas that were two or three times the size of the upstairs, which felt like a small diner. The people here are friendly, yes. Corkage is $10/bottle now.I read about Sotto Mare from one of my favorite yelpers, KathyV, so I made her take me here, lols! Okay, just kidding, but I can see why she had noprobs returning here. Reservations on a Friday night is recommended.
Great vibe, amazing interior and friendly waiters. Shrimp salad appetizer is mediocre for the price you pay, oysters are fresh. Sand dab was alright, wasn't as amazing as the hype.The scallop sauce was heavenly garlic-esque butterly- recommended.Def check out the chef special. The crab ravioli was quite heavy but delicious.Stop by for a yummy in the tummy.
Cute down to earth restaurant with well-porportioned good food.We came on a weekday night without reservations and found the wait to only be 10min or so. As there was a line, the owner also gave us free glasses of wine to tide us over while we waited.For dinner, we ordered the seafood risotto, sole fillet, west coast oysters, and clam chowder. The clam chowder was wonderful- creamy, bacony, rich, and full of clam. The oysters were decent as well. The risotto was flavorful, perfectly seasoned, and had a good amount of seafood. Our favorite were the delicate sweet prawns that were perfectly cooked (pretty rare to find nowadays). Sadly, the sole fillets were a bit more disappointing. The sole itself did not have enough flavor to stand on its own without being more seasoned. We ended up putting on quite a bit of salt to help it along. On the plus side though, the dish came with a LOT of fish. Overall, we liked the place a lot and settled on 3.5 stars. (We use 2 stars as "average"). We loved the large portions although the place isn't inexpensive. Our other suggestion is to get some better table bread/baguettes- the stale hard stuff we got really lowered the feel of the place.
Definitely make reservations, and definitely don't come when the bottom dining room is rented out! Otherwise, super good food and super great patrons! The owner was definitely harried (funny or insulting - whichever way you want to take his unique personality) due to all the demand. The risotto was good, but a bit salty. The sand dabs really do melt in your mouth, and I'm dying to try the cioppino next.Even if they're packed, don't take "no" for an answer!!!
This is one of my favorite eating spots in the Bay Area. My wife and I have come here on two separate occasions and were extremely satisfied both times. We ordered the "Best Damn Crab Cioppino" which is reasonably priced ($38), can feed two people, and comes with bibs. It lives up to the cocky name. I also ordered the west coast oysters which were fresh and delicious. And keep the bread coming because you'll want a lot of it for dipping in the cioppino!Try to come here early because this place can get packed early. The first time I came here at 4:30pm (very early for dinner, I know) but there was no wait. The second time, I came around 5:30pm and there was a 15 minute wait. On both occasions, we left while there was a long line out the door. It's San Francisco, so if you really have to bring a car into the city, there is a relatively inexpensive parking garage on Vallejo street.
In a city known to have tons of delicious clam chowder, Sotto Mare is my go-to spot nearby for some awesome chowder. The restaurant offers much more than just clam chowder, it's only an appetizer on the menu but I always order a bowl when I come in. I've had their mussels and Prawn saute as well, both awesome! You can also add a cup of bowl of the tasty chowder to your entree for $5 or $6.50 respectively, I believe. I also call in a lot and take home some chowder (as you can tell, I like the stuff A LOT). $8 for a pint and $13 for a quart is money well spent! Not gonna lie, I usually do the quart.
A friend brought me to this place (she was craving seafood, and found Sotto Mare listed on TripAdvisor as one of the top 10 restaurants in SF). We shared The Best Damn Crab Cioppino, which I must say really did live up to its name. The Cioppino comes in a huge bowl (enough to fill two tummies to the brim!), and basically is a treasure trove of all of the ocean's riches braised in a delightful red sauce. The crab was sweet, the mussels tasted good, the shrimp was fresh, the clams, the squid... I could go on all day. Eating it made me want to be a shark so I could enjoy this deliciousness all day erry day. Or actually, I could just go to Sotto Mare more often.
The boyfriend and I split a crab cocktail and a big bowl of Crab Cioppino. The Crab Cocktail was good...but the Crab Cioppino was a total mind blower. My boyfriend and I agreed that it was well worth the trip from Daly City and would definitely recommend this place to any of our friends. I have to admit that service was a little slow at first, but our server definitely made up for it after she was able to catch up. She was genuinely nice and straightforward which is something I can appreciate in any server. She recommended the Peroni on draft which went well with our meal. Can't wait to return!
Unbelievable food!!!!! Very relaxed atmosphere. Can come however you are and enjoy a fantastic meal. Serving sizes are fairly large. Would recommend all to come for a great meal in a relaxing environment. Loved it here!!!!!
Sotto Mare is tucked away among a number of other restaurants in the North Beach neighborhood, and I certainly wouldn't have chosen it above the others had I not researched it before, but I'm glad I ended up here. It has a dark and close knit interior, and the outside seating was definitely preferable. My friend and I, knowing that waits are common here, came at the inbetween time of about 3pm, and there was no wait. Between the two of us, we had a bowl of clam chowder (well-sized and delicious, would definitely recommend) and the Chef's choice seafood pasta with cream sauce. Unlike most cream sauces, which are either too thin and seem like tasteless calories, or too thick and nauseatingly filling, this pasta had exactly the right amount of sauce for the density of pasta, as well as a huge amount of seafood for the price. These two items in combination with the complimentary bread were more than enough food for us, and we each paid about $16 including tip. My friend got a lemonade that was watery and awful (would definitely not recommend), but the rest of the meal was worth the money. The seafood was well-varied and extremely fresh.The atmosphere outside during the day was pleasant, and the staff was appropriately attentive. Additionally, they gave us our own pitcher of water, which though informal was a huge plus because we didn't have to wait for refills. The bathrooms, though it is slightly uncomfortable to walk through the extremely narrow restaurant to get there, are clean, beautifully designed, and very comfortable. I would go out of my way to come here again, even during a time when I would have to wait. North Beach is a beautiful neighborhood to walk around in, a fifteen minute walk from the ocean, and this restaurant is a gem within it.
So its my second time here! Got the clam chowder and seafood linguini as usual. And tried the lobster ravioli this time! Two word: THE BOMB! The ravioli was humongous and the lobster were just tasty and just perfect! It came with what they call the pink sauce. Guessing it was a mixture of the white and red sauce! Definitely try the lobster ravioli!One thing that sucked was the waiting time. I came at 7, and got seated at 8.30. An hour and a half of waiting! I guess thats the price to pay for a good dinner on a friday night .
As soon as you walk in to Sotto Mare you are happily assaulted with the smell of garlic. Very promising. We ordered the Cioppino and I have to say it was very bland. Flavorless really describes it. Almost as though the chef was trying to please everyone. I think anyone who orders Ciopinno should be ready for and expect a fairly spicy dish. This was unimpressive and sparse when it came to the seafood. The wait staff matched the food. Mediocre.
THE BEST DAMN CIOPPINO!! I totally wasn't expecting crab legs, penne pasta, clams in shells, etc. in my cioppino! Dip it with their warm bread! It was amazing! Thank goodness I had Rodney H. to help me finish the huge bowl of cioppino! Definitely servers 2+ for $38!It's funny, when we were there, I saw a girl at the counter eating her cioppino straight out of the bowl! ALL BY HERSELF! Brave soul! O_O Props to her! Sotto Mare is right next door to Vicoletto! It's a super small restaurant and has the warm, homey feel. You can only make reservations via phone for parties of 3+ or it's first come first serve. Mainly seating at the counter with a few side tables. The bathroom is surprising new and clean!I'm craving another bowl of cioppino!! Who wants to join me? :D
GREAT place for fish! Highly suggest getting whatever fish was brought in for the day! The sand dabs are so buttery (not as in swimming in butter...I'm talking the texture of the fish itself!), amazing. Seafood risotto was so full of seafood....most I've seen!Skip the salt cod appetizer....lots of tomato filler, and oily.Caution to out of towners.....the staff doesn't seem to have the same patience for out of towners as they do for locals...I wouldn't try cracking jokes with them. Just order, eat, and enjoy the fresh fish.
Solid 4 "plus-plus"This casual family-run eatery has been here for 5 years, previously was New Pisa I believe. The Yelp reviews and the Yelpers' "get the sand dabs" tips tipped me over the edge and I stopped in.After being greeted warmly and shown to the marble-topped bar, I had no sooner taken my seat than was greeted by my friendly server who promptly set me up with an order of sand dabs & Bass ale. Now - I try not to write reviews until I've had several meals at a spot, but who knows when I'll get back here next? So I'll just say, I've had sand dabs at several SF dinner houses and always felt they could've been better. Au confrere, mon frere, these were excellent! Couldn't have been fresher had the fish jumped off the plate and bitten me in the nose. NOT oily or "buttered" up, delicious light flavor. Delivered quickly - and no sooner had I set down my empty ale tankard (ok it was just a glass) than I was offered a second helping of suds.Accompanied by local sourdough (meh) and fresh brussels sprouts/carrots, I enjoyed all until my fork noisily announced that the plate had been wiped clean.The place is narrow, not necessarily great for larger groups 'cuz it's small, and it's casual so it would be good for a first date if you want to do it Jerry Maguire-style. Also I visited mid-day so you might want to call ahead for reservations/to see if they have seating room!Try it if you're anywhere near North Beach and want fresh seafood.
Best cioppino I've had in the city, definitely big enough to split it as well. Great atmosphere as long as you aren't looking for something really fancy. Always gonna be crowded but that's because it's delicious.
Second time here. Excellent food, especially the cioppino and scallop dishes. Ground floor dining space is crowded, noisy and fun -- better than the basement dining rooms which are kind of creepy and have not been renovated in decades, or so it appears. Service is solid. This is a rowdy establishment which serves some of the best seafood in SF. Highly recommend....and get a reservation if you want a table.
Can I please give Soto Mare more than 5 stars? It was that good. Amazing food. The only downside would be the lay-out and that our table for 6 was cramped, but really, even that added to the charm. I felt like we were sitting in a cafe in Italy.Started with bread and olive oil, then tried the clam chowder. Wow. I've never tasted a clam chowder like that. Puts every other clam chowder to shame. And I will forever dream about this chowder -- as I live in Florida and likely won't be back to San Fran anytime soon. Everyone at the table got this chowder and we all loved it.My boyfriend and I split the Seafood Linguine. Again, delicious. Tons of seafood. Al dente pasta. And the broth. Wow, the broth. Save some room for bread and hoard that plate of broth. It's so incredibly good for dipping bread. I could drink this stuff.Great, friendly service. And a spacious bathroom. (Does it mean I'm getting old when I judge places by their bathrooms? I was pleasantly surprised by the bathroom. :))If you're in San Fran, this is a must-try!
Red Snapper covered in lemon butter with capers. Carrots, broccoli, fresh bread, and a glass of Zinfandel. Outstanding!
Be prepared to wait. No reservations for parties of 2. And then be prepared to be waiting for not a table but a counter seat. If you can get past this, you'll be incredibly happy you came. I'm going to be the classic Yelp "broken record" reviewer here and say the cioppino. Come here for the cioppino. It really is the best I've ever had. We came super hungry and ordered a bottle of chianti (surprisingly good), an iceberg wedge (as good as an iceberg wedge salad can be), and the cioppino (WHOAH). I'm not sure I've ever eaten so much in my life. And when they say "enough for two" they mean "more than enough for two". Everything we didn't order looked amazing...risotto, fish, crab. It doesn't seem as if you can go wrong here. I'd recommend doing exactly as we did...bottle of wine, salad, one order of cioppino. You'll walk out down less than $100, incredibly full, and incredibly happy.
A lively atmosphere.The owner interacts with everyone and makes sure you feel right at home.My bff & I ordered the seafood ravioli and of course, their famous cioppino.The ravioli came out first in a pink sauce that was to die for. I wouldn't let them take the plate until I scooped the remaining sauce onto my bread plate.The raviolis were filled with sweet and fresh seafood. The cioppino came in a huge pot. It was enough to feed three. There was a balanced mixture of Dungeness crab, mussels, clam, shrimp, fish, calamari, and baby scallops. The broth is bread dipping good! And underneath it all is perfectly al dente penne pasta.I can't wait to go back :)
Started with the clam chowder, where do i get more, cup wasn't enough, should have gone for the bowl. The main entree was the seafood risotto, which the risotto seemed a little overcooked, but the seafood, clams, mussels, shrimp were good. Scallops a bit tiny and the squid good.
Ciopino was amazing. Four of us dined on two bowls and had plenty to take home for lunch. Love the atmosphere . Can now make reservations!
My wife and I didn't realized we haD been here 12 years ago when we were still dating....12 years later, this place tasted even better than we can remember! We ordered ciopino and seafood risotto. The seafood in Cioppino are fresh, tender and flavorful from the freshness. Seafood risotto is cooked just right, not too soggy or too hard with the rice.The service I would consider very good since we were the 3rd table during weekday lunch time. The waitress were friendly and the service was attentive.
Fantastic food and friendly.A great find in a great neighborhood, Sotto Mare has a wonderfully friendly owner and great food. My wife and I spent about 4 days in the city and stumbled upon this our first night. We were fortunate to be the last couple seated that night and the 45 minute wait was well worth it. The hostess (I presume the owner) was extremely friendly and armed us with wine (on the house) for our wait on the sidewalk.While I wish I had ordered the cioppino, I opted for the scallop alfredo and it was excellent. My wife had another seafood pasta dish that was also very good. We also had the clam chowder which was good but not as memorable as the main dish. The food was very high quality and I will certainly be coming back here on my next trip to SF.
not sure why people are so hyped over their cioppino, i've had my share of good cioppino all around, but this place definitely isn't worth the hype. When my cioppino arrived, it was only lukewarm (c'mon, really?!), and the liquid part of the stew was too sweet. I would say yes, there's a lot of seafood in there and for the price it's quite worth it, but i wouldn't say this cioppino blows my mind in terms of its flavor, it's really just okay, I'm not impressed.
This, along with Da Flora, is one of our favorite spots in North beach. We love everything we've had here and we still haven't tried the cioppino. The atmosphere is casual and almost chaotic, which is part of it's charm, but not the type of place for a romatic, candle-lit dinner. It's a fun place that couldn't have more of a "San Francisco" feel if it tried.We love sitting at the counter and watching the staff at work.
Very cool Family-owned/Neighborhood/Italian spotService was beyond friendly, they really seemed to want to connect with the customers and make you feel welcomed and at home.I had the salmon with the tomato caper sauce, I wouldn't call it a must-have, but it was pretty good. I was pleased with it.BGH had the Sand Dabs (these are unique to the bay area), small light white fish, pretty good as well.This place is a must-try for the character and service alone, but be sure to dress in layers, it can get really warm in there
One of the best Seafood/Itialian Restaurants in the city for it's reasonable price!LOVE the BEST DAMN CRAB CIOPPINO: served in a metal pot to keep it HOT(just how I like it), generous amount of seafood, tomato base was perfecto in flavor and in texture (not watered down nor thick)LOVE the Risotto with seafood: generous amount of seafood, creamy rich flavor LOVE the Boston Clam Chowder: generous amount of clamsLOVE the Pesto Pasta: I might be biased because I love anything with pestoLOVE the owners/hosts: interactive, funny, enthusiasticNote: For one of my visits, I got seated downstairs and the service was not as good. The food took quite a while and the server boy gave the wrong order to the table next to us (which was our order). When we tried to get his attention to inform him, he totally ignored us. He did not check up on us once to see if every thing was ok. Regardless of that one experience, I'm absolutely in love with this place and I can't wait to go back!
Limited menu but who cares. What they do they do very well.Just get the Cioppino, plenty enough for 2. And a superb example of the real deal. best in SF for sure.
Easily the best seafood I've ever had. Shared the cioppino for 2 and absolutely loved it. Got a tad spicy near the bottom, but most of the time cioppino seems to run out of seafood before broth. Not the case here, had an abundance of seafood. Service was quick, was given some house wine as we waited. Would definitely recommend and will visit again.
Yelp let us to Sotto Mare. It is a family run Italian Seafood restaurant. It was an easy sell. We drooled over the menu a bit before deciding on seafood risotto and "the best damn Cioppino". With a name like that how could I pass it up? We snacked on bread dipped in oil and vinegar to pass the time. Then, the waitress brought out bibs. We adorned them quite fashionably.Once we were properly dressed for the occasion, we dug in. Literally. And guess what? It was the best damn cioppino. The seafood -- crab, mussels, clams, squid, scallops and shrimp were all cooked to perfection. Not a single piece was overdone. The risotto was nothing scoff at. It, too, was wonderfully prepared. This meal was the perfect welcome to San Francisco.
I thought this was a fun place to go if you know what you are going into. I've lived in Boston, so love the North Beach area of San Francisco b/c it reminded me of being in the North End in Boston. It is VERY casual, loud, hot & crazy with all sorts of crazy stuff on the walls - pictures, various decorations, fish, etc. Just like walking into chaos. I was lucky I could make a reservation because there were 3 of us. They don't take reservations for 2. The wine/beer list is super-limited but i got a decent glass of red to have with my dinner. It was during the World Series so they had that on the tv & all the waitstaff & cooks had giant colors on. The only thing I really didn't love was the cooking smoke that periodically rose out of the kitchen and permeated (read: hair & clothes...) everything in the restaurant. Makes you not want to go someplace else after dinner unless you do an outfit change! But on to the food - I had the monkfish special with a tomato caper sauce & it was very flavorful & fresh-tasting. I was dying to try the cioppino, but couldn't get anyone at my table to go in with me. It looked outstanding. Tablemates tried the risotto & said it was very good. We didn't do dessert or a salad, so can only comment on our entrees. But this was a fun place with great food to try as long as you don't go in thinking it's a fine dining experience.
Fantastic diner.... Great fresh seafood, right prices, casual atmosphere. Italian simplicity executed well... I was skeptical of the hyped Yelp reviews, but I would definitely go back. For $40/person out the door, we were stuffed and loved it!Seafood fettuccine ... excellent pasta and assortment of seafoodHalf crab ... very freshCup of chowder ... not like boston's but still very goodSole ... perfectly cooked and seasonedOnly caution is the wait - don't think there are reservations... don't worry, they'll be happy to serve wine, while you stand and wait:)
I took my sister who was visiting from LA to Sotto Mare this past weekend because I heard that their seafood pasta dish was to die for. Myself and Greg aren't huge seafood fans (unless it's sushi), so going in to the situation, we knew that getting the large cioppino wasn't going to be in the cards. I guess I should have looked the non-seafood options a little bit more, but assumed it'd be fine.We got there around 1pm and it was beautiful and sunny, so we asked to sit outside. Sitting outside, however, also means that you wait for a waitress for about 20 minutes who brings table bread and then says they'll be right back. Another 15 minutes later, we ordered. My sister had the seafood pasta, I asked for the linguine with pesto and added shrimp, Greg had the linguine with aglio olio-pepperoncino. We didn't have to wait long until the food came out. My sister's dish came beautifully put together with a variety of seafood on her linguine; clams, mussels, shrimp and scallops, the full works in a seafood broth. Greg's dish, albeit plain on his request, looked great with the crispy garlic chips, olive oil and red chili flakes that were on his pasta. Mine though, probably one of the worst dishes I've seen from a presentation stand point. I'm used to my pesto being on the thicker side and definitely is not creamy. My pesto looked like it had gotten into a messy fight with some Alfredo sauce, and there was enough sauce in the bowl for another two servings of pasta. The shrimp that I had asked for came carelessly dumped onto top of the pasta. NOTE: the shrimp that come additional are the tiny tiny bay shrimp, not your typical prawns. Being that I was hungry, I ate it, but was left with a moderately unpleasant feeling. I had some of Greg's pasta, and while it was savory with the richness of the olive oil and garlic, it lacked something else, maybe a little bit of salt. I didn't try my sister's dish, but she ate all of it (except for the clam that was served to her that wasn't opened...shouldn't you check for that?). She really liked her dish, but both her and Greg wished that the waitress would have offered more table bread to mop up the extra sauce. So, the conclusion on Sotto Mare would be that if you aren't there for seafood, find another place. If you are though, and it's specific to either the cioppino (which I heard was great from a few other people around us) or the seafood pasta, then this would be a good spot to hit up. Personally, my dish registered 2 stars, but since my sister had good things to say about her dish, I'll give here a 3 star place.
Best cioppino I had in Frisco. I also tried the sandabs and they were delicious. The place is small and the wait is long but I will definitely go back for the cioppino again.
Wow...If you're looking for an intensely upbeat, and entertaining dining experience with a fresh and delicious seafood menu, consider Sotto Mare. Met up with some girlfriends for a 'catch-up' dinner one Friday evening and was taken aback by the "different" kind of hospitality demonstrated by all the staff. Instead of the usual greeting, I received a complimentary glass of red wine while waiting for the rest of our party to arrive. Jane L. had the weirdest conversation with one of the men that worked there and had built an interesting relationship by the time I arrived. (hahahah...hence the wine...) We were seated downstairs and somehow became the butt of a blonde joke the waiter had playfully invented. Kim T. and I split this fettuccine with a lusciously creamy pesto sauce along with thick and juicy sauteed prawns paired with chunky, buttery asparagus. The flavors were so well-paired and unbelievably FRESH and delicious. When I come back, I'm definitely going to order this one dish that came with a spicy tomato-y sauce... I could smother it in bread and eat it ALL DAY LONG if I could... so good!The best part of their menu selection was, of course, dessert. HAHAH what a bunch of comedians... I enjoyed dining here and will definitely be back. But if you're emotionally sensitive, uptight, get offended easily, and can't handle an intense dining experience, this may not be the place for you. DELIZIOSO!!!!!!!!! (Thanks Jane L. for bringing us here! XOXO)
I went here with my boyfriend this afternoon and he loved it. I liked it too but not nearly as much as him. I had the fettucini with scallops and he had the lobster ravioli. The lobster ravioli was far superior to my dish so I get why he lived it so much. The staff was great, restaurant was clean and we were seated right away. I would avoid the scallops on my next trip though.
Loved this place!! We did have to wait for a table but Gigi sent us next door to a really fun bar. When we were seated, the food was great...not a Michelin star spot but good, fresh seafood with great service.
This place is SO.GOOD., and everyone in town knows it. Therefore -- make reservations, and definitely factor in time to find parking if needed.Don't be fooled by its appearance -- Sotto Mare may look like a more casual diner upon first glance, but go past the counter and you'll find stairs that lead you to a spacious lower level. Still fun, but more formal. The menu is rock-solid, with the favorite being (of course) the cioppino. A finger-licking portion for two! The sand dabs are also a favorite of mine, but you really can't go wrong with any order. We've had oysters, mussels, linguine, specials (lobster ravioli, anyone?)... all delicious and quite affordable. Please note, however, that instead of getting dessert, you will be served with a written explanation of why Sotto Mare's doing you a favor by not serving sugar-laden dishes. I suppose that's fair, even if they just finished carbo-loading you for the month with pasta and bread. You'll likely be too full for dessert anyway.Even better than the food: service is incredibly kind, even when they're slammed. It helps that they pour you some complimentary vino if you have to wait a while... cin cin!
Best seafood risotto and clam chowder I've ever had! I knew that clam chowder was going to be a highlight in San Francisco and chose Sotto Mare because a lot of reviewers praised it for its authenticity and coziness! And I was not disappointed. The clam chowder came with bread and there were two portion sizes-the bowl and the plate! Of course, I went with the bowl! It was very creamy and there lots of chunks! The seafood risotto was also very good and the portion was huge! After the clam chowder, I could not have possibly finished my main too! Price was very reasonable and service was also fast and friendly! Would not hesitate to go back on my next trip to San Fran!
My boyfriend and I came for dinner on Saturday night around 6:45. They said the wait would be about 15/20 minutes, it was more like 30. Also, there's no room to wait inside so bring a jacket! (They do take reservations for parties of 3 or more so definitely make one.)We were seated at the bar which was fun to watch the kitchen staff, albeit a bit loud and chaotic. We ordered the cioppino which was delicious! I have only eaten cioppino once before in my life so I'm unable to really compare, but it was REALLY good. They also gave us bibs which were much needed. Picky eaters beware: there are things with tentacles in there. We never ran out of bread, water was refilled promptly, and although the servers looked exhausted, they were courteous. The house white wine was surprisingly good. We ordered the half-liter which was perfect for two people.This isn't just dinner, it's an experience and an experience I highly recommend.
lunch on a Wednesday with a 13 yo hell-bent on pizza -- when we realized this place, which had come recommended by a local, only served seafood & pasta, the gregarious manager (maybe owner?) helpfully suggested we go around the corner to Tony's to get a slice of pizza.  The freshly sliced, chewy Italian bread -- sliced right before being put into bread basket as I saw the slicing behind the bar -- was delicious, so between bread with butter & the $4 pizza slice the 13 yo was sated.  While it wasn't that crowded Wed at lunch, still a gracious offer by the manager to allow us to bring in outside food. Now on to the seafood. Loved my fettucine with bay scallops but portion was daunting. Husband enjoyed his salmon. Loved the fresh bread for sopping up the sauce. Husband was sitting next to an older gentleman dining alone. Struck up conversation as it turns out he dines at Sotto Mare regularly, his fav seafood in San Fran.  Gentleman arrived after we did, and mentioned he's having his usual Crab Louie. Piqued my curiosity as I didn't know what this dish is. So upon arrival of his plate of sweet crab, lettuce, and what looked like Thousand Island dressing, he insisted on putting some of it on a small plate for me to taste (hubby doesn't eat crab) -- delicious and light (guy was 70+ yo with physique of Mick Jagger) so see how it's feasible for him to eat there several times a week as he told us he does.  Don't think desserts are available (but Victoria Pastry & Stella's are nearby so you're golden), but full wine/beer list.  Bathrooms were extremely clean and looked recently renovated. Bistro decor/feel.
The Best Damn Crab Cioppino is a real bomb! You've got to try this. Enough to share for two people.
Gigi's will definitely be a place I'll visit again soon! The food was delicious! Our server was adorable and very nice! Overall, just spectacular!We ordered the Seafood Risott, which was just divine. The sauce was super flavorful; you can taste that the seafood is the main star. There was a lot of the seafood itself too. Perfect rice to seafood ratio.I would suggest to maybe not order the Lobster ravioli if you've ordered the risotto. It will taste slightly bland after you've tasted the risotto. Also maybe skip the Smoked Salmon Fettucine if you don't like smoked salmon that much. It was also pretty basic; creamy sauce, smoked salmon, fettucine.Order their signature dishes: Crab Cioppino, Seafood Risotto, Oysters! Those are definitely worth ordering!
Hmmm, such great reviews.  Called to make a reservation and first time they hung up the phone on me.  So I called right back. 2nd time I called they told me to come by in the morning. Seeing as how I'm not currently in the same city (Live in Honolulu and was organizing a party in San Fran) I told him I couldn't do that.  When he started telling me that I was breaking his balls was the final straw and told them that they can take their restaurant and shove it as I've never been so rudely treated trying to make a reservation.Don't know about the quality of their food or service.  From all accounts it looks like a great place but I will never know myself.
The best Seafood I ever had in California.It's fresh, not super expensive and the service is great!A must go for seafood lovers if you in SFO!The best is Rosotto, all Crab Dishes and the Sole fish!! Enjoy!
The foods are not tasty and plain. The waitrees and waiters were not nice, the service is bad!! There is a grandma that will shout at the customers and will bring our mood down. And they write and add more their tip bythemselves, which is very rude. Overall, this restaurant suck, don't eat here..
Oh Sotto Mare.Your cioppino is truly the best I've ever had. It's definitely enough for two. Crab, clams, bay scallops, mussels, shrimp are plentiful. Penne pasta is thrown into the mix, but save your carbs by dipping their complimentary bread into the heavenly sauce. Eating at the bar was much fun! They also have a downstairs dining area. My only complaint is how rude the owner is. I get it. This is the kind of restaurant that folks will wait in line for, so she thinks folks will keep coming back regardless of the service or she doesn't care about repeat customers. Don't know, don't care, rude is rude. Good customer service only helps, lady. She and I didn't interact, but when I was leaving I heard her being an arrogant prick to a guy waiting in line for ~30 minutes. Not cool. Minus two stars for her disgusting behavior. Parking isn't impossible, but it sure is a betch.
Had a group of friends here definitely come early as it gets packed FAST there were two groups in front of us and the front desk said fully booked! Now i know why, the Cioppino is sooo good. Whatever people are saying...it's true so good! Would have been nice to have the bread warm but the sauce with the cioppino was GREAT! We also had Seafood Fettuccine in white cream sauce that was good too! It was great experience to try this out! Would love to come back in the future!
I decided to splurge a bit for lunch yesterday returning to one of my favorite seafood restaurants in the City for what would be another outstanding meal.The place was a bit on the empty side around 1:30 in the afternoon. Waiter, server and seafood afficionado Glen greeted me as I stepped into the restaurant. I took a seat at the counter which is my usual routine here. I had intended to have the fabulous cioppino, but when Glen read off the daily specials my attention shifted to salmon.Giant Coho Salmon caught fresh from the Columbia River served grilled with an olive oil and garlic Bordelaise sauce was the first special he described, and at that point my focus was lost. I think the other two specials were striped bass and Lingcod. Anyway, as you've probably assumed I ordered the Coho Salmon. I had a cup of the Boston Clam Chowder also. Fresh sliced French bread is always offered with butter, and I had my usual cola in a glass with the slushed ice.The clam chowder was robust with flavor and so hearty. They chop the potatoes down to smaller pieces, almost bits, to match the size of the clam pieces. I'm not exaggerating to suggest that the portion of clam was higher than the portion of potatoes either. Celery and bacon bits are also included in the rich soup stock. I finished my entire chunk of bread with the chowder.The fish took some time to cook, but when it arrived it was perfect. The thick, half pound cut was expertly grilled retaining its moisture and tenderness throughout. Often I fear that big cuts of fish like this are unevenly cooked, but that wasn't the case here. The crispy grilled salmon skin which was served on the bottom was a delight to eat. I've always enjoyed crispy salmon skin. Loaded with chopped garlic I had to walk up to a local store afterward for a can of breath mints before I could return to work.The salmon was served with fresh carrots and green beans, both cooked al dente. Both were crunchy and sweet.
We came here two nites for the famous Cioppino but the line was too long at the first night, while the second nite we were lucky enough to get the last seat before they close. So be prepared to wait for over 45min! But the food were definitely worthy all the waiting. We were in Boston last week, had many clam chowder, and here you won't regret! Personally I think it's better than I had in Boston. Not mention the clam and mussel steamer! It's the best! And the Cioppino, yes, I am happy we came again the second night!
Went on a Saturday night. Had some oysters and a cioppino. I ordered the east coast oyster (probably should order the west coast ones) The oysters are small. Tastes a little bit salty. The cioppino is worth of the wait. Lots of crab meat!
This seems to be a trend for me recently. I visit a restaurant that is rated highly on yelp I get there and I agree 100% on the rating when it comes to the food, but then I have horrible service. I continue to struggle rating places in this manner and I really hope down the road yelp adds a second rating category. We arrived on a Thursday night. The gentleman at the door was very friendly. He informed us that they strictly served seafood, no chicken, no beef, no pork, no desserts, no coffee. This did make us chuckle because well we chose Sotto Mare.We were worried when we arrived around 7PM because the restaurant was very crowded. To our surprise we were taken downstairs and quickly seated. Our waitress was friendly and gave us time to review the menu. Water glasses were placed on the table but never filled. We placed our order my friend ordered a half carafe of wine, me having had a little to much to drink the night before I decided on an iced tea. The waitress brought the wine and two glasses. She left too quickly to be able to ask for my iced tea. When she finally came back with our food I was able to mention my iced tea which she apologized about and quickly brought back.As other guests were seated we noticed they were also getting a nice basket of bread. We wondered what was different but trying to get the attention of our waitress was near impossible. The table next to us was having the same problem trying to gain the attention over our overwhelmed waitress. We finished our food, no opportunity to get a refill on my iced tea, no water, no bread. We had to struggle to get the attention of our waitress to ask for our check.The food was AMAZING. The service however leaves much to be desired. I will give Sotto Mare another chance when I return to San Francisco in a few months and hopefully I can move my rating to the deserved 4 stars.
This incredible down to earth Italian seafood with a built-in seafood market. It isn't about an upscale ambiance or the latest ingredients. Instead, it is about simply the best fresh seafood, made the way its been made for years, because people keep coming back for it. It is a great place for a date or to spend hours chatting with friends over their famous ciopinno.
Hm, 4.5 stars...really? "Best Damn Cioppino"? I think not, this place is pretty overrated.It would have been 3.5 stars, if the hostess didn't have this stuck up attitude. I mean she's nice, but she really thinks the restaurant is "the shit". Well, it's not. I made reservations at 7PM for 5 people, and 3 of us arrived at 6:50PM because the other 2 were looking for parking. We checked in with her and she said that she will only seat us when our whole party is here. Initially, I thought, okay that makes sense because the restaurant looks pretty full and we would be taking up a table just waiting for people. However, when we finally got seated, half of the downstairs was EMPTY! Instead of letting us sit at one of those EMPTY tables, she made us wait by the door on this cold SF night. HOW RUDE. A restaurant can't be "the shit" if you have stuck up service, even if your food is good, and in this case, it didn't met expectations. Since I tried Anchor Oyster Bar a week ago, I'm able to compare the two, apples to apples. 1. Cioppino - ANCHOR WINS!Sorry Sotto - your Cioppino isn't that great. Though the portion size was very generous, and definitely enough to feed 2 people as it was piled with seafood (clam, mussels, squid, crab, bay shrimp, prawns, etc), the flavor wasn't there. I felt that it was very watered down and tasted almost like pasta sauce. The pasta was a nice addition to the dish, but too bad the soup/sauce/whatever that was sucked. On the other hand, at Anchor, the soup was actually soup consistency, like a bisque. It was fresh and packed with flavor from the seafood. The crab was also out of its shell which makes it easier to eat! 2. Clam chowder - SOTTO WINS!While both clam chowders were good, Sotto wins because it had clams (and bacon) in each bite, while Anchor had more potatoes and less clams. It's a pretty close one, but Sotto wins. 3. Steamed Shellfish - ANCHOR WINS!The both at Sotto is just pure butter. Yes, that makes it super delicious, but it gets overwhelming after awhile. At Anchor, the broth (unique for each steamed dish) is fresh and flavorful - without the butter. Definitely more complex flavors at Anchor, to the point where it's basically a soup that you can drink - not salty at all! Aside from those, we also ordered (not offered at Anchor):4. Seafood RisottoThis was probably my favorite dish. The risotto had a good chewy consistency. I've had some pretty bad ones where its overcooked or undercooked. But I think it was cooked perfectly here. It was also loaded with seafood, and a very generous portion as well. 5. Filed Monkfish Okay, this was plain nasty. Maybe it's just the way monkfish taste (my first time trying), but it was bland and tasteless. The garlic butter lemon did not make up for the flavor at all. And the texture of a poor-man's lobster? It certainty did not feel like it. No more monkfish for me!Verdict: ANCHOR OYSTER BAR WINS! Avoid the parking at North Beach and go to Anchor Oyster Bar instead of Sotto Mare. You can thank me later! :)
Yes to Oyster shoot !
I love this place. Particularly, I love being abused by little Italian women. :) Truly, the food is so good here and the atmosphere is super cozy. Here's what we love:- raw oysters- clam chowder- ciopinnoAll of these are super delicious! No, the service isn't for the faint of heart. I personally love loud bossy women -- I feel at ease in their presence. If you aren't acting like a dufus and expecting them to seat you right away at a 6-top when only 2 people in your party have arrived, you won't get yelled at. However, it provides entertainment for those of us who aren't dufuses. Come here and get you some good grub!
Fresh seafood at a great price! Down-to-earth atmosphere and friendly service. I recommend going during the off hours, otherwise the place tends to fill up quick.
Crammed little space, perhaps 'cozy' with paper towel rolls instead of napkins - give it a very casual, almost BBQ kind of feel to it. The seafood was okay/good. The friendly service is something to go back for in my book. Sand dabs were cooked perfectly.
Here's the reason for the one-star: horrible service. The restaurant owner had a terrible attitude to all incoming customers on a very typical Saturday evening. Yes, North Beach is packed at this time of the day and people are all trying to get a table, but there is NO NEED TO BE RUDE. The owner seems to have become conceited given that customers are just lining up at her restaurant door. But don't take my word for it. Just go here yourself (or call in advance). You will encounter a nasty lady who will tell you that there's no table for you and they aren't taking any reservations. Just nasty, nasty attitude. Who needs that? Folks, there's no need. This place is way over-rated. The food isn't THAT great (I just spent a week in Italy prior to coming here). Save yourself frustration and agony -- try some of the other restaurants in the area (Caffe Sport next door, for example).
enjoyed it, great fresh sea food with right Italian recipes. perfect balance of quality, food, and no-nonsense atmosphere. Well done!
We somewhat stumbled upon this place for dinner and were very happy that we did. I had been doing some research before coming and had seen Sotto Mare mentioned several different times, so when I saw it, I said we must go there. It was pretty busy, but we opted to sit downstairs in order to avoid a wait. We started off with the Combo Louie, the crab meat was very fresh and there was a generous portion for sure as well as the shrimp and prawns. We then split the Cioppino and I loved it. TONS of seafood in a tomato broth with some noodles on the bottom. The only Cioppino I have had was from Trader Joes, so this obviously blew that one out of the water! We also ordered the grilled rex sole (they were out of the sand dabs), and it was so light and tasty. I love fish and the way this was prepared was excellent. It wasnt greasy or fried, it was just right. We were STUFFED!! This place knows its seafood, obviously. Everything was fresh and prepared wonderfully. DEFINITELY check this spot out.
My girlfriend and I LOVED this place!!! If u could give 6 stars I would. We ordered the West Coast Oysters and house salad to start, both were very fresh and prepared nicely. The real reason we came was for the Cioppino and it didn't disappoint! The dish served 2 for $38 and my girlfriend and I were able to fill out bowls at least 3 times each. My girlfriend was extremely skeptical to start but after her first bite she said, "they should bottle this sauce, it's great!"Service was quick, and direct which we liked. Plus the owner/host pointed us in the direction of a great cafe for dessert (not served at Sotto Mare). Once again I strongly recommend :)
I love this place. Such great food, incredible ambiance/service... just a really really great restaurant.
How do you take a restaurant from good to great when it is packed to the brim with a line out the door? Well, giving each person a free glass of wine is a great starting point and creating some of the best Itatlian food in the area is a solid way to follow through! This place is beyond amazing! The owners will make you laugh, they will hook you up with ridiculously awesome pours of lovely wine and they will treat your taste buds to incredible food! The portions are huge! The seafood is fresh! This is a SF must!
Back in December 2012 - Good friend in town from the mid-west, loves seafood - so had to line him up with SF's Cioppino! Perhaps my expectations were increased when the very nice waitress meantioned they Have the BEST in the City... Sat at the bar, ordered for two and maybe this Is a great dish but I wasn't impressed based on the "hype" especially since I have had better in SF.Everyone has off days but my go to spot is very consistent - should have stuck to my guns. All in all there are many other items on Sotto Mare's menu that look good. So maybe one day I can come back and get a change of Stars -
I loved Sotto Mare. I stopped in for a quick bite at this full of character eatery before starting the day. I had the BEST, bar none, cioppino I have ever had. It was wonderful - the sauce was fresh, the fish was perfect and the addition of al dente pasta was excellent. The oysters were fresh, sweet and perfectly briney. The bread was lovely - fluffy, soft and warm.If you do not want to wait - go early. I arrived just as they opened, a little early for me but it ensured a seat and quick service.Sotto Mare is a must-visit for the cioppino. Delicious!
Scallops - this is the best thing they serve and it is AMAZINGBay shrimp - rivals the deliciousness of the scallopsCalamari - i thought it was average but my wife LOVED it and she loved everythingOYsters -first time trying them but I loved them, no exp. with oysters to compare toMussels - some were amazing some were rubbery, don't know why the contrastPrawns - perfectThere was one more kind of seafood that was delicious but I can't remember the name.All of this came with the "linguini with seafood." The only difference between this and the cioppino is the sauce and the cioppino has half a crab. Linguini w/ seafood is $19 and cioppino is $41. You can have your accountant work out the better value here.Service - service went above and beyond even though we were outside and the farthest table away on an absolutely packed evening. Very very impressed although the host seriously needed a computer. I don't know how she kept up with the wait and reservations without a POS system.
Get the oyster shooter, this place is always crowded, a family friendly restaurant, what can you expect asides from amazing seafood list, got the iced tea and it is so refreshing, loved the oyster shooter, you better get it, the tomato sauce along with the oyster is a stunning concept, like an oyster in a shot, get both East Coast and West Coast, I also got the grilled sand dabs and season vegetables, never underestimate the grilling skill, the sand dabs is cooked perfectly, I love it, you can also get the cioppino.
Amazing local atmosphere and genuine local people with a great menu and delicious food. You will not be sorry!
We strolled into Sotto Mare at 6:30 on a Friday night and managed to land the last two counter seats. Lucky us!We started out with a half dozen west coast oysters. At only $1.50, these oysters were amazing, as we probably should have ordered more, except for how much food we knew we had coming.For our main, we split an order of the cioppino, which really was some of the best we'd ever had. The shellfish was plentiful, and was perfect--very fresh and cooked just right. The penne at the bottom was also al dente perfection, which doesn't always happen in soups and stews. What makes their cioppino special is the sauce, though. It's a thick tomato base, but isn't so tomatoey that it overpowers the rest of the dish; this is tough to do.Sotto Mare's dessert menu is entertaining. It's basically a laminated letter from the owner stating that she cannot consciously serve desserts, knowing how bad they are for her customers' health. She then goes on to recommend some of her favorite local dessert spots, should you still want to indulge somewhere else. The fact is, the cioppino is so big, that dessert was the last thing on our mind anyway!
Amazing taste Cioppino!! I have never eaten such great dishes!! The price is not so expensive, and customer service was really neat to us!! Get see and along there!
Not a huge fan of seafood things but we came here to celebrate a friends birthday. and everyone kept raving about their {CIOPPINO} it's quite tasty and I would definitely recommend it - they could however use an update on their house bread, if they could pair it with some nice Tartine Baked bread that would be heavenly ;)We also ordered a {SEAFOOD PASTA w/ olive oil} but I would say it's less than stellar. Go for the {CIOPPINO}
Fantastic Cioppino! Best in SF by far. Will be back next week for more. Love this place
A group of 12 of us ate here for lunch last Saturday at noon, just when it opened so there was no wait. We took up all the outside tables. Four of us sat in one table while the others shared two other tables. I ordered the Grilled Sand Dabs, which included about six fillets- unfortunately they were dry, greasy and flavorless. I also had a cup of clam chowder that was tasty. My companion ordered a Crab Louie - the salad consisted of a few slices of tomatoes and iceberg lettuce. He didn't like it and was surprised they used iceberg lettuce. The other couple shared the popular Cioppino- they thought it was good but was disappointed that half of the pot consisted of pasta, a filler to replace seafood. Overall, the service was good but the food was average.
Went again for my birthday..it truly is the best damn cioppino. Also had the linguini and it was awesome as well
Love love love the cioppino here, easily best I've ever had, although portion is a bit unreasonably huge. Who said there's no good Italian food in the North Beach?!Be prepared to wait or make sure to have a reservation. Not recommended for a big group due to the limited seating area & definitely too noisy for a date. Favorite seafood restaurant in the North Beach!
You should hope that there is a bit of wait when you get here...no seriously...the woman who does the seating should get an award for the entertainment she provides to all of us waiting to get seated. I swear we had to wait 30 minutes but it felt like 10 minutes because of her. She makes impatient people look like 5 year olds who are trying to get their mothers attention while she is obviously doing 5 things at once. It's hilarious. So if you have to wait, and I suggest you do, enjoy the show! We started with a bowl of clam chowder. We ordered it and, BAM, we turned around for a second and it was there ready for us to devour. It was probably the best clam chowder I've had in the city. Large portions with humongous chunks of clams. So far so good. For dinner, we decided to order the ever so popular Cioppino for two. It was absolutely fantastic! Actually, absolutely fantastic doesn't completely describe the joy on my face when they brought it out to us. All the expression on my face said was, "Bring me my bib...thanks". I'm telling you this thing is ginormous! This creation from the heavens was filled with crab legs, shrimp, clams, calamari, mussels, just to mention a few. It was so rich and hearty and full of flavor! They did throw some noodles in the mix although they don't really need to because they throw so much seafood in there. Between the two of us, we still had plenty for a third person to join in. I'd have to say the best cioppino of the year, no doubt! If there's a wait, do yourself a favor...wait!! She will even take your phone number and call you if you feel the need to wander around while you wait. Trust me, it's so worth it.  We will definitely be returning for sure.
It's our second time here and Food is excellent.. The cioppino is delicious and the staff is very attentive to your needs.. I would highly recommend this place! The place is small and cozy
Love the cioppino and the risotto!Come with 4 ppl or more and get a reservation or wait forever!
Exceptional service (thanks Betty!), The three of us ordered seafood linguine, sand dabs and prawns/scallops. Delicious, generous portions and reasonable prices! The long wait is worth it!
Great Seafood, Definitely meet Gigi , he is fun and has a lot of stories to talk about.This place rocks with the quality of food and has great service
K - Im a Cio-P snob - this is the best ever; its giant (enough for 2 meals) and def worth the buckPLUS - best service EVER - we were late on a Friday night; they were understanding, sat us promptly and comped my mom a glass of wine; everything was fast, furious and flavorful - cannot wait to go back :)
Tourists that we were, we were looking to try a great cioppino. We definitely found it!The oyster shooters were amazing! Loved them! And the bloody mary one was GREAT!We split the cioppino, and it was a totally new experience to us. The broth was rich and delicious. The seafood was so fresh, and everything was plentiful! We had to ask for a bit more bread to soak up some of that delicious broth, but then felt a deep sense of guilt and remorse when we couldn't finish the crab.
Amazing! Love the big bowl of clams and oysters. We sang to the great music and had wonderful time. It is a casual, fun and reasonably priced restaurant. I highly recommend it.
Sorry, not a fan.Came here with a group of 7 other friends in the mood for indulging on some seafood and carbs before the Nike Women's Marathon.Had high expectations for Sotto Mare but found the seafood and pasta to be good but not enough to balance out their slow and inattentive service.Since we had a large group, per recommendations of our waitress, we decided to order dishes and share family style. The waitress suggested getting 3-4 dishes since the pastas should be large enough to share between 2 people. We ordered 4 large pasta seafood dishes (~$18 each) and it turned out to be barely enough to fill our tummies and two people in our party weren't even hungry. We were seated in the basement which was a bit musty. It was very difficult to get the attention of our waitress and when the bill came, she gave us a hard time about splitting the check between two credit cards. If you come here, it's probably better to stick to the seafood but even then, I feel that it's a bit overpriced for both the quality and quantity that you get. There are definitely better places in the city!
My friend and I were searching for a random dinner place when we passed by Sotto Mare. I pointed it out to her because I had mentioned it to her before and had been wanting to try it. We saw a small group of people outside, but on a whim, decided to see how long the wait would be for two people. When we got to the entrance, we found that there actually was a lot of seating!! We had no wait time and sat down immediately at the middle of the bar seating -- "best seats in the house!". 15 minutes after we sat down, the whole bar seating was full. I can definitely see how the wait can be long for this place. After a while of indecisiveness, my friend and I decided to get the cioppino to share, as well as a cup of clam chowder (it's actually bowl-sized). I'm not a huge seafood fan, but I wanted to give this place a try for their specialities. The clam chowder was really good; definitely try it. Then, the cioppino came out -- it's this HUGE bowl (bucket?!) with crab, calamari, scallops, mussels, clams, shrimp, and penne. Even though I don't like mussels or clams, this thing was DELICIOUS. Best cioppino I've had so far. Everything was fresh, and the quantity was more than enough. AND the price is so reasonable!! This place has a very cozy feel and the staff was always friendly and attentive. Great place to bring friends or seafood lovers!
The chippino was amazing, but the service was below atrocious. They missed one order at our table and 40 minutes later it still hadn't arrived. It did manage to finally appear at the same time as the check. The waitress was clueless, disorganized, and unprofessional.
Loved the atmosphere here-- quaint, cozy and casual. The staff was extremely friendly and the woman at the front (most likely, one of the owners) poured us a glass of wine while we waited for open seats. The place is small and they didn't take reservations for just 2 people, but we didn't have to wait long and got seated at the counter. (This was on Valentine's day too so I was pretty impressed we got seated as quickly as we did.) The food was nothing short of amazing! We ordered a dozen of the raw oysters and they were extremely fresh! Between my boyfriend and I, we split the cioppino (yes, it really IS as good as they say!!!) and the seafood linguine which was also just as delicious! We washed our meals down with a few Peroni beers and left completely happy, full and satisfied!
This hidden gem, which is tucked in a lively area of North Beach, is one of the best Italian seafood places I have ever been. The place is relatively small so keep your eyes peeled. Come to this restaurant-- you won't regret it!The BF and I came here on a Saturday night at around 7:30 pm. Sotto Mare has a wonderful feeling of family camaraderie; the staff makes everyone feel like home! Music starts playing and people go wild and dance. Absolutely fantastic! Gigi (the top boss) graciously converses with everyone who waits and gives out wine samples. I guess we didn't mind waiting too much after that. The clam chowder is one of the best in the area. Don't forget to dip it with bread! As many have mentioned, try the grilled sand dabs, which are perfectly crusted and juicy. The sauteed brussel sprouts and carrots are soooo delicious and fresh that I was thinking of asking for another side order of it! The best of the night was the cioppino, which most share. An Italian-style of the French bouillabaise, it is fantastic. It comes with a half portion of crab, clams, mussels, fish, shrimp, scallops with penne underneath. The seafood is so fresh and the tomato sauce is fantastic!Service was absolutely delightful, as we were very attentively served. Our waitress even positioned everything for us after each portion of the meal to make sure we were at our most comfortable. We were seated outside and it was a little cold and windy but the food still felt warm and delicious. Come to Sotto Mare sometime, it's definitely one of the best places in SF!
As soon as we entered you could feel the energy and friendly vibe. I wish we could have had dinner on the main floor where all the action was, but we were seated downstairs which was roomy and quieter. Nothing at all wrong being downstairs, it just depends what kind of environment you're looking for.First off I have to agree with the other reviewers, the clam chowder is outstanding! Lots of clams, tender potatoes, and creamy without being too heavy - simply delicious! Our main course was "The Best Damn Crab Cioppino" with seafood. I'm usually dubious when a menu says it's enough for two, especially when it's referring to seafood. But sure enough, it was plenty for two. In a huge silver bowl was a half a cracked dungeness crab, mussels, clams, shrimp, bay scallops, white fish and rigatoni pasta. The cioppino was very good, almost perfect...almost. But it was missing fennel; for me, fennel is a key ingredient for cioppinio that would have given it greater depth.A caveat is if you're not a bread eater, the cioppino may not be enough. Mind you, we weren't eating the bread to get full, we really enjoyed using it to soak up the great broth with torn chunks of bread.We'll certainly be back and I'll indulge in some oysters and clams on the half-shell, and more clam chowder!
I brought some guests from out of town here and when I say out of town I really mean it as they came to visit from Tahiti. As such, I wanted to give them a really authentic San Francisco dining experience.They were really curious about the Stinking Rose but I was able to politely steer them the way of Sotto Mare and they loved it! They shared an oyster plate and the classic crab cioppino and mustered their way through the messy & delicious meal.I was on a strict diet at the time so I had to settle for their grilled sole. I know, I know, people don't come here for the grilled sole but I was still a bit disappointed in what I got, especially for the price.All in all we had a great time and my guests loved their meal. The ambiance is loud, fun and fast paced. Make sure you decide on your order quickly or you'll feel like you're in Seinfeld's "The Soup Nazi".
My girlfriend and I decided to try this place out because I was craving some Italian Seafood and this restaurant was highly recommended by a friend. We made the mistake of driving so I dropped her off first to grab a table while I went around and hopelessly searched for parking. Although they wouldn't seat her until I got there, they were nice enough to give her a complimentary glass of red wine while she waited for me. We decided to get a cup of clam chowder with the crab cioppino and let me just say it really is the "best damn crab cioppino"! It was SO good. The seafood was fresh and did not taste like it'd been sitting out all day and the portion was just enough to get two people to the right amount of full without being too little or too much. The service is nice too and they consistently checked if we were doing okay and if the food was to our liking; we told them yes repeatedly. Overall I will definitely come back here with friends because I'm sure they've never had anything like the cioppino before. I would recommend this place to anyone craving some good Italian food in Northbeach.
Amazing, delicious food! Small quaint place, not formal at all and really great food!!
I am a Seahawk fan, and the day before the game I was in San Fran to visit with my wife. We heard about this place so thought we would give it a go for lunch. I walked straight into the Red Sea of Niner fans at this place. We had fresh oysters which were as fresh as you could get, and shared the Seafood Cioppino. This was the best Cioppino I have ever ordered and it was FULL of seafood. The two of us could not eat all of it, it was so much and we tried. A great place to try, you will not be disappointed! The next day all the people in Sotto Mare were crying because their beloved Niners fell to the Seahawks in the NFC Championship.
Trying to book Dante's Inferno for a private party was truly a hellish experience. I was putting together a dinner for 35 of my coworkers and Sotto Mare was incompetent, rude, and left me in a terrible position just a couple of days before the event, which is on 5/10/11. Call 1 - Spoke to Gigi, the owner (4/26/11) Me: How many can you accommodate in your private room, Dante's Inferno? Gigi: It's for 30 people but the absolute max we can fit is 42. Me: What is your corkage policy? Gigi: What's corkage? Don't worry, it's free. Bring your wine. Call 2 - Spoke to Luisa, the manager and Gigi's sister-in-law (5/2/11) Me: Hi, I would like to book the private room for a group. Right now, I have 32 people committed but it may be closer to 35-40. Luisa: Lady, I'm don't know who talked to you before but the room is for about 25 people. 32 is too many. Me: Well, Gigi told me 42 max. Luisa: Fine.. But 38 is the absolute MAXIMUM. Call me on Friday to confirm your party size. Me: And corkage is $0, right? Luisa: We will have to charge you a bar fee of $100 even though corkage is $0. Me: Gigi didn't tell me that. He said it was free. Luisa: Well, it's not corkage. It's a fee for the bar because if you bring your own drinks, we can't make money off the alcohol. Me: Isn't that the point of $0 corkage? Anyway, I'll give you my credit card number to hold the room. Call 3 - Spoke to Luisa (5/6/11) Me: Hi, I just wanted to let you know that there will be 35 people in our group. Luisa (sounding very upset): I told you 30 max. Me: No, you told me 38 and Gigi told me 42. Luisa: Fine, but no more. Only 35. It's for your own good not to bring any more people. Also, we still need to charge you $100 for the bar fee since we will not be making money from the alcohol and I will have to hire an extra employee on Tuesday since that room isn't usually open on Tuesdays. Me: Well then, aren't we providing extra revenue already since that room isn't usually open on Tuesdays? Luisa: Do you want it or not? Call me back in a few minutes after you've thought about it. Call 4 - Gigi called me 2 minutes after I hung up with Luisa (5/6/11) Gigi: I want to let you know that THE FIRE DEPARTMENT TOLD ME THAT THE ROOM CAN ONLY SEAT 25. I HAVE TO CANCEL YOUR RESERVATION FOR TUESDAY. Me: You just found out NOW about the maximum capacity? Gigi: I don't know who took your booking but we shouldn't have allowed that many people. Me: YOU are the one who told me maximum 42. Gigi: Well, we can't do it. It needs to be cancelled. Me: But your Yelp page says Dante's Inferno can seat 30. Are you lying? Gigi: Usually, people book for 30 and only 25 show up so it works out ok. Me: SO, YOU'RE A BOLDFACE LIAR...GREAT. What am I supposed to do now that you've cancelled on me 4 days before my dinner party? And, you have not even said sorry one time on this call. You're screwing me over.
Before you go, know that if you're making reservations, this lady means business. A friend of mine who lives in town told me that he got a severe talking to for showing up one short of his large reservation one time. And when he made reservations for our group this go-round, she reminded him three times that if we were one minute late, our reservation would be canceled. We were on time. All 10 of us.She greeted us heartily but still all business and hurriedly led us down to the basement; she told us to be as boisterous as we pleased. We took her up on that but soon learned that the hard surfaces and low ceilings threw our laughter every which way and eventually drove the other small group seated shortly after us into the adjoining room (they laughed when we apologized and told us to continue enjoying ourselves - sorry!)We skipped apps and went straight for the real thing. We had one pregnant friend who was limited to the few non-seafood options on the menu: basically pasta with a couple different kinds of sauces. Others went for the crab cioppino (absolutely the right choice) and about half us ordered the sand dabs. These highly acclaimed dabs didn't live up to my expectations: relatively dry and not especially flavorful. The other dish my hubs and I split, the linguini with seafood and red sauce, was far superior.
I'm visiting a friend in town and we stopped by Sotto Mare for a quick dinner. The staff and host were great, the service was efficient and friendly, and the ambience was lively and welcoming. Between the two of us, we shared a plate of oysters, the seafood linguine, and branzini house special with tomato caper sauce. Having recently been introduced to the world of oysters, I asked for a half plate of East coast oysters and a half plate of West coast oysters. The East coast oysters were amazing - smaller, but crisp and salty. The larger West coast oysters were a little rubbery, with a sweet and mineral taste. My friend shared some of her seafood linguine and I really enjoyed the freshness of the squid that was cooked just right. My branzini came filleted and a little over-salted for what I'm used to and prefer, but the fish itself was solid - not falling apart from being over-cooked and still retaining its natural flavor. The tomato caper sauce was amazingly flavorful, but luckily served on the side to prevent a completely overwhelming salt overload - again, personal preference. A fun, casual, solid restaurant that would probably be great for groups also but I wouldn't go out of my way to come back.
The Cioppino is damn good! Fresh, fresh seafood. We made early reservations for our party of 6 and were seated promptly. The restaurant is in North Beach and it is a small local place, but there is also seating downstairs. Service was good and we decided to eat "family style" and share our dishes.Mahi Mahi was very good.Seafood Pasta was delicious.Seafood Risotto was also extremely good. We loved the fact that all of the seafood was so fresh. Portions were generous and the cioppino is served complete with bibs.We're ready to return to try their mussel & clam steamers, the boston clam chowder and more of their wonderful cioppino :) :) :)And of course, soak in more of the North Beach scene.
The most amazing ciopinno period.
I was dissapointted once. That was when I biked all the way from the South Bay to San Francisco only to have the place be closed. The people who work here provide superb customer service. The food's awesome and plentiful. I recommend getting the wine with your meal. Not anything specific. Just a lot of wine.
Absolutely the best crab cioppino I've ever had! It's that simple.... huge amounts of seafood and broth is perfect. And I don't really give 5 stars as a rule because I think there's always something better no matter what and this place gets 5 stars. I haven't tasted anything close in So Cal yet.
The hostess was kinda rude, not gonna lie. It took about 5 minutes to get her attention or for her to realize I was standing there to put my name on the waiting list. Me having to yell out if I can put my name on the list while she walks away (yet again) isn't exactly how I envisioned the start of my dinner. (Maybe it's because I look like I'm 16, but seriously...) But she did offer us free wine tastings while we were waiting, so I guess that made the situation a little better.We ordered the cioppino to share between 4 people in addition to our entrees which was divine! Definitely a must have! Another must have is their oyster shooters!!Good luck trying to find parking here though.
This is a review on their service only - because it was SO BAD, we went elsewhere.Saturday night, 8:30. I get in line, waiting to catch the hostess' attention so she can put my name on the list. But no. She's too busy yelling at this guy for not being there when she called his name earlier. "You were not here because you were somewhere else getting DRUNKER." She repeats that a few times, turns to ME, and confronts: "Are YOU with him?" Um, no. When she's finally done with him, I start asking, politely - "Do you think you could put our name down...". She looks me in the eye and SCOLDS me - "No, WAIT. I can only do ONE thing at a time." At that point I simply walk out the front door and say to my friend on the phone (he's driving around looking for parking) - "We're NOT eating here. This woman is menopausal."Who do think think they ARE, the Soup Nazi?
Favorite Seafood and Italian restaurant in the city. It's the only place (so far) in North Beach i'm willing to brave the parking situation for. I cannot wait to take my friends and family to this place. I would recommend making reservations, as this place gets really packed. There is seating upstairs and downstairs for larger groups. We were a group of 5. The Cioppino and the clam chowder is a must try. I would suggest sharing the cioppino, as it's a hefty portion. But the seafood and the sauce is sooo incredible fresh in that wonderful bowl. I am excited to go back again and try their Risotto, as I've heard great things about that as well. Service and food delivery is quick and prompt. No complaints.
I can't believe I forgot to review this place. We went there in mid-May during our San Francisco vacation.This restaurant is crowded, noisy, but has the best damn Cioppino we could ever imagine! Granted, we are not Cioppino experts, but we certainly know what fresh seafood should taste like, and this was definitely IT! The broth was amazing, and even better sopped up with the wonderful, crusty sourdough bread! It was plenty for the two of us to share.We started with some amazing pacific oysters (haven't had a bad oyster in San Francisco yet) and they were perfect. This place is small, family run, and fun (as long as you don't mind the noise).Sitting at the bar was comfy and fun - we got to watch the oysters being shucked and the crabs being cracked!We highly recommend this place!
The danger of having high expectations is a higher probability of disappointment. Yelp, you have ruined it for me this time. The clam chowder did not make me want to slap my mama. It was good, but not great - I think they overdid the celery to soup ratio, definitely too much celery.  In retrospect, I would have passed on the chowder. The sand dabs, that I ordered because of the numerous mentions here on Yelp, were bland and too oily for my tastes.  I couldn't even eat them.The risotto was the best of what our party ordered, only barely beating out the salmon pasta. I wouldn't mind having those two entrees again, but I would not get the sand dabs or the scallops the next time around. The oyster shooter was okay, I probably should have just gotten oysters instead - lesson learned.  The seating was disorganized. The decor is disorganized (from the stairs there are three RESTROOM signs, two of which are on doors that lead to the kitchen and to the upper level dining area -- WHAT THE?).  I'll forgive them for the unnecessary wait, because they gave us free wine while we stood huddled together by the front door like cattle. They definitely have room to improve all around though. O
The cioppino was delish! My husband and I shared it- plenty for both of us. Highly recommended
Delicioso!! Everything on their menu is delicious... I come here time and time again for the risotto.. Best I ever had! Although the risotto i what brings me in, I definitely also love their cioppino, oysters, and clam chowder. The food just has so much flavor. I also love the homey feel to this place. If you decide to eat it, try to beat the dinner crowd, as the wait can get pretty long (but don't worry, it's worth it!) Such a great little spot with amazing food!
A gem of a restaurant in the Italian district of San Francisco. The Sotto Mare is alive with people enjoying themselves. Be prepared to wear a bib to enjoy something from a large variety of shellfish on the menu. I had the Salmon Alfredo which was more than I could eat for a very reasonable price. Be aware, this place is good and it fills to capacity very quickly. Go early or on the weekdays to get the best seats.
Night one in San Fran. We have had a rough day of sight seeing. I looked at my bookmarks and this place looked pretty close to the Alcatraz ferry dock so we decided to make the trek. Note: SF hills make short walks an intense workout. This place was worth the uphill walk. We split the cioppino for two and were stuffed. That says a lot because we tend to eat much more than most people. The sauce was perfect and the seafood was super fresh. We are from Boston and have fresh seafood at our finger tips and the seafood at Sotto Mare lived up to the hype. Lastly, having both grown up in Italian households we are Italian food snobs and we loved our experience here. If we ever come back to San Fran we will be back.
I love this place!it is small and cozy,family-owned.And food is amazing. I specifically found it to try their cioppino. It didnt have much broth, but it has tons of seafood.It is more than enough to share for two people. However, we also tried side of pesto pasta and everything was delicious.Sotto Mare's priority is the seafood and they know what they are doing!Highly recommended
Excellent food! Ciopinno enough for two. A little on the sweet side, great portions and variety of seafood. Risotto was my favorite. Cooked perfectly with a generous mix of shellfish. Raw oysters were very good. West coast was my favorite because they were larger and sweeter than the east coast. Prices may seem high for tourists, but very reasonable for San Francisco standards. Including tip, meal was $105 for 4 people.Food: 4.5/5 - excellent seafood dishes, no vegetarian dishes...duh!Service: 4/5 - staff stopped by often, but never refilled our water.Location: 2/5 - very hard place to find, tiny place, bad for 4+ parties.Parking: 1/5 - street parking, it's North Beach, what do you expectPrice: 4/5Highly recommend this seafood restaurant! Definitely a hole in the wall that you would never stumble upon on your own.Make reservations or go before 6pm. This place fills up fast.
Came in on a whim and boy it was the best move we made all day! Clam chowder is awesome and the service is great
One of the best cioppino's I've had ever! Came here on a Saturday night around 6:30p and they were packed. We were prepared to wait as indicated by other reviews. I had a hankering for great seafood and was not disappointed. The hostess/owner handed us a lobster shaped pager and sent us down the street for a drink. About 45 mins later, the pager buzzed and we were promptly seated at the bar upon arrival back to the restaurant. I loved sitting at the bar as you can see the line cooks preparing the food. Needless to say, I enjoyed the show as much as I enjoyed the food. We order the crab salad. The crab was fresh and very meaty. It sat on top of a bed of lettuce which was probably unnecessary. It was overwhelming, but the crab was fresh. The star of the show is the 2 person cioppino. If you have not tried this and have been to this restaurant, then you are MISSING OUT! The chioppino had fresh mussles, clams, lobster, crab, shrimp, and squid. It was ALL very tasty. The broth it came it was very flavorful. We were stuffed by the end, but didn't want to waste a single drop! The girl next to us ordered the scallop entree and I've never seen a restaurant give so many scallops in one order! There was 9 large scallops in her order and I think she ate about 1/2. I highly recommend this place regardless of the wait. You just come prepared and head next door for a before dinner drink.
I was disappointed.My friend and I came on a weeknight and the wait was not too bad. We were seated at the bar seating in front of the open kitchen - it was hot...too hot. We ordered a cup of clam chowder to start and it was good, but it's definitely not like Boston's. It's not as creamy. My friend got some oysters too and he liked it. We ordered the seafood risotto and sand dabs for entrees. It took forever for it to come out - more than 45 minutes! Both entrees were just A-OK. The sand dabs were lightly battered and pan fried. But it was bland, i think anyone can make it at home. The risotto was not as creamy as I would like.
Cioppino is Sotto Mare's most popular dish and it is delicious! A generous amount of seafood. Dip a slice of baguette in that big bowl of rich, flavorful tomato broth. It's mouthwatering. My favorite was the mussel/clam steamers in plain butter broth. The shellfish were well-cooked and tender. The broth had a perfectly thin, soupy consistency and very rich in flavor!
My BF and I dined at this unassuming joint on Sat. 6/7/14 (Belmont day!) at the recommendation of a couple that we'd visited with the day before. We arrived early and were able to get a tiny table next to the bar. I had the linguini with clams - piping hot, rich and sinfully good! My BF had a simple spaghetti (with no seafood) - he said it was the best marinara he'd ever had! Service was on point, with several wait staff checking on us throughout the meal. If you're looking for tremendous ambiance, this isn't the place, but if you're in the mood for a satisfying, old school, generous serving of yumminess... head on over to one of my new fave spots in SF, Sotto Mare!
This place is a mix of Buca di peppo and a fancy italian restaurant.The portions were generous, the atmosphere lively and festive, lots of random memorabilia on the walls. There's downstairs seating for groups that offer a lil more leg room and quiet and their servers are good at checking in once in awhile.Definitely want to come back here and try their famous Cioppino
Comfort food seafood in an old-fashioned San Francisco environment. Yummy. Loved my snapper in garlic and olive oil and my wedge salad was PERFECT. Sat at the bar and felt the love.
My introduction to cioppino here was perfect. My dinner date recommended it as an SF special. Having lived in the city for nearly five years without experiencing the cioppino, I agreed. It was excellent. The penne is apparently not the usual, but it in no way detracted from the deliciousness of the dish, and there was so much of it! Our waitress was awesome, too -- she took time to chat to us, but was also so efficient -- the sign of a competent and professional restaurant. We promised her we'd be back -- my date and I both agreed that the scallops looked amazing. And the sole. And the halibut. And the sand dab ... :)
Holy smokes...I, like Mariko, had never heard of Cioppino until I searched for this place when trying to find a restaurant that I could meet an old friend from high school at. Sotto Mare definitely made the experience that much better. Now, I'll say this - I didn't order much - just an order of Cioppino, my friend had the scallops, and we split a bottle of Chianti. No regrets - the mussels, scallops, calamari, and crab made it awesome. I honestly wanted to tilt the vessel back and just drink the sauce when we were done. But alas, I was too full and no amount of bread was going to avoid gaining 5 pounds while eating all of the sauce. Next time...The scallops were good too - and plentiful isn't even a word to describe it. The only thing I would say that kept it from getting five stars was the apparently disorganized manner in which the hostess sat you - I had two people, despite me standing in what was the line, jump ahead of me and put their names on the list ahead of me. I wanted to strangle people and when I finally grew tired of it and acted like the locals (when in Rome, right?), then I was created with a stink eye before she finally relented. Keep in mind, this was over the course of 15 minutes from arrival and standing in the door.Advice: be aggressive to get ahead and make sure you get your name on the list as soon as you get there. The little lobster "beepers" will work around the block so go grab a drink after.
I like this place. Heard that it is changing owners soon, so stopped by to try their famed cioppino (which has been on my bucket list for while). i'd heard the wait can be long and they don't take reservations for two, so I headed up early for a 7:00 dinner time. The host was very friendly. I put my name down, and he told me it would be a 20-30 minute wait, which was perfect timing. I was surprised when, five minutes later, he called my name. The other person hadn't arrived yet, and I told the host it would probably be another 10 minutes. So he kept my name at the top of the list, which was nice because about 10 minutes to 7:00, the place really started to get swamped. The other guy arrived just in time, and we got a seat at their bar. We started with the Bentia's Baccala, which was described to us as pieces of salt cod, with potatoes, in a tomato sauce to put on the bread. It was amazing. Of course, we ordered the cioppino, which, as reputed, is huge. It comes piping hot in a large tureen and is packed with seafood and pasta, which is a nice touch. The crab in the cioppino is really, really good. I love crab, but eating it can be a pain. The way they cooked the crab here, you didn't even need a claw cracker... the shell was so soft you could just pull it apart with your hands, and the meat stayed surprisingly in tact rather than shredding into little pieces. While it wasn't the best damn cioppino I've ever had, it was certainly delicious, but had a very distinct taste of butter in the broth. also, they leave a roll of paper towels instead of cloth napkins; these were really thin and we were burning through them while eating the cioppino. The bread was also unremarkable. Overall, however, it was a satisfying dining experience.
LOVE the service here!! The staff are amazing!! They catered to all your needs. The food is awesome! Love the seafood cioppino! THe sauce is amazing for dipping afterwards with bread! The mussels are great as well :) Will definitely come back!
The food was great. Our waitress was really sweet too. I would have rated higher had the rest of the service staff been better.My mom, sister and husband all ordered dinner's that required shells to be discarded. Before they finished their meals the bussers removed the discard plates and never bothered to bring back any new ones. I finished my soup and had my family use my used bowl to pile the discarded shells that were crowding their plates.There was also a cook working the line that was eating while prepping food. That's a health code violation. Finally several staff were near the end of the restaurant were chit chatting in Spanish. While some people may not understand what they were saying, my mother and I did. They were using very crass language and discussing getting wasted on tequila which really sealed the deal for my mom. She was not amused with the loud conversation going on behind her back ruining her meal experience.While I would love to come back for another meal, I doubt my mother would. The service definitely overshadows the food in this establishment.xanaxjunkee.blogspot.com
Free wine while you wait?? Yes please! Though we waited a while, even on a Tuesday night, the service was excellent, the staff friendly and accommodating and the food was delicious! My wife and I shared the Seafood Risotto and a salad. The risotto was LOADED with all kinds of seafood. No skimping at all and cooked to perfection. Even after sharing we were both stuffed. You know it's a good sign when there's a wait on a Tuesday night. They take reservations for parties of three or more. I recommend you make reservations if you can as the place is small and the wait can be long. We will definitely be returning.
MEHHHHHH.- service was poor, inattentive, rushedDon't order any salads here. I got a shrimp salad - it was basically romaine lettuce with a bunch of little shrimps that you usually eat with cocktail sauce. It very unappetizing.I also think the cioppino at Tadich Grill is better.
Cioppino! Nuff said. The broth is so flavorful, and it has so much seafood! Seriously...theres maybe half of a dungeness crab. My sister and I finished the entire bowl to ourselves. My mom shared on with my grandparents, who also had the clam chowder. My dad tried the seafood linguine, which he devoured before anyone could have a taste. We also had 2 dozen oysters and a prawn cocktail as an appetizer. Everything was delicious and fresh tasting. We made reservations the day before for a party of 8 for a friday night. Glad we did because the place was so crowded at dinner time. Our waitress was just lovely, very personable and attentive. My mouth waters just thinking of this place.
cioppino cioppino cioppino cioppino.... yes it's that good!!! Came here for dinner with my father and we split the cioppino. Loved the small bay scallops in there (and I don't usually like scallops) the crab was succulent the crusty bread for dipping-phenomenal!Here is the greatest part.... me and my dad were waiting for our table and the owner just said "hey here's a glass of red wine". WHY THANK YOU! That sure won be over.
Sotto Mare lives up to the hype. The cioppino is freakin' amazing and is loaded with fresh seafood (crab, shrimp, scallop, squid, clams, mussels). There is pasta in the cioppino as well but I preferred to dip the bread in the sauce instead. I wish I had eaten it slowly but instead my boyfriend and I devoured the entire bowl because it was just that good. I am definitely coming back. I hope to try other items on the menu but it will be difficult to stray away from the cioppino. If you do not want to wait, I suggest coming early around 6pm. We arrived around that time and there was no line with about half the tables filled inside the restaurant.
Amazing seafood! Had the West Coast Oysters (5 stars), Chioppino (5 stars), and Red Snapper (4.5 Stars). The staff was friendly and the food was fresh and plentiful -- we had to be rolled out the front door. I will definitely be back for date night or with my coworkers after work.
Can I give this place 6 stars?I've taken every out-of-town guest over the past 2 years here to show them the seafood that an SF boat can catch! The only place in the Bay Area with seafood as fresh is the Tamales Bay oyster farm itself. (Hog Island Oyster Co in the Ferry Building is also delightful.)What I recommend:Seafood linguineHoly moly, can pasta really taste like this? Life-altering. And a very pretty salmon color.Steamed musselsHuge. Fresh. And the BROTH.Clam chowderYum. I prefer Hog Island's because it's lighter (and still has the bacon) but this really hits the spot when you're starving!I've also gotten the crab cioppino (what this place is known for) and blue cheese wedge salad with crab, but I guess I'm just not a cioppino/salad person.This place is pricey - it is seafood, after all - but super casual and always worth it. Go in the mid-afternoon to avoid crowds.
I have been here three times now and I always tell myself that I will order something besides the Cioppino for my main dish, but it never works out that way. It is delicious! Best I have had in a restaurant and large enough to feed two people. The upstairs is small and crowded but the downstairs is much quieter. I think larger groups get seated downstairs.Other Menu Highlights:Baccala - I had never had this before but it is awesomeOysters - Not fantastic oysters last time I went but good enough and only $1.50 eachGrilled Sand DabsLinguine with Seafood of chef's choice*Note - $10 corkage fee if you bring your own bottle!
I am not quit sure what all the hype is about. If my review was based on ambiance alone it would be 5 stars, this place looks like a old dive bar. But since the review is the entire experience, I must say I can only give 3 stars.  The start of the evening was great! My husband and I had made reservations a couple of weeks prior for four. The hostess and waitress started off wonderful and knowledgeable. The crab and oysters where excellent. That is where it goes down hill. We ordered the following, with the following results.Grilled Sand Dabs - Dry and no flavorCioppino - Extremely sweet and salty (this dish is yelped as the best in SF)Seafood Risotto - Again extremely salty and very blandSo to say the least the food was not amazing. As if this disappointment wasn't enough, that was about the time the wonderful waitress turned not very nice at all. We had made a 6:30 dinner reservation and the time was 7:30, she immediately started to rush us. I understand turning tables in a timely manor, but I also think a hour and a half should be expected for a table of four ordering 4 courses (oysters twice because they where pretty good). With that said at 65 minutes she actually said "We need to wrap this up, my manager gets upset if I don't move my tables" as she brings us the check. Which was also the same time that she said "We only split checks twice and we don't take American Express". Since we pretty much use American Express for everything this information would have been nice printed on the menu or told to us at the beginning of the night. I guess all in all I was expecting a little something more for a establishment that has four and a half stars with over a 1000 reviews. Not to mention the $450.00 check.By this point we pretty much chugged the rest of our bottle of Prosecco and called it a night.
The cioppino. Omg. Just do it.It's enough to share, and I strongly advise wearing those silly paper bibs they provide.The clam chowder was good too :) But the cioppino is a must-try. That is all.
I can't compare it to any other restaurants in Little Italy in SF but I will go with what my cousin says, "THE BEST CIOPPINO" in town. I had no idea what cioppino was but when it came out, I was glad to have agreed to eat here while I was visiting.I had my heart set on going to the fisherman's wharf for the tourist bread bowl clam chowder but my cousin asked to meet here.We ordered the fish as well and both dishes were delicious.I loved the huge broccolis that came with the fish. It was light, cooked properly, perfectly seasoned and just enough food for the 3 of us including the ciopinno.The ciopinno was delicious. It had penne pasta, plenty of seafood ranging from clams, mussils, squid, scallops and shrimp. The broth was refreshing and even better after the table bread was soaked in it.I had 2 bowls, 1 more than both my bf and cousin. Yes, I'm a fatty.
I came to Sotto Mare to try its famous Cioppino(famous SF dish that according to anecdote dates back to the old Italian-American fishermen, who would "chip in" a bit of their daily catch into a thick and hearty tomato stew for their meal after work) and boy it did not disappoint. The food was fantastic, the oysters fresh(according to my friend) and the chowder good. Since I only I had the cioppino, I can only comment on that dish. The Cioppino had a such a wide variety of seafood, sure it was expensive at 38 bucks, but I found it worth it. You'll find: clams, mussels, squid, crab, fish, scallops, two types of shrimp, and pasta. It's not too much, but it's a good amount of food. You'll definitely eat up and make sure you savor that broth, it's worth every sip. The service is nice and the ambiance special.(I really like homey places that are a bit different and unique from other restaurants - Sotto Mare definitely fits the bill.)Honestly, I think it's a 4.5 star, but since I have to choose, I would give it a 4. Give Sotto Mare a look, it's definitely on my list of places to visit.
Absolutely loved this place when I visited a while ago and remember it fondly. My boyfriend and I shared "The Best Damn Crab Cioppino" and it was stellar. They have you wear bibs which is great - I totally needed it. The bread is baked on the spot and is continuously refilled for you to dip into your Cioppino. Highly recommend this restaurant, one of my favorite meals when I was out in the Bay Area - and there was some serious competition.Be sure to check them out!!
This place is so great! The customer service is right on point and the food is marvelous. I ordered a fettucuini pasta with smoked salmon and prawns. My table also ordered the cioppino. The pasta was very lightly sauced and the seafood tasted very fresh. Th cioppino was very well cooked. The all you can eat bread allowed me to dip the left over cioppino soup which was so delicious! I will be definitely revisiting! Yum.
If you don't have a dinner reservation on Saturday, don't bother going. There's an epic line of diners waiting to try the famous crab cioppino. After 30mins of circling blocks trying to find parking, then hiking hill after hill (who's the genius that decided to build this city on top of so many effin hills??), I was hungry and cranky. Must say I wasn't impressed by the look of this restaurant, tiny entrance with crowded tables, you must walk in a single file line to get through. Down there stairs there are more dining area for bigger parties, but still, if you have claustrophobia...The cioppino didn't disappoint, fresh, full of flavor, piping hot. Probably the best cooked seafood I've ever had. The best part is that the crab legs were all well pre-cracked so that it comes apart super easy, I hate working at my food! Our whole party (of 7) ordered nothing but cioppino, I also got some oysters that weren't exceedingly impressive. That yummy broth, I can still taste it... was so good to dip the bread in, we kept asking for more bread. One order is definitely enough to share between 2 people, 1 person was brave (or greedy) enough to order one on his own, I think he was sweating seafood by the end of the night!
I'm in total love with this place. I've been here twice (mainly because the place is so busy or I'd go more often), and both times the food & service were excellent. It really is one of the best seafood restaurants in the City! The cioppino is a MUST here. My husband and I both think it's like crack....you can't stop eating it, even after your full. It's ridiculous. We've also had oysters & calamari, both delicious.The last time we waiting, the host gave us wine while we waited. Every time, everyone has been super friendly. Love this place!!
Have been here 3 times and food was top notch every time!!! We had petrale sole and was absolute perfection!!
Sotto Mare is a small, noisy, intimate place with a neighborhood "good vibe" feel. It is also inexpensive for the area. The day we were there the signature sand dabs were not available. In fact, the fish selection was limited to salmon and several options in the sole family. There are a few pastas and cioppino, but the menu is really a bit too limited. Our dishes, however, were well prepared and tasty, and with the low prices, it turned out to be a plus dinner -- partly thanks to the complementary wine which we were given because we had to wait three minutes for a table.Interestingly, they have discontinued desserts because the owner feels they are unhealthy. The pizza place next door has a good selection, however. Go figure.
Came here for dinner last night and it was really delicious.We walked in and the place was packed.But the sweet owner/hostess found us a spot in the back . our very own little table to. Lots of seafood related/ older SF historical decor, loved it .. The tables have tons of random condiments like hot sauce and olive oil... We had the Crab Cioppino.. and the oysters , and also the Fettucini with Alfredo Sauce (they let you pick whatever sauce you want on the noodles) wowzers everything was fresh and tasty...the noodles were so fresh and tasted home made..the cioppino tasted very fresh and it wasnt super acidic at all like some can be... I would definantly come back here ! new favorite spot
Another amazing meal! The hostess is delightful and friendly, so don't listen to the other reviews. However, if you don't have a reservation expect a wait on weekend nights...a looooooong wait. D yourself a favor and make a reservation. The food is simply wonderful. Don't even consider getting anything other than the cioppino or the sand dabs. Actually, do yourself a favor and get one of each and split it with your dinner companion. The cioppino is the best I have ever had and is brimming with perfectly cooked seafood. The sand dabs are simply pan cooked, but the taste is heavenly. They do not have dessert, but there are no shortage of great Italian bakeries in North Beach.So, if you are heading to SF, you really owe it to yourself to eat here.
No frills place but the food is absolutely amazing. Get the crab cioppino for two - it's absolutely incredible.
BEST CIOPPINO EVER!My parents came to the city to take me out for a belated birthday dinner, so I figured it was the perfect time to satiate my seafood cravings. A quick search of Yelp brought me here and boy am I glad I tried it!Ambiance: Walking in, the dining room is narrow, but they actually have a large dining space downstairs... True it's a little confining and isolated, but you're here to eat the food and enjoy the company of those you came with, so it's all good!Service: Our waitress was a nice woman with a great sense of humor and a warm demeanor. She told us about their specialties, made sure our water glasses never went empty, and ensured we had enough bread to soak up the delicious sauces from our entrees.Food: The cioppino is enough to share between two (we even had leftovers). They give you lobster bibs, which is helpful since you do have to crack the crab yourself. The tomato broth is perfectly seasoned, there's seafood aplenty, and although I've never had cioppino with penne pasta (or any pasta), there was a fair amount without being a filler that overpowered the seafood. Rest assured, I soaked up every bit of broth with the bread.I also had a bite of my dad's scallops which were pretty tasty. For some reason, I'm not a fan of scallops (something to do with a weird taste I get from them), but the sauce was amazing! My sister's sandabs were also quite tasty. Before our entrees, my dad and my sister had some of the clam chowder, which I tried. It was pretty good, also. The bread they give you for the table is room temperature and definitely nothing special, but that doesn't matter because the bread is merely a vessel for the delectable sauces!Price: Definitely reasonably priced for fresh seafood!Would I return? Heck yes. This place is going on my favorites list for places to eat in SF. Too bad I don't live in North Beach, otherwise I would be here more often!NOTE: This can be good or bad, but they don't serve dessert here. They do point you in the direction of places that do serve dessert, but for health reasons, they opt not to serve such sugary goodness.
Their Cioppino is very good.
I stayed at the Grand Hyatt this past Labor Day weekend, and was on a mission to find some good seafood restaurants within walking distance of my hotel. I really didn't need to do all that much searching because Sotto Mare clearly had 5-star reviews galore. Immediately, I called them to make a reservation (for one). Now this was on a Saturday afternoon (around 1 p.m.)Me: Hi, I'd like to see if I can make a --Lady: [Interrupting] We're booked. We're booked. Are you calling for a reservation? Because we're booked tonight.Me: Uhm, I'm actually calling to see if you guys have space earlier. Around 4 p.m. Lady: How many?Me: Just one.Lady: Yeah sure come on in. Not the nicest way to talk to a potential customer but hey, I'll take what I can get. The lady was DEFINITELY a little rough around the edges.I walked through Chinatown to get to their restaurant, and the journey was actually a tad bit more enjoyable than the food, sorry to say. Here's why:Service: When I first got there, I must have stood at the start of the line for a good five minutes before anyone even looked at me. Then the lady, who I recognized (by her voice) had answered the phone earlier, led me to the counter since I was a party of one. I didn't mind; I was excited to try the food ... they could've sat me in front of the kitchen sink for all I cared!There were many waitresses so my attention was a tad scattered. I didn't know who I had to order what from, and it took me a decent minute or two to flag someone down to get some water. The silverware and cup were a tad dirty. I think they must be pretty damn proud of their food to disregard service as much as they do here. (But, to their credit, that phone lady did drop by once to ask if everything was going okay.)What I ordered:Oyster on a half shell: Meh, not the best I've had as it didn't taste *FRESH* enough but it was fine.Clam chowder in a cup: I LOVE clam chowder and was really hoping this was good because I hadn't had a cup or a bowl in YEARSSSS but unfortunately, it was a bit too runny for me. I wanted something thick and hearty but what I got was light and choppy. I think if I poured out a Campbell's soup from the can, it would've been chunkier than the *chowder* I got here. DISAPPOINTED.I wanted to get the cioppino but I didn't want to look like a fat cow eating it by myself so I guess I'll have to reserve that for another time with a dining companion the next time I go up. I ordered a seafood linguine with tomato sauce (as you can see in the picture), and it was pretty delicious. This is part of the reason why I gave it 4 stars instead of giving it 3 stars. Although I'm not really a fan of pasta, I appreciated the texture of the pasta (although it's not an Italian restaurant, really), and the LOADS of seafood they put in the dish. I did, however, almost chip a tooth because I bit into a shell that had broken off. Ugh.I had so much pasta left over, I took the rest of it back to my hotel. I was stuffed, to say the least, but not in a super happy way where I just want to go back to my hotel and drift off to sleep. I really should've risked looking like a lone cow and ordered the cioppino. *punching myself in the face for the stupid mistake*Would I try this place again? Sure. I'd come back to try the cioppino everyone keeps raving about. But would I order the clam chowder again? No. Would I order the oyster again? No. Would I expect decent service? No. Would I get the seafood linguine? Probably but I don't think I'd be able to eat that after eating the cioppino. :P Overall, this restaurant was a slight disappointment as I expected more. Had the clam chowder been better, I would've overlooked the service and would've just given them a 5-star rating. Oh well. Maybe next time!
1. Get a big pot of their finger licking cioppino for two and order of oysters and clams.2. Parking stinks...but I'll would gladly walk long and far for their food.3. No wait in the afternoons when I go.4. They serve butter and bread. Dip the bread in the soup. SOO good.5. Service is slow and sometimes I just stare at my pot of soup by the kitchen and hope one of the waiters would go by and get it for me! 6. You'll leave super full and satisfied!
We were very excited to take our friends to Sotto Mare on Saturday!! Surprising, but they took reservation for party of four!! very nice considering that they have such a tiny restaurant and they usually have a long wait!!We arrived promptly at 6:30 and our table was waiting for us :) The restaurant was full but there wasn't a line. We did notice that the wait was not as long as when we were there the first time.We ordered the seafood linguini in pink sauce and cioppino. Our friends got the seafood linguini in pink sauce and the sauteed scallops entree!!I kinda felt that I had my head on the chopping block since I made my friend to drive all the way from the south bay to SF and experienced the parking nightmare in the North Beach area!! But WOW!!! The food certainly didn't disappoint!! We all loooveeeddd them!!!!My friends were extremely impressed by the flavor of his scallop entrees. I had a bite..it was delicious!! The scallop was perfectly cooked in garlic, parsley and butter and I think there was a hint of wine :) It melted in my mouth and was not fishy and overcooked! My friend licked his plate clean, literally!!! We were again impressed with the generous serving of the seafood!! Our seafood linguini was packed with mussels, clams, shrimp and calamari. What a deal for $17/plate!!! My friends even said.. "this is usually at least $25 in other places!!" The cioppino was also packed with seafood, but we added tabasco to enhance the flavor.The reason I ding one star was that my pink sauce was tastier the first time. They didn't put enough cream sauce this time that the sauce was a bit more on the "tomato sauce" and not "pink enough." Also, the crab in my cioppino was overcooked, the meat shrunk.All in all, Sotto Mare is certainly a place that I will still brag about for some Italian seafood feast!!
Went here with my wife around 3 o'clock on a Wednesday because we have this baby and she likes to laugh and shriek and act like a crazy. We don't want to be "those parents," so going at odd times saves us from getting stared at. Even at that time there were quite a few patrons in Sotto so I assume this place gets pretty busy. Anyhow, you come here for the cioppino, or as I had been pronouncing it "pioccino." It doesn't disappoint in the least. Chalked full of tasty seafood bits and chunks, this dish certainly is enough for two. Next time I'll probably order it without the penne pasta, it doesn't really add anything and I'd rather soak up that delicious shellfish infused tomato sauce with the bread they serve.Back to us having this crazy baby: The staff was very accommodating and playful with our little one. We went here because the search criteria says it's good for kids and it definitely is that.
We had lunch here while in San Francisco for a vacation based on a friend's recommendation. It is a small restaurant that has a cozy neighborhood feel to it and I got the impression that it is the kind of place locals go. A big plus as we try to avoid touristy places. We skipped on apps and salads as we had a late lunch and had dinner reservations later that evening, which was a great idea as the entrees were really big. I had the Chef's Choice Seafood Risotto and it was one of the best risottos I have ever had. All the seafood was fresh and the risotto was cooked perfectly. There was a nice balance of shrimp, mussels, clams, and scallops. My wife ordered the mussels and they were really good too. There was no grit to the mussel and the broth was amazing. We were both really happy with what we ordered, but as we looked around the restaurant it seemed everyone was ordering either the Crab Cioppino or the Grilled Sand Dabs Fillets. Both looked amazing and I will have to try them next time I am in San Francisco. The beer and wine lists are nothing spectacular, but they are more the sufficient. The service was fine too, and we got to sit at the bar and watch the cooks in action. I'm giving this place 5 stars as the food was excellent and would be what I expected a fine dining restaurant and not at a casual neighborhood eatery. I highly recommend checking this place out.
This place is the real deal. I discovered on Yelp while looking for an affordable but romantic spot for us to dine at on our last night in SF. I suppose there are "classier" joints but this working class, authentic European restaurant is exactly our style. No table cloths, no candles, no officious waiters (they kind of go the opposite direction, which is the only reason I gave four stars instead of five). We waited for the bar to open up and they gave us a glass of wine while we waited. We ordered oysters on the half shell, the half crab (plenty, glad I did not order the full crab), and special which was grilled salmon. Everything but the bread was good. The service was a bit slow but when we told them they apologized profusely and checked in with us regularly after that. Way more memorable than the other pricey, blah meals we have had in the past in North Beach. Just go!!!
Great atmosphere and great food. I am a fan of the Linguine With Manila Clams and the Cioppino. Go there for an awesome time!
Amazing seafood! This place is old school North Beach, and what I love about San Francisco. Italian style eatery, close-in with your neighbors, solid food and from a simple menu and perfect service. We had the cioppino, and a few pasta dishes with seafood - they were amazing. The waitress showed us a few dishes as they went by, which helped us make our decision. Make sure you make a reservation, because space is limited, but make sure to check this place out as it will soon become a favorite.
Self proclaimed BEST DAMN CIOPPINOThe owner/host is pretty famous for being curt, witty, and grumpy. After watching him through dinner, I think it's all a ruse and he's actually just a harmless old man.Sand dab fillets were small and well cooked. Good for sharing!The clam steamers was also a good portion for sharing. You can tell the clams are good quality. But, the salt monster really attacked this dish!The cioppino is a really hearty dish and comes with a good variety of different shellfish. Although I'm not yet ready to proclaim it to be the best cioppino ever, we did end up finishing it to the very last drop.
This is the kind of place where I suggest taking another person so you can sample. I was alone, so I had to pick and entree and commit to it. That was really difficult since everything looked so good. I'd never heard of Sanddabs (they aren't local to the southeast) so I decided to be adventurous and try them. They are lightly flavored white fish, and this place fries them and serves to be served with sauteed veggies. I really enjoyed them, but I enjoyed sitting at the counter right in front of the kitchen more. I love being by the action! Anyway, This place is really busy, so I would suggest a reservation or patience if you just want to pop in. It's main floor is a narrow, shotgun room. And the door barely has a place to stand and white. You basically have to huddle outside and wait for your name to be called. I wish I could have eaten at this place twice to try more of the food before I left San Francisco, but there is always next time.
I was told this was the 'best seafood in the city...'I was told right.Fish was fresh and the flavor was great. The service was also very good and the please really had the mom and pop feeling.
You get bibs to eat "the best damn cioppino" in the city, and it really is an amazing meal! Tons of seafood and tasty sauce, plus all the bread you need to soak it all up. I had been warned by a friend about a possible looooong wait to be seated, but we were lucky enough to arrive a few minutes before it got crowded and were seated right away. Only downside is the size of the place; our tiny table for two was against the wall with little space for people to pass through and kept being nudge by passersby which was annoying. But food was excellent and would definitely go back for more cioppino.
With over 1,000 good Yelp reviews, we had to try this place! We went early to avoid the crowds on a Friday night and walked right in. I was surprised that the place wasn't fancier than a cafeteria-style diner, but it smelled fantastic. We were seated at the counter and were served quickly. We watched our food being made, and it was absolutely amazing! Our waitress suggested we not order the same dish, and she was absolutely right! I had the clam chowder, which was thick and delicious. it was loaded with tender clams. Then I had the prawn and scallops in lemon/garlic sauce. They were HUGE, and fresh. Even the side vegetables were fantastic!John ordered the risotto, which had loads of fresh seafood, including squid, and he could not finish it! Be prepared to EAT!BTW, Hubbie says the beer selection on tap was great, in spite of the fact that there was only 6 available (more bottled available).
Sorry, Sotto Mare. Onto the next bowl...What desert were 5 star reviewers trapped in? All I have to say is all of these reviewers either live far from the ocean, or have yet to have a good bowl of cioppino. I was really looking forward to this restaurant, but Sotto Mare was nothing to write home about. Their cioppino tasted like it was concentrated with tomato paste, the seafood quality was average...and they threw in penne pasta??? It was a cheap filler that added no taste or pizazz. Ciao.
My particular friend Damian had returned to the neighborhood from London and so he kindly agreed to my desire to give Soto Mare a go. My desire was driven by a) it being crab season, b) Soto Mare being the focus of such Yelp! love and c) my particular love for and knowledge of the Marche region of Italy.We arrived and after some waiting finally got our name on the wait list in return for which the lovely owner offered a wee glass of the grape to hold us over until a table became available.Damian and I happily sat outside at a table whilst waiting for a table inside.The Cioppino was the recommended call and so we jumped in with both feet, bib on straight and didn't look back. Wow, what a reward!Did I mention that the owner and all wait staff were brilliant and came complete with a well-appreciated sense of humor.Yeah, I recommend Soto Mare and hope to see ya'll down there real soon.
Omg! This place is the new diggity bomb! definitely coming back here everymonth lol!! We got the seafood cioppino? (idk something like that) and it was THE SHIEEEET! It's so good, i just had to say the s*** word. Then the fish fillet (called sand something"), which was also so delicious! It was very tasty, yet feels very light and for the bonus, no bones!! Clam chowder was good, but i wouldn't go there for the chowder. The oysters were also good, says my friend. He said the east oysters were better than the west though!! Anyway, come before 7 and you should have a short line ahead. Come after 7:30, then good luck standing out in the cold, waiting...
Andy T. was Yelping a bunch of restaurants to choose from when some friends were visiting SF, and this was one of the front-runners. Yelp billed this place as "seafood" and "Italian" ... well, I don't like seafood, but I do like Italian. So I agreed... but unfortunately for me, the menu is more like, "Italian seafood" ... anything that was not straight-up seafood was some type of pasta with seafood in it. The only non-seafood options were a choice of simple penne, linguine, or fettuccine. Very disappointing. Though everyone else in my group seemed to thoroughly enjoy their prawns, scallops, clam chowder, and cioppino.Besides the menu, it was pretty awful that we had to wait 15 minutes in the packed entry-way before the hostess even spoke to us. Since we had a reservation, our table was already waiting for us. Considering how many other people were here trying to wait for a table, reservations are definitely a good idea here!The restaurant appeared really tiny, and we had six people in our group... I didn't know how we were gonna fit, until the hostess led us downstairs into their basement dining room. It was still pretty small downstairs, but better-suited for groups; it could probably seat ~two dozen people. The painted murals on the walls made the basement atmosphere not so bad, I suppose. The service was also very friendly.I really wish I liked it more, but they just didn't offer enough variety in their menu for me. Everyone else in my group was happy enough, though!Interesting note: they don't offer desserts. A laminated-note on the table had some explanation about the owner having diabetes, and had a few suggestions for nearby businesses that served desserts.
Yes - absolutely DELISH! It's a humble establishment -- they converted an old diner. We've been here a few times now, and the food has been consistently good. I would recommend:- Seafood Risotto: The broth used to simmer the risotto was nice and rich. But the best part is the ratio of seafood -- they dumped in a generous portion. There was nice mix of calamari, bits of salmon, shrimp, and scallops.- Seafood Pasta: Again, there was a plethora of seafood on the plate and the noodles were al-dente! It was perfect!As for the service, I have no complaints. The people were friendly and warm. If you haven't tried this place yet -- add it to your list of restaurants. You won't be disappointed.
Ode to the cioppino.Okay, so I've been a passive observer of Yelp for a few years now, but I've never felt so compelled to write a review until now. So why am I adding my two cents to what I consider to be the best cioppino I've ever encountered in my life and could quite possibly be the best dish I've ever had the pleasure of consuming? The cioppino literally had me in tears for the first time over food, not because the cioppino met my expectations, but because it exceeded it.When you walk in here you are greeted by the owner, a very passionate, very straight forward, very Italian man named Gigi. He didn't just welcome my girlfriend and I into his restaurant, he welcomed us into his home. First he showed off today's fresh selection of fish and gave us menus and a "dessert menu" that explained why Gigi didn't offer dessert, but had listed many neighborhood favorites for desserts, he asked us what we felt like eating as if he was going to sit down and eat right next to us. His candor immidiately made me feel like I was at someones home and not a cold and inanimate restaurant.As for the cioppino: fresh cracked dungeness crab, mussels, clams, squid, scallops, and penne noodles bathed in a rich broth of tomato, clam juice, and wine. It was absolute bliss. Now I've eaten at several places that have served cioppino before, ever since I was 15 when my Uncle used to serve this to me when he was head chef of The Original Clam house, now since retired for several years, but this cioppino that I had at Sotto Mare was something of a different breed. That first taste, gave me butterflies and I felt nostalgia that Anton Ego must have felt when he ate Ratatouille in that famous Pixar movie. I felt like I've been searching half my life to find such a dish that titillates my taste buds and just made me savor every moment of it. That's exactly what that dish did, and therefore my search for San Francisco's best cioppino, is finally over.
Made a reservation for 6 for dinner at 5 pm Wed before a Beach Blanket Babylon performance. After all our party arrived, we negotiated to sit at a table for 6 on the sidewalk under the awning; this was during the warm weather this week. Outside breezes were welcomed and provided a nice Green St street scene for our visitors from the UK.Service throughout was very good. Our server was attentive and had a very pleasant attitude. She patiently waited for the group to decide on drinks and dinner selections. During the meal our requests for bread and more ice water were quickly met.The Mussel/Clam Steamers combo had a tasty, thickened garlic and herb broth. Others had King Salmon and Halibut daily specials with a nicely flavored caper-tomato sauce. The iceberg wedge with blue cheese dressing had an ample amount of dressing, so you could verify what amount you wanted when ordering.We'll return to try the cioppino.
Well, didn't we just love this place :) We arrived without a reservation and the place was packed - we was told that there'd be an hour wait... but the guy standing next to us just winked and said "It's worth the wait!" So we wandered off to a nearby bar, came back just over an hour later and were seated pretty quickly downstairs. First up, we ordered a dozen oysters. Huge, fresh, delicious. The salsas were great too. We then ordered the Cioppino for two. Best. Decision. Ever. It was huge and it was messy (we got bibs), it was packed to bursting with prime fresh seafood - crab legs, calamari, prawns, mussels... everything! And the sauce was absolutely delicious. Tucking in was fabulous!I have no idea what the reviewer who said it tasted like it was made from tomato paste was going on about - we actually had cioppino the next night as well in a different establishment, and THAT tasted like a cheap pasta sauce. This one was the real deal - super fresh, just enough garlic to pack a punch and a great balance of flavors overall. One liberally splattered table, several plates of piled shells and two very happy tummies later, we grinned and toasted the wonderful food with our equally delicious Prosecco. Best meal out of the year so far!Our waitress was great fun - forthright, amusing and utterly charming! It was the busiest part of the evening, but she managed to get our orders to us in reasonable time, and made us feel absolutely welcome. Again, I didn't see any signs of poor service. The ambiance is casual and friendly - if you expect silver service, then this probably isn't the place for you. We were made welcome, got our food in reasonable time - and it was good! Definitely top of my return list when we come back to SF!
Exactly as described. Service was good, food came out hot, was seated right away. As for the food. EXCELLENT CIOPPINO, BOSTON CLAM CHOWDER & OYSTERS!!
What a disappointment. We waited 40 minutes for a table of 4 at 6:30 on Saturday night. No problem but food?????? Steamed mussels were half empty. We sent it back and response we got was 'the meat is in the broth'. Actually there was no meat in the broth. Their famous cioppino had penne pasta at the bottom to give impression of a full dish. It had 3 shrimps, 2 mussels, and 1 crab meat. It was served COLD and we paid $37 for this pathetic dish. We're never coming here again.
Small, crowded, uncomfortable, hot, manic- who cares. The seafood is terrific, the people are fun, everyone has a great time- what's not to like!We went on an evening of a 90 degree day in SF- it was a cool 80 on the street and a toasty 100 degree + inside. We were dripping uncomfortably throughout the meal but we still had a great time. Would have liked to enjoy my meal more but it was so damn hot that all I was looking forward to was getting out of that oven. Of course, this happens twice a decade in SF so not really an issue for everyone. Still, we had a great time and enjoyed everything from oyster shooters to bay shrimp cocktail to truly amazing cioppino to bay scallop fettucine. No coffee, no desert- they tell you "we want you to eat and get the hell out". Gigi is a kick and so are ALL the servers.Anyone who doesn't have a good time here is truly hopeless and full of themselves.A true San Francisco classic. Awesome in every way for a fun dinner out in The City!
CRAB CIOPPINO - This is all you need to know. The very enthusiastic owner (or the man I believe to be the owner) is very eccentric, much like the eclectic decor of the small restaurant, and is very proud of his cioppino. He boasts that it takes days to create the perfectly savory tomato broth from scratch and, to be honest, I can taste the difference. This cioppino is phenomenal. It's served in a large enough for sharing pot and topped to the brim with loads of fresh seafood -- cracked crab, juicy chunks of fish, bay shrimp, fresh mussels, tender calamari -- pretty much the entire ocean and some penne pasta (if you can find it). In addition to their fantastic cioppino, their clam chowder is also one of the best I have ever tasted. I never share my bowl... it's always ALL for me :) Whatever they do to that chowder, I say keep doing it because it's perfectly creamy, hearty, and studded with chunks of clams and potatoes. MMM and drool and MMM and drool... repeat til the bowl is licked clean. Once at the recommendation of the owner, I tried the grilled sand dabs and although they were good, I don't believe they were worth the $20 price tag. All in all, I like this place a lot. The service is quick and friendly, the atmosphere is very laid back and down to earth, the bathroom (at least the women's bathroom) is clean, the bread and butter are delicious (although nothing unique), and I always enjoy myself. I will be back for more...
4 for the best cioppino ever. I came across this place via Yelp. I was not crazy about the price of the cioppino but when we got there, some sort of soup was in order. It was cold out and the Mister and I were both a bit sick. The soup was so delicious. We met a tourist there who we shared some of the cioppino with because he was alone and he didn't want to order the cioppino because he was by himself. He was a food blogger, go figure. He too thought it was a great dish. The cioppino only comes in one size which feeds a minium of 2 people. The Mister and I are already planning on going back again. I think we ordered a pasta and a salad, those dishes were okay. The complimentary bread was stale and cold. But again, the cioppino will have me back there again.The owner was very nice and very Italian. The waitresses kept getting the orders to the wrong patrons and they weren't that attentative. I say the comment about the owner because he ran shop and spoke loudly to his employees from across the restaurant. If you want some place quiet and romantic, this is not the place. Want some good cioppino? Ding! Ding! Ding!
Best cioppino ever! So flavorful! This is a small restaurant with kind of a drab ambiance. They get busy so reservations are recommended. the last time i came here the bussers here were hillarious. I'm the type to finish everything on my plate before I let them take it, and there were these two bussers who didn't think that way. They'd come by every two minutes and try to take my plate as I beat them away with a crab leg or whatever tasty morsel of shell fish I was clinging on to at the moment. I'm not complaining and they were very nice...I just thought it was funny how dedicated they were.
"Carbo-loading" the day before the San Francisco Marathon.We decided to check out Sotto Mare. The reviews on yelp seemed good.We called ahead of time to see if we needed to make reservations. We were able to make reservations for a table 30 mins before we were to arrive. Although, they were a little rude on the phone. In person they were much nicer.I ordered the sand dabs.. and they were alright. The bread basket that came with it was okay. The pasta was aright. Most of the food here was just average.
This is my first ever Yelp review and Sotto Mare is the first restaurant I want to praise. My husband and I went to San Francisco for our delayed honeymoon - it was our first time travelling together and Sotto Mare was our first dinner spot. We didn't do much research at all, just decided to check it out due to the high Yelp ratings. A little sketched out I have to say - we weren't sure what we were in for.We got there at 7, was told to return at 8, so we explored Little Italy for a bit (another experience worthy of another thumbs up review) and went back at 7:45. We were greeted with a bit of wine for the wait. A super fun gesture. Waited around 20 mins more.Finally we got seated and ordered the Clam Chowder and the Cioppino. Uh, YUM. We sat on the "bar" and got real close to the people sitting next to us because the place was so tight and cramped (in a good way). Super loud atmosphere.. an incredible place to meet strangers. We chatted (more like shouted) away with an older gentleman who sat next to us who told us which spots were worth checking out. Long story short, he left.. and it was only after our meal that we found out he covered our bill. WHAT. Alright, so maybe that was what made the experience great. Hah. But no, really, digging into the Cioppino was crazy fun. There was so much flavour and so many kinds of clams and crabs and mussels in there. Instantly fell in love as a seafood lover. We walked back to our hotel giddy about how awesome it was. I recommend it. Go.
Quaint little family restaurant with great food. The staff was extremely friendly - while we waited for a table, the owner/hostess offered us a free glass of wine to help pass the time.We ordered the cioppino and were extremely impressed. The portion was huge and had great flavor. The seafood was also really fresh.I would definitely recommend this place to anyone visiting the Bay Area.
I have been here three times and every time, I've been happy. The fare is Italian seafood and pasta, simple but delicious. The one time we had to wait for a table, we were offered a complimentary glass of wine to enjoy while we waited. There is no shortage of staff and someone is always coming by to bring food, clear plates, ask if you need something, etc.It's my one go-to destination in North Beach. If you're in the area and just want a nice place to get a meal without having to be "seen" like out on Columbus Ave., come by, you won't be sorry.
Yup, that good. Forty five minutes wait, sit down on a tiny table in the almost as tiny restaurant, another 10 mins wait, and then... heaven's gates open up. Out-of-town cousin wanted to eat cioppino, she got the best damn cioppino. Richey and Laura treated us as if we have been coming there forever (it was only my second visit). Really, when you are here, you are family.
Took over 40 minutes between ordering and service of clam chowder bowl, while people seated after us completed their meals. Avoid sitting at the bar because you will be treated as pariahs. Their oyster shooters are also all clamato based. Not going to deny it though, the food was great when it finally came out. The hostess was somewhat flippant as well when we inquired on the status of our meal.
My moms favorite seafood joint in the city! and thats saying a lot (her boy friend did high end dinging sea food distribution) not to mention her impeccable taste. On to the food. I started with oysters, why not. For the price I think they surpass hog island, so fresh and relatively cheap for the quality. I had the chefs seafood pasta TO DIE FOR!!! It was creamy and delicious the seafood did not overpower the sauce that was on top of it vise versa awesome. More importantly I'm a stickler for perfect al dente pasta, they hit the nail on the head. I'm sure a lot has already been said about the Cioppino, the house specialty absolutely killer. Love the food, love the service, LOVE Sotto Mare!
This restaurant is over rated...I'm Italian, and I know about good Italian food. The service was very poor. It is very obvious they treat the locals better, and that's too bad because this place mostly serves to tourists. Too bad. Never again.
This place is out of control, even though we had to wait an hour outside, but was well worth the wait. Good Location in the heart of North Beach, parking could be challenging on the weekends but again well worth the hassle. This is a family owned Italian seafood restaurant where they only use Fresh fish. I ordered Lobster ravioli and I could get enough from that plate, filling and Yummy. We weren't lucky with the fastest waitress on earth but it was a weekend and they were totally swamped. I will be back more often to try their famous cioppino.
You know how sometimes you go to a highly rated place and you come out a little disappointed? Yeah, that's what happened to my Sotto Mare experience.After a long hike from my hotel in SoMa to Embarcadero and back up through Broadway's, ahem, colorful storefronts, I busted out my Yelp monocle and found this place. I thought to myself, "over 1k reviews averaging 4.5 stars is pretty good". The menu advertised loud and clear that it had the best cioppino for two, but I was only one slightly hungry man so I chose the shrimp and scallops instead.They were cooked extremely well, don't get me wrong, but I wasn't necessarily blown away. I think this was just a case of knowing what to order (e.g.: don't get the hamburger at a Mexican joint).Aside from that, I really enjoyed the decor, which reminded me of my hometown's own Little Italy, and how nice everyone was.I saw a long line spiraling out as I sat on my table of one waiting for my food but knowing that I was a party of one that didn't pose an issue for me. I'd be willing to try it again, perhaps with a friend, and see all about this best cioppino in town next time I'm around.
Finally found out what the fuss is about. Their cioppino is bomb. Full of flavor and generous with the various seafood. One order is $38 and is enough for 2 people. Sand dabs- um, overrated. I'd been wondering what the heck these were - it's a type of fish, filleted and seasoned, grilled/pan fried. Good but nothing special like the cioppino. Steamed clams = worth it - comes in a garlic butter broth. Best music in a lively casual environment. Only same day reservations. Parking not easy to find.
OMG, the best seafood EVER!!!!My fiance and I had spent a wonderful day exploring the neighborhoods, sights, and bars of San Francisco. We went to Fisherman's Wharf (gag...except for the sea lions), the Aquarium, Chinatown, and some very cool bars with murals and fun decor. After a long day exploring, we were hungry for some good old fashioned San Francisco seafood. We wanted to avoid the overpriced seaside places by the wharf. We found ourselves in the old-Italian and modernly hip area of North Beach. My fiance pulled out his Droid, and looked at Yelp reviews of North Beach seafood places. Immediately, we headed to Sotto Mare.It's small and casual. You wait in a line and get seated when you get to the front. We sat at the bar, enjoying the display of dried fish overhead. We ordered raw oysters. Jason never got into oysters - Chicago-oysters tend to suck. These oysters opened his eyes to the fresh, briney, treat of the sea. We then moved onto cracked crab, which was every bit as good as the oysters. For our entree, we shared sand dabs, lightly breaded and served in a rich sauce. We've never had sand dabs before, and they were so good! Whether you're a San Fran tourist (like me) or a local, you can't go wrong with Sotto Mare.
Went here after seeing amazing reviews. The two older ladies who were hostesses were so cute and endearing, but our server was cold and neglectful. The oysters were okay, but the clam chowder was bleck. Had to go retrieve sugar for my ice tea myself because our server forgot about us. Took forever to get our check. Won't be going back - much prefer the seafood at ferry landing.
We were recommended this place by a local and I'm so glad we made it. There was a line, but we were offered wine while we waited. We were seated at the marble top bar and ordered what had been recommended to us, oysters followed by sand dabs and cioppino. I was seated in front of the cooks and it is the hottest I have ever been. It was like being seated in the bowels of hell, but thankfully the food was amazing. Some of the best I've ever had. The waitress was attentive and efficient. We did rush to get out of there as soon as we could because we couldn't take the heat and it was time for me to get out of the kitchen. I'd love to go back and enjoy my dinner in a location not directly in front of the fire. The seat wasn't good but the food was amazing; mangia!
A kind of small restaurant but it gives you this feeling like you are dinning at home. My friend and I were seated at the bar and was given menus. I quickly realized that they do not serve any kind of meat! LOL. I was thinking on what to order and this lovely couple sitting next to us recommended the sand dabs which I ended up getting. My friend who loves this place ordered the Crab Choppino and the pasta with bay scallops. This person comes over and puts the bibs on you! HAHA! Everything we ordered were scrumptious. I don't really eat fish but I thoroughly enjoyed my Sand Dabs. The veggies that come with it was perfectly cooked too. For 33 dollars the Crab Choppino is worth it! We were unable to finish but you get A LOT! It comes with crab, shrimp, octopus, and pasta! The waitress was really friendly, gave off this motherly love and always winked at me. Hehe.I would like to come back. They take reservations for parties of 4 or more.
A-Holes turned my large group of 2 and another huge group of 2 away 30 minutes before closing so f them and the rude hostess we took our money elsewhere as did the other group behind us.
Food:- Cioppino- OystersA little pricey but perhaps the best Cioppino in the city. Went here on a hot summer day and cooled off first with some oysters and white wine. Afterwards, we followed it up with the Ciop'o which had thick cuts of seafood, a hearty sauce, and a subtle spice which lingered on my tastebuds for days. Go for the oysters and stay for the Ciop'o!
Went here while travelling for business on a weekday night. I went at peak business hours and it took about 10 minutes for a table of two. Shortly after I could see a crowd starting to build to get in. The food was as good as everyone claims. The two of us split the cioppino, which is a huge portion for two people and split about a dozen raw oysters.  The oysters were solid and fresh and the cioppino was freaking amazing. The restaurant is a bit cozy and it can be a wait to get in but it's definitely worth trying at least.
Sotto Mare is an unbeatable place for cioppino in North Beach and serves great seafood no matter what you order.Split the cioppino between a group of you (even as many as 4) with another dish or a few appetizers on the side and you'll go home happy.Make reservations in advance and you'll be even happier. If you have a big group, never fear - there's overflow seating in the basement where the service is still friendly and the seafood bibs will keep it feeling kitschy and festive.We've had great success with the oyster shooters, smoked salmon, soups, and salads... but really the cioppino is what's memorable.If you don't make a reservation and do get stuck waiting, grab your lobster-shaped buzzing pager and head next door to Golden Boy Pizza for the best pre-appetizer on earth. And afterward hit up the candy shop on Columbus for a sweet treat - free caramel corn for the locals!
The Service was excellent.  We were a party of 8, had reservations and were seated when six of us arrived. We followed our hostess to the lower level and sat comfortably. Our remaining party had car trouble so they got there kind of late. Although we ordered appetizers and continuous carafes of wine they never pushed us as we waited for our remaining friends. We started with steamers of clams & mussels that were so tasty and tender.  The broth was so good we were happy to dunk in our sourdough bread to soak it up. I had the sandabs and my husband had the scallops. Both were prepared wonderfully. Very tasty and cooked to perfection. The greens (spinach) was fresh and not over done. Four of us ordered a plate of pasta with smoked salmon to share. It rounded off our meals. Our table was continually served water without asking, and our table was cleared of excess dishes to make room and to keep everyone comfortable. Overall we had a wonderful night visiting with good friends.  It was a great experience. I will be back to try the crab cioppino.
After eating a slice of pizza at Golden Boy Pizza we decided to eat more at Sotto Mare which is down the street from it.They don't have A/C here, so eating outside in front of their restaurant might be a good thing, they do have fans inside.FREE tap water in a carafe on each table. Small cups though. FREE bread (average) w/ butter.Since we're weren't that hungry we only got a few things:6 raw oysters on half shell West Coast $1.50 ea - they were fine. I got a cup of Boston Clam Chowder- I liked it. It was thick, full of clams & potatoes. Creamy & not goopy.B. got Blue cheese wedge salad $8 + extra Bay Shrimp $2.50 - he liked it. I thought it was pretty simple & not worth the money. Wedge of iceberg letter w/ some blue cheese dressing & some small Bay Shrimp. Make it at home for a lot less.Nice bathrooms in the back. Women's had 3 stalls Black Toto Toilets & Black Sinks!Credit cards taken.
OK, I've heard that their Clam Chowder is pretty good (but slightly overpriced)...But when I ordered the house salad wanting a light dinner I didn't expect it to be a pile of iceberg lettuce and 4 tomato slices. Sotto Mare should either put a disclaimer on that salad, or change it. I felt duped. I won't be patronizing this business again.
OMG! We looked this up on yelp and had to try it!We walked from the Embarkadero after the Alcatraz tour and we worked up a HEALTHY appetite getting there.My daughters had Clam chowder which was Excellent, and Momma and I split a Seafood Cioppino.This was a fantastic place and the food was unbelievable! Glad they could squeeze us in between reservations!Worth a visit if you are in SF!Slinte!
Eat at your own risk! You will never be satisfied with cioppino elsewhere EVER again after having it here. It's portioned perfectly for 2 to share as a meal, or for 4 to share with another dish. The perfect balance between seafood, sauce, herbs, and consistency rests on a bed of rigatoni, and you won't be able to put your spoon down until the last bit is swiped off with bread!I also LOVE the welcoming service, and how nicely they are willing to accommodate my gluten and lactose dietary issues (cioppino for the rare blowout meal only!). They'll swap my pasta for a risotto specially made without dairy, and it's still so creamy and flavorful I always think it's too good to be true. But true it is! The first time I ate here, I nearly wept because I couldn't finish my plate, and wasn't able to take the leftovers. Every return visit since then, I go prepared with no post-dinner barhopping, just so I never have to abandon the goodness again.This is a family-run operation that truly values serving good food. Beware the word is out! Go early, or go on a non Fri/Sat night, or else be prepared for a wait.
This was my favorite restaurant during my visit to San Fran! " The Best Damn Crab Cioppino! ", definitely lived up to my expectations. Besides that, we also very much enjoyed their Clam Steamers (the broth was perrrrfect!), the cracked crab (chilled Dungeness, 'nough said), and daily catch (fresh red snapper and amazing sauce). yum yum yum....Both the portions and prices are reasonable, except this place is very small and hence the long wait. We did have a reservation for 4, but they won't seat us a minute before our reservation time. We were also told that if we want to walk around the area, we better come back on time. Otherwise, they will cancel our reservation if we are a minute late. Now that's a little excessive, but they do bribe their customers with complimentary red and/or white wine if you can wait around, so what else can I say? =P Anyway, I highly recommend this place for anybody who loves seafood. I will certainly come back here if I'm in SF again.
Yay! Very tasty cioppino, as evidenced by the many other glowing reviews. Super-friendly staff, too. Their bread was meh though, so that, combined with the kinda high price for the cioppino, knocks them down to 4 stars. However, I would definitely return to this restaurant and try some of their other dishes too!
This place is for people who are on the SEAFOOD diet !! The food was great and our server was really helpful with everything. I ordered the Grilled Sand Dabs, Linguine with seafood, clam chowder, and oysters. The sand dab was a simple dish of grilled fish filets served with steamed veggies. The fish was really sweet and fresh, and the portion was big enough to share. my favorite dish was the pasta because it was LOADED WITH SEAFOOD!! the ratio of seafood to pasta was fantastic! The oysters and clam chowder are a must if you are san francisco! I will definitely be back with a bigger wallet !
I'm not exactly sure how I feel about Sotto Mare because while the seafood was definitely fresh, the flavor was just okay and not entirely memorable. The upstairs dining room was definitely more lively than downstairs, but coming in a pair is probably your best bet to getting seating upstairs at the lively bar area. I agree with other reviewers that the chowder was a little on the salty side. I'm Vietnamese and pretty much put fish sauce on everything, so for me to think something is salty is quite rare. The oysters were very fresh and priced well. The "salad" was pretty much a sliced tomato and some shredded lettuce. Not sure I would call that a "salad" and more of a side of garnish. I really enjoyed the clams/mussels though. The broth was very flavorful and was perfect for bread dipping. The cioppino was a great serving size with an amazing seafood variety, but the broth itself was just okay to me - a little on the sweet side in my opinion. The wait wasn't too bad. The restaurant is actually bigger than it looks as there is a basement of sorts with 6-10 more tables. Unfortunately, I must look under-aged or something because of the 9 people that were also waiting for a table, I was the ONLY patron not offered a wine glass. Even people that walked in after me were given some, while I continued to stand there empty-handed. I could care less about freebies and handouts, but to be the only person singled out is just annoying. This might have soured my mood already and put a downer on the whole experience. I'll probably come back to try out a pasta dish or scallops....maybe I just came on a bad night. I like to believe that this many Yelpers can't be wrong.
Went here on a recommendation from a friend while we were in town and so glad we went! They accept reservations but it was just us late evening on a Thursday night so we showed up without one. Although they were extremely busy they cleared a table for us inside and we were seated within 5 minutes. While we waited we were offered a free glass of wine ("White or red?") What a great feature in a restaurant! Both indoor and outdoor seating is available. The place is small and crowded with a long bar along one side and tables along the other. This wall is covered in photos from the many years the place has been open. We were sat right by a photo of our waitress holding up a huge marlin she had caught herself. Although the cioppino looked amazing we ordered the scallops and a pasta dish. I asked the waitress what her favorite was and went with it - fresh seafood medley over linguine in a pink sauce (marinara and Alfredo mix.) It was AMAZING. The food was so fresh and impeccably prepared and it came within 5-10 minutes of ordering. I would go back anytime, and have already recommended it to friends.
Everything they say about the cioppino is spot-on. A "must have" for any couple. The owner stopped by our table and we talked for a while - he's a real SF character.  Lovely way to prep for our show at Beach Blanket babylon, just down the street.
FRESH SEAFOOD!Gigi's Sotto Mare has a great clam chowder (clams tasted noticeably fresh not canned) and the oysters were great even though served with a traditional cocktail sauce. This place feels family owned. There were two ladies running the restaurant that I wouldn't want to mess with. They kind of have that New York "I don't have time for BS" vibe. Much respect. Indoor/outdoor seating. I REALLY wanted to try their mussels but my friend wasn't a mussels eater and I thought it might be too much. I'd love to hear feedback from those who have.
The Ciopinno here was fantastic. Definitely enough for two people, especially with the pasta in there. It's so big, they bring it to you in this giant silver cauldron and then give you a smaller bowl to eat with.What I like most about this was the warm, friendly and inviting proprietors. I felt like I was at my grandmas house.
This is a perfect Italian seafood restaurant. It's small, loud and crowded. The service is friendly and rushed, but in a good way. You're treated "family casual" as I like to call it, which is perfect for an Italian restaurant. You're here for the food. And oh, what food it is. You start with nice crusty bread and butter which is pretty good. Frankly, if you serve crappy bread in a bakery rich city like San Francisco you don't deserve to run a restaurant. We started with 6 clams on the half shell which came with lemon and cocktail sauce. Hard to mess this one up, but the clams were fresh, sweet and delicious.We then went for the cioppino for 2, which was undoubtedly the star of the show. There's a reason it's mentioned so many times in these reviews. The broth has excellent depth of flavor, and the serving size is massive! The bowl was packed with a ton of crab legs, mussels, calamari, scallops and penne pasta. We are two 20-some year old males and we hardly finished. I would come back any day for this dish.I absolutely love this place. Highly recommended!
I like the lady who's in charge of seating. She is very direct and runs a tight ship. Finally a restaurant who keeps guests from being obnoxious. We caught on quickly- speak only after being spoken to and wait in the corner patiently. She offered us complimentary glasses in red or white wine which helped pass time. Anyone who complains about this lady in their reviews is daft and doesn't deserve to eat here. We were drinking our wine watching the game and were seated during the 11th inning. Rob and I got a nice table against the wall which usually seats four, we lucked out! Their bread was fresh and went perfectly with our cups of clam chowda. This is by far the best clam chowder I've ever had. It was piping hot, not too thick, and perfectly seasoned. Our half bottle of house white wine reminded me of the good times in Italy where house wine is cheap but damn good. The Giants won, could our dinner get any better? Our dishes arrived- sand dabs and fettucine in white sauce with bay scallops. They give you a lot of sand dabs. Each fish was immaculately deboned with a slight sear on the outer edges and tips. Our pasta was very simple and the only thing that came to mind was... Rome. Finally a place and a pasta that reminds me of Italy, FTW!
Best seafood cioppino ever!! Had oysters, clams, and clam chowder everything tasted so good and fresh. I love this place!! Def stop by here if your in the north beach area. Customer service was great, everyone friendly. Only thing is no parking area. Have to find parking on the street.
Great friendly service. entree took forever to come out (I really think they forgot) We already finished our mussels appetizers. Luckily I already had a few beers so I didn't mind the long wait. I came here during the busy hours of 6-7pm on a Friday night. I ordered the Linguini with Seafood. It was loaded with shrimp, scallops and clams. The white sauce was perfect. Not too heavy and creamy, but just right.I can definitely see myself coming here again very soon! Thanks for the great service!
Had lunch here on a Friday afternoon with my Mom and we will never forget how good their Seafood Linguine was!!! We ordered it with the tomato based sauce and we were quite happy with all the different types of fresh seafood in this pasta dish - there's about 6 or 7 varieties of seafood in it - that was awesome. . . That right there deserves nothing less than 5 stars from me! We also ordered a bowl of their clam chowder and the half dozen oysters and they were good as well!The service that we received from all the staff that we encountered here was nice and they were quite friendly and asked how we were doing many times, even though it was very busy in there! Gigi and the rest of his crew are doing a good job and I'd return without hesitation, if I have a chance to eat here again;-)
Delicious cioppino, which is actually something I have never tried until Sotto Mare. So yes, I'm no expert, but if you're like me and you are a beginner cioppino fan, this place makes a good one! The tomato soup is hearty and flavorful, it's chock full of shrimp, crab, calamari, clams, mussels, and pasta and is definitely a very generous portion for two. The service here, esp the front desk and the two ladies that work there bickering with each other and being snide to customers is kind of annoying and amusing at the same time. If you come at 5 or 6pm, you don't have to wait more than 30 minutes. The atmosphere is kinda divey/touristy and just PACKED. Definitely a must-eat; come hungry!
my boyfriend and i can here specifically for the oysters. we made the mistake of not making reservations for a busy friday night. we arrived around 8pm and was told the wait was about an hour. at first it seemed long, but we killed time with a drink or two at the bar next door. after being seated at the bar inside sotto mare, we ordered a bottle of prosecco and a dozen oysters. i expected service to be less than stellar based on the time of day (almost closing time) and how hot the city had been that day (upper 90s). to my surprise, service was super fast and everyone was incredibly friendly. the prosecco wasn't the best, but i love bubbles, so i didn't mind. the oysters on the other hand... perfection. we ordered 1/2 dozen more before we finished the 1st dozen. i would have ordered another whole dozen, but my boyfriend was a little oystered-out. as a side note, the horseradish is the real thing, not the wimpy white paste most places serve. i can not wait to go back, this time with reservations.
We brought some friends who were visiting here for dinner after running around the City all day in the Great Urban Race. What a fun, festive, place to have seafood that is both tasty and comforting. We all had the yummy clam chowder (gone in seconds) sopped up with bread. We had steamed mussels (loved this!!), steamed clams, pasta, and scallops (my bf wants to come back soon for these!). It was a perfect meal to fill our tummies after all of the day's activities, and the service was hospitable and super friendly. Loved it - I would come back in a heartbeat! :)
A great meal. Their claim of the "best cioppino" is to be taken seriously. Also, great oysters. Complimentary wine while waiting for a table. It was worth the wait.Eat here.
Love this place!First we got yelled at for holding the door open. haha. If we weren't pre-warned about that before going it might have made me walk out. We put our names in at the door, got our buzzer and took off to a bar a couple doors down to wait for a table.Everyone was so nice. And the food was great! I ordered a Rex sole with bordelaise sauce. It was absolutely perfect. My boyfriend had the cioppino and said it may be the best he's ever had. We were sat at the bar and one of the guys talked to us the whole time and even made us a sand dab to try. It was amazing...I'm pretty sure everything at this place is amazing. :)
Came for my birthday dinner while visiting from Miami. Waitress was excellent in recommending dishes. Every single entree our group had was excellent.
Two days after finally graduating from college I decided to make San Francisco my destination. First day it was cold and rainy, my friend and I ended up at the Columbus cafe. Everyone was eating clam chowder from Sotto Mare at the bar. We walked next door to grab some on that fateful day and got some chowder that hit the spot. The lady was really nice and hooked it up. A week later my girlfriend came out, we went back for dinner and the lady at the front recognized me and gave us some free wine while we waited a few minutes for our table. 6 months later we're back in town, go back for dinner and she recognizes me again. Treated us like family. Love this place. The salmon was really good but I regret not getting the cioppino. Next time I definitely will, heard its the bomb.
This restaurant was recommended by my son's friend, and we were given the heads up to make reservations in advance. It is very busy, and even with reservations you may have to wait a few minutes. That's ok, because they gave us complimentary wine while we waited on the trendy street. The atmosphere was festive, the staff was very friendly and helpful. We never heard of cioppino, but since it is their specialty we gave it a try. FAB U LOUS !!! They claim it is the best cioppino, and I can vouch for it, at least with my n=2 (I tried it at another restaurant and it was not as good.) Don't miss this restaurant if you are visiting San Francisco!
Cioppino is all you need to get. Enough said! It's that good!
Beautiful seafood, great service in a dive like setting. Food is so amazing! We were seated right away at the counter - no wait.
Ohhh man. This place is good. Amazingly good. It reminds me of a New England seafood bar in a way -- this place doesn't go outta the way to be pretentious, the charm is all about the intimate setting and most importantly -- the amazing food. I ordered the chowder and linguine with clams, and both were absolutely delicious. Wholeheartedly recommend this place. Looking forward to hopefully coming back soon!
Despite the fact that I was overcharged for my order, the food and service was really good. We ordered:- 2 shots of the oyster shooters- mixed seafood salad- Cioppino Although I wouldn't recommend the shooters, the salad and cioppino were delicious! Our bread was replaced quickly and service was attentive. I can see why there is a line for this place, but they seriously need to change their system of handwritten receipts ($62 plus $6 doesn't equal $74) or get some employees who can add properly.
Loved this restaurant. Our friends who live in San Francisco come here often and they know their food. Wonderful seafood. We had a black sea bass special perfectly cooked piccata style and a scallop dish with delicious garlicky sauce. Both served with nice vegetables. Wedge salad with tons of blue cheese and crab on the side was delicious. My husband gobbled up his shellfish-clams and mussels. We eat a lot of seafood so know when something is good and this is outstanding. The ambiance is fantastic here, old school Italian San Francisco. Tile floors and marble table tops. Friendly service. Outstanding!!
The ambiance is nice. There is a bar-like sitting area in front of the open kitchen. You can watch the chefs cook, which is important because you can see that they use fresh ingredients. The restaurant is very small - not big enough to hold a family dinner. Seating is more apt for singles at the bar area or couples at the small tables.I ordered the Linguine with Seafood (Chef's special) for $17. It came with clam, muscle, shrimp, and squid. The seafood was cooked in just the right time - very tender. The quality of the food is great, but $17 is just too expensive.
Tried Ristto and chower, both of them are tasty. Definitely will come back again!!!!
Due to Yelp I chose this food spot for some seafood with friends. All good here! The salmon special was awesome! Beer was cold and it was a cool smallish place. Go and find out for yourself.
Thank you, yelp. on my quest to become a cioppino connoisseur, I was lead her on your recommendation. Cannot go wrong with the cioppino here. The oysters were average, but the cioppino is BOSS. The service is so great and so friendly. We were offered complimentary glasses of wine while we were waiting to be seated. Shared a few laughs with the staff and the nice people behind us in line, and we were enjoying warm soupy cioppino goodness in no time. The decorations are fun and the kitchen is open, super cool!
I thoroughly enjoyed my lunch at Sotto Mare. I started with a cup of the clam chowder - it was pretty good, not sure I'd order it again though. The highlight of my meal was the scallops. I had the seared sea scallops - soooooo delicious. They come with a very good and garlicky sauce and just a few vegetables on the side. Also, it's a huge portion. About 10 scallops. I love scallops and order them whenever I see them on the menu - you usually only get a few scallops on the plate. Not here! My co-worker had the salmon and he said it was also very delicious. We were lucky to snag a table outside (there are only a couple out front) - and it was a beautiful day in San Francisco. All in all, I recommend this place to any seafood (especially scallop) lover. I'll be back.
My husband and I were planning to go to Mama's for brunch. After seeing the line, I turned to Yelp to help us figure out where to go instead and the reviews pointed us here. Thank you Yelp!!!! This was THE BEST Cioppino. The name on the menu is "Best Damn Crab Cioppino" and they aren't lying. It comes with a ton of seafood and the sauce is so tasty (ask them for extra bread to dip in the sauce). We also got an order of the clam chowder, it was just okay. I wouldn't order the chowder again but I will def be back for that Cioppino.
Wow, takes reservations huh? Apparently they have this policy where they only make reservations for parties of FOUR OR MORE. However, I had a reservation for a party of TWO last night (3/16/2010). Hrm, how'd that happen?I was running 5 minutes behind (thanks for passing me up Muni) and my table was given away before it was even time for my reservation!!!!My reservation was at 7pm. I let them know that i'd be runninga little late. At 6:55pm, my table was given away. My friend was already there waiting. He noted everything, spoke to someone there who was giving table after table and guess what?? He was told that reservations are made for parties of 4 or more. When he confronted the employee by saying that would've been useful information BEFORE this reservation was even made, the employee was of NO HELP. Instead, he said "yeah, I wish the person didn't make that reservation for you" and walked off. WOW!!!!!I arrived at 7:04pm, 4 minutes late. I was told we could either wait 10 minutes for a table or sit at the table outside. I opted to sit outside since it was a fairly warm night in San Francisco. Right as I sat down, a couple strolled in. They were warmly greeted with "sit anywhere you like" EXCUSE ME??? I left. You may have great food but I don't need your shit service. I know my review probably won't bring any ratings down, but I just had to get it out there that some shady ass shit went down. IF the owner does read this, don't bother to PM me - I NEVER WANT TO TRY COMING BACK. You probably don't even need my hard earned money anyways for your staff to be able to treat people like SHIT.
Amazing seafood/Italian restaurant. Went here based on Yelp reviews and loved it. Seafood cipriani(?) was fantastic.
This was a great seafood restaurant in SF! I really liked the atmosphere, where it was small and casual, with an open kitchen. The food was excellent, and the prices were not that bad considering you had fresh caught seafood and that it is in San Francisco. However, we came here on a Friday night and the wait took a REALLY long time, especially since I came here with just my boyfriend and they don't take reservations unless you have 3 or more in your party. On to the food... the clam chowder was SOOO GOOD!!! I would come back here just to eat gallons of that stuff. The scallops were cooked to perfection as well, and the light sauce that came with it really complemented the dish. I got the chef's seafood risotto, which was super delicious and came with a lot of seafood, way more than I was expecting, so it was really filling. I will come back here to try other dishes again!
Solid cioppino (which is pretty all we had) but hardly the best "damn cioppino" unless the cioppino you've had is from RED LOBSTER ... or maybe if that person is from some landlocked prairie location and has never had much seafood. It's very fresh and it's definitely a good deal as a serving for 2 (well, good for SF $41 in mid 2014) - since a lot of people have no idea how to steam crab, perhaps getting a full crab in the dish is impressive enough? But it's not ... first, there seems to be no fish in the cioppino and there's no lobster - though of course, adding lobster would probably jack the price up a lot but other restaurants offer it with lobster also. The other part of a cioppino is of course, the sauce - their sauce - perfectly acceptable but hardly earth shattering and definitely NOT worth making a special trip. There is pasta of course but that's pretty hard to screw up. Service is weak but understandable as the place is packed - mostly bar seating unless you bring a party of 4. Never got a refill on drink or bread (which was also just okay & not very fresh). So, if your guest wants seafood and thinks Red Lobster is great, they will enjoy it here along with its fun atmosphere of a hole-in-the-wall and the kitchen right there ... but a real Southern Italian seafood aficionado will not be all that impressed. It's NOT worth a special trip to 'Little Italy/North Beach' for the cioppino. If you happen to be in the area and you get there between 4-6 on weekdays with no wait, it's a fine choice but don't expect the best meal of your life - it's just a solid option.
Cioppino and clam chowder are to DIE for.The broth of the cioppino is mouthwateringly delicious. Great assortment of seafood in there. It gets messy with the crab and mussels, but definitely worth it. Good to the last drop. The clam chowder actually has a lot of clams in it! Not little bits and pieces of sand either. Real good large chunks of clam. Makes Boudin clam chowder its bitch.
We Bypassed the logjam at the front podium and sat at the bar and was promptly ignored by both bar waitresses as they turned their backs to us as we sat down three feet away. After what seemed to be the customary ten minute "ignore the new customers period" a menu was dropped in front of us without a word. Later, after some time, one of the surely back turned waitresses appeared and demanded our order. The almost $50 Cioppino was average and very overpriced. House Salad was shredded iceberg for $6.50.
This may be my favorite restaurant EVER. Not because the food was out of this world (it was delicious). Not because it was cute and quaint (it was). But, because the owner and the staff are absolutely absurd. Coming from an Italian family, my dining experience at Sotto Mare really reminded me of going to family functions. There are a million people all crammed into a tiny little space all yelling at each other.There appeared to be 3 or 4 people who were waiting tables. One guy had to be 80 years old. Really nice, really Italian. Then there was a lady, who when we entered in the restaurant asked if we had ever been here. We said we hadn't. She said, "good, the food is amazing" (it is). I think there was a younger waiter and finally, my favorite, the owner of the restaurant. The owner of the restaurant deserves his own Yelp review. Seriously. When we showed up to the restaurant we were seated relatively quick at the bar area in front of the kitchen. By the way, the kitchen is open, so you can watch the cooks make your food in front of you. My buddy and I sat down and ordered our food. Within 5 minutes of getting situated the owner comes flying along and goes "who sat you here". We responded and about 2 minutes later he had the entire row of people move about 2 feet down to fit someone else into the bar area. Didn't bother me at all, but the gal next to me looked like she was going to have a conniption, haha. The owner would go up to the restaurants patrons and joke with them throughout the night. On one occasion he came up to us and said something to the effect, "Finish up and pay your bill!" Totally in jest. Do not come here if you're looking for a quiet meal. Come here on a first date or with some friends for a glass of wine and some really good Italian food.  Get ready for lots of yelling, but it's a very jovial environment. Everyone was laughing at the antics of the wait staff.
Great fresh fish and a charming ambience (including outdoor seating). Love the fish specials and seafood risotto. No reservations for parties under 3 but they'll give you a glass of wine while you wait!
3 people:-1 dozen WEST COAST oysters -$1.5 each very fresh and yummy, not as "oystery taste" as i would like tho, still good-Risotto with seafood - $19 Sooooooo GOOOD!!!-THE "BEST DAMN CRAB CIOPPINO" -$33 Tomato based seafood bowl. not a big fan of tomato based besides spaghetti. Overall - LOVED IT :)  Will be back to try more of their speciality
i came here with a group of friends and we ordered several things and shared it all - the funniest thing about this place is that they don't serve dessert... hahah they have a little "dessert menu" that they give you which is actually an explanation on why they don't serve dessert.We got:1) clam chowder (really creamy and delicious)2) The "BEST DAMN CRAB CIOPPINO" - which really was damn good - comes in a red sauce... however if you don't like fishy tasting foods.. you probably won't like this.3) Fettuccini with Bay Scallops - came in a creamy white sauce which was probably my favorite :DThis restaurant was PACKED when we got there - this restaurant is in I belive the italian district and SOOO many restuarants in the area are closed on Mondays.Not Sotto Mare.. which is probably why there was a LONG waiit.I thought the place was tiny but later on, we were taken downstairs through the back and i discovered how huge this restaurant is.Downstairs is more cozy and formal than upstairs so I would ask to sit downstairs if you come.All in all, our server was sweet, great food, good times!
Met my cousin and her boyfriend at this place. Coming inside the interior is quiet narrow. Then we went downstairs which lead to another side of the restaurant. I ordered the seafood linguini. Big portion. Fat shrimps, tender calamari and squid in red wine sauce. Delicious. I'm a big eater and I could hardly finish it. Only thing for one star off is that it wasn't "al dente" as it should be. The noodles a little soft. But coming back next time I'm in SF.
Wow! The sand dabs and the cioppino melted in our mouths. The waitresses were singing and clearly having a fun night. Service was great. Oh and the wine wasn't fabulous, but it was super cheap....
My party and I went here on a whim based on Yelp reviews. For appetizers, we had the mussels in broth and the clam chowder. The mussels were amazing. I would absolutely go back and order two for an entree. The clam chowder was decent but nothing I'd go back for.For entrees, we got grilled sand dabs, seafood risotto, and seafood alfredo. The grilled sand dabs weren't bad, but we were somewhat disappointed. I think we were expecting to be wow'ed but we probably could make something very similar due to its plainness. The seafood risotto was a little overwhelming as an entree. I think it would be perfect as a side dish. It was good, but again, nothing to write home about. Why the 4 stars? The seafood afredo was INCREDIBLE. I was in absolute heaven when I was taking some bites of this. It didn't look special on the menu versus the other items we ordered, but get this and you will not be disappointed. In addition to the mussels, the seafood alfredo will be the reason we go back.
I could just swim in their clam chowder it's so delicious. Mussels were fresh and the broth was good, but I thought they were so overcooked they shrank to nothingness. I truly enjoy the home-y feeling here though. One of those "everyone knows your name" joints with the Italian grandma serving us the bread and butter. Until next time, ciao.
I was skeptical walking into this place. It looked touristy with the seaside decorations, the lanterns, the fishermans gear on the walls. Sitting down, we were served water and bread immediate and service was prompt and courteous.After tasting the bread, I was disgusted. It was hard and dried, even smearing tons of butter didnt help. I just at the inside and threw the crust out. We proceeded to order the cioppino and oysters. The oysters were fresh, chilled and refreshing. the Cioppino, not overly salty but flavorful. It made the hard bread edible. The Cioppino was filled with fresh and good quality seafood - I was impressed.Overall - I would come back here again.
OMGosh! Great place. This is an absolute must try if you love seafood. You have to get the ciopinno! You won't be disappointed. It's their most popular dish and for good reasons ;-) A friend & myself shared the ciopinno and it met all of our expectations and it was enough for both of us. We also had some East and West Coast oysters and in my opinion and my girlfriends, the East Coast oysters were better. My friend had the lobster ravioli and that was superb as well.
I don't give 2.5 since the food is good. I'm disappointed that my guess was right on how they seated me and my son. Yes, service. We went there around before 6pm. There was no lineup.This is the pre-condition. Bear in mind.When we walked in, the lady said, oh, I don't have anything for you now, yes, bar was full. She recommended downstairs, I was like .. hmm. I saw 2 tables on the first floor, one has 4 seats, one has 2 at the entrance (very tiny space near bar).  If you ever have been there, you know what I talked about. She didn't even recommend that table for 4. There was two guys already sitting on a 4 seats table. Why weren't lead to that spare 4 seats table? I was wondering. Believe me. However, I asked, if we can sit at 2 tables near entrance besides bar, since I dislike that idea going downstairs, obviously, basement.Here is the breaking point. After we were seated, there were one old couple coming in, they were seated at that 4 seats table. I still was persuading myself, they may have reservation.After reading reviews here, by knowing 2 people not required reservation, you can guess what I am thinking.Let us go back to food. We only order the cioppino. It tastes bland (not salty instead) at the beginning, eventually the right feeling is there. It is good enough.I agreed with some of reviewers here, it is not only about food to rate a restaurant. I won't be able to imagine, how I enjoy my meal by seating at the entrance, while kept thinking if anyone walking by could flip my plates. Yes, I know, I chose to sit there, but there was better option inside, they didn't offer us.One more thing, the bread. 1st round, 4 slices, I said myself, 'hmm, seems less than other restaurant.. hmm'. You know these days, my son, 8.5 years old, he eats more than me. So my son, guess, was hungry, ate them all almost. The other waiver came over, joking .... She then put on 2nd round, this time, 1/3 more compared to 1st round.Folks, do you see what I'm saying here? Just that feeling. Be fare, I am happy with the services the other 2 waitress when they served us food/plates etc. I'm obviously not happy about seating and 'bread' stuff. Because I brought a minor, doesn't mean we don't have equal right to get treated well. Jeez.
Visiting San Fran and this was a Yelp-recommended spot that was right by our hostel. It seems everyone recommends the Cioppini so that's what we ordered and it did not disappoint!We sat up at the bar so we got to watch the chefs hard at work cooking. It's a fun way to pass the time while you're waiting for your meal!The giant bowl of steaming seafood is served with your usual utensils but we soon got right in there with our fingers, pulling out the tender crab meat. And it's not just crab! Mussels, octopus, baby scallops, and clams all are in the Cioppini too! Sooo yummy. So thank you Yelpers for recommending this! Soo delicious!!!
Crowded, cramped, mom & pop Italian seafood that really delivers. Everything the others have posted about their ciopinno seafood stew is spot on; do not under any circumstances eat any of the bread they deliver at the start of this gastric quest. Save it for lapping up the delicious sauce once you've eaten all the shrip/crab/clams/mussels/fish/calamari. As a paisan, this place if for real. Be warned...we had reservations for 5:30pm, and by 6pm there was a big line waiting to get in. Get there early or make reservations.
We came here because of the Yelp reviews, and based on that, we were disappointed. You could do worse with so many tourist traps around, but you could certainly do better.We came before the busy hours, so there was no wait for us, but I imagine given how small the restaurant is, the wait can get quite busy if you arrive late.We ordered the seafood stew and the seafood risotto. The seafood stew was fine. I guess it's just the way it's cooked, but it felt as if the sauce seasoning was a lot more prominent than the seafood. Not bad tasting by any means, but not what we were expecting at all.The risotto is very rich and thick. The first few bites were good, but even though we split the bowl, finishing the dish was a bit of work. The heavy flavor gave us a good punch to the face -- there's not really much room for subtlety if you want to take in any specific ingredients.My main peeve is I just don't understand the draw. The food is pretty average. Tourists? Long waits making for hungry stomachs? Good wine pairings which I don't drink? Purely for tourists, I would suggest the Stinking Rose, which at least gives you something notable to talk about. If it's about seafood, it's certainly not better than the Coo-Coo Clams from Tommasso's right around the corner.
Very good restaurant. Food was awesome. The restaurant was kind of hidden downstairs. Worth going to when in San Francisco. Staff is polite, but nothing special, hence the lack of a fifth star. Nonetheless, we will be back.
"BEST DAMN CRAB CIOPPINO" - i followed the other reviewers and ordered this dish to share along with a house salad. This dish did not disappoint. It included a very generous serving of fresh crab and different kinds of seafood. We finished every bit of it. Too bad I am not local, otherwise I will come back to try the other dishes.
Here's the deal: If you like seafood and italian food, this place is perfect. It has the best cioppino in town, hands down (enough to feed 2 people easily). If you like fresh fish that is light and flavorful, get the sand dabs.If you want something upscale, this is not your place. If you want darn good food at a reasonable price, I couldn't recommend it enough. If you have a party of 3 or more, I highly recommend you make a reservation otherwise you'll be waiting at least 30-60 mins.
I have to make it a point to go to Sotto Mare any and every chance I get! I know I promised to not give a restaurant a 5 star rating unless I've at least visited it more than once, but this place really deserves it - I swear!This place is delicious! I had the pasta with scallops and the mussels. Oh man! I can't even explain to you how delicious both dishes were. The pasta melted in my mouth, with a creamy sauce that simply had me wanting more. The scallops were fresh and amazing! The mussels.. oh the mussels... I enjoyed each and every bite so much, my heart was racing! The prices you ask? Totally affordable and the food is worth every penny!Just trust me and go to this place, even if it means waiting outside for a little bit in the blistering cold and/or rain. It's super worth it.
Came in at 6:30 on a Monday evening and got seated right away. Soon after, there was a line at the door and the nice ladies at the door gladly offer folks glasses of wine while they wait. Shared a seafood cioppino with the husband. Amazing!!! I was licking my chops like a cat. ;) it's messy, but you get a stylish paper bib. And you know what they say, if it isn't messy, it isn't fun. Prego!
Must have the Cioppona!!! It's amazing. Great atmosphere and great food. Definitely coming back.
Incrediable!!!!! Priced very very reasonably for what you are getting.... Glen (hes worked there since 1985) is so nice!!! Super friendly and very helpful with wines!! We had 4 east coast oysters and 12 west coast and the CIOPPINO!!!! Omggggggggg best meal ever!!! Cant wait to go back!!!!
Ok everyone my wife and I have never been so insulted before dining at any restaurant anywhere! We were there last Thursday night, waited 1 hour which is normal and we were ok with it. We have been here several times and sat at the counter. We were enjoying our Cioppino when the hostess came up behind us and asked if we were about done, which we weren't. Anyway about 10 minutes later she cam up again and asked if we were almost through as she said there were people waiting to eat that had been there an hour. My wife and I now felt pressure that we were being asked to finish and leave, we could take a hint. The couple next to my wife so all of this happening. Apparently the owner was sitting in the vacant chair next to the couple next to us and heard my wife articulate that we were being asked to leave. Will the owner heard my wife, got in her face, said she needed her hearing checked as they never ask customers to leave! I tried step in and politely said to him there are several ways to ask a someone to leave. The owner really got heated and got in my face and asked me my name, what I did and where I lived very load. t calmly replied to him this is irrelevant, this made him more mad. Typically I would have gotten upset but basically I could tell that he is not real smart. I did however at this point call him an IDIOT! The food is great but there are many restaurants in the City to enjoy. We will not return to Sotto Mare if and when Hell freezes over!
One of the best places in the bay area for clean, fresh, simply prepared, exquisite fish. I've never had a bad meal here and the service is like a gracious family. Good wine too.Reasonably priced, delicious and always piping hot with perfectly cooked sides of vegetables that change daily.Get there early, make a reservation or expect a wait.Gigi's is like family.
So you'll see that I've previously given this joint 5-star reviews. I loved eating here whenever I'm in the city. The cioppino is the best. But this past week, they let me down big time. I called to make a reservation for 4 people ... all of us flying in from out of town ... 3 of whom have never been to SF. I thought this would be the perfect introduction to the city. I was told that my request was taken down and that she would have her manager call me. Time went by and no call. On the day of the proposed reservation I called the restaurant a couple times to try and confirm ... no answer ... until just a couple hours before the reservation. I was told that I was wrong and they never handle reservations that way. Well, sorry, that is the way it was handled, but she was focused on telling me that I was somehow imagining this. In the end, her attitude got snippier and snippier when I told her how disappointed I was that I couldn't dine there until much later, even though I did my part and tried to make the reservation.So ... the moral of my story is: great food, nice atmosphere, generally friendly service, but I'll definitely not try this place again for reservations and the whole experience has left a sour taste in my mouth.
My friend came from Canada to SF for a weekend. He said he wanted to have seafood. Based on the decent reviews, I decided to take my friend to Sotto Mare. We went there on a Saturday's afternoon around 5:00pm because we came back from Alcatraz. It was good that they still opened during that time (kinda late for lunch and kinda early for dinner). The restaurant was still empty and the waitress let us to choose the table that we like. When you looked from outside, the restaurant was pretty small but when you were actually in the restaurant, there were lot of tables and bar seats. The decor was fun and gave you a homey feel! The service was friendly, warm, fast, sweet and helpful. It makes you feel like you've come to someone's house for dinner rather than a restaurant. The restaurant was getting packed and busy around 6:00pm, so better to make reservation or come early. The wait can be long. What we have ordered: 1. Half dozen of Oyster (on Half Shell $1.50 each) - The oysters were so FRESH and yummy! Great Price with the quality! 2. Clam chowder on a bowl ($6.50) - Very creamy and lots of clams. Perfect when you eat with the bread! 3. Seafood Cioppino ($27.00) - It served with a pot. I thought it was not that big but actually the portion was good enough for two people. The cioppino had the best tomato broth with all the FRESH seafood, like crab, mussels, clams, scallops, calamari, shrimps and even pasta. The flavors of the seafood were so sweet and the tomato sauce made every bite extremely delicious. We even asked the waitress to give us more bread to eat with the yummy tomato broth (but too bad they were so busy and they forgot). I tried the cioppino at other restaurants before but this was the best cioppino I have even had. This is definitely one of the better experiences I've had for seafood and I will definitely come back.
On vacation picked restaurant because of others reviews. Told 10 minutes for wait it was 20 minutes. Sat at bar entertained by cooking in front of us. appetizer cracked crab good. Clam chowder good. Got Risotto with seafood loaded with clams mussels scallops and shrimp very good. Kept trying to eat it all and couldn't finish it. Spouse had Sand dabs he loved them. Water in front of you in carafe. No refills on soda or iced tea. everyone friendly had to wait to get by busser cooks asked me how my meal was. Spouse wants to go here again. But need to eat somewhere else on vacation so little time. Next time in San Francisco.
I had to create an account so that I could provide Sotto Mare a review. The experience was great. We had the most wonderful meal. while the service was okay, the food was exceptional. We would recommend this place to anyone.
A tiny place that pumps out traditional, great Italian seafood. The cioppino my wife and I shared was absolutely delicious (along with the blue cheese wedge and half dozen excellent West Coast oysters) - loaded with a great seafood assortment including wonderful crab. My daughters had pesto penne and the mussel steamers and were completely enthralled. What a great family, small restaurant atmosphere. The wine was just okay, but everything else - including the service, was fantastic. A new favorite for all of us!
I had been meaning to try this place for years, and as in SF, there are just too many restaurants to sidetrack an eating intention! I made my way there for a solo lunch last week. I was a little sad when I entered because the restaurant is the same location as New Pisa (which I loved, so) but it was quaint and cute.I didn't order the cioppino as I was dining alone, and that really appears to be a serving for two people. I tried the clam chowder-- just OK--- and decided upon a pasta/seafood dish, perhaps an homage to New Pisa? Anyway, the entree was basically tasteless. I added quite a bit of salt simply to coax SOME flavor out, but it really wasn't good.The waitstaff are face-paced and pleasant. Oh how I wanted to love Sotto Mare, but I just didn't.
I believe that Sotto Mare is probably a great place to eat. Unfortunately, I never got the chance to rave. We called for reservations, telling the person who answered the phone. We said we planned on arriving at 9 for dinner. They told us reservations wouldn't be necessary. We arrived at 9:00 and were summarily turned away by an older gentleman in a fairly dismissive manner. He told me they were done for the evening. I pointed out that they close at 10 PM. Still, we were unceremoniously shown the door. Sotto Mare was the one place I had my heart set on in San Francisco. To be treated that way is crap. A message to Sotto Mare and that older gentleman: Nobody's that good.
The waitress was rude to me. While the food was good and well-cooked, there are too many other good restaurants with good food in San Francisco for me to have to want to deal with a rude server.How was the waitress rude? I felt as though she talked down to me, didn't fulfill my simple requests with a positive attitude (although they were fulfilled after being initially denied), and seemed generally unhappy to have to serve in that job - a chip on her shoulder, it seemed.Poor customer service does not translate to repeat business, in my book. So although the food was prepared well, yes, I will not be returning due to their poor customer service.It appears that at least one other reviewer on Yelp also found their customer service lacking. Yet I'm a polite person - I thought I wouldn't have the same experience. Because I'm not alone in this perception, I can conclude that it's not me - it's them. And despite good food, I'm not going to waste my money at an establishment when there is equally good if not better competition out there!No wonder the place seemed mostly empty when I was there. Apparently the locals seem to think that their customer service is lacking, too, or else they would have more business, as other fine establishments do.Do not recommend!!!
Just finished dining for 1st time at Sotto Mare. Was highly recommended.  Cannot figure out why. Had the "award wining crab cioppino". Are you kidding me? Was great if you like overcooked previously frozen seafood. fresh oysters appetizer were very good. Everything else was worthless. Giving the place a "2" instead of a "1" because of great waitress.Don't go here unless you don't care about quality of food.
When I first walked in to Sotto Mare, I was scared I had just entered a tourist trap. It wasn't what I expected of an almost 5-star establishment with like 500 reviews. Sotto Mare... I mean, it just sounds fancy... I'm glad it wasn't. Wearing tacky yet hilarious bibs with crabs on them was a lot more hysterical, as was admiring the raw fish just hangin' out (literally, hanging) behind the bar, and the rusty-boat themed decor like steel pipes, fish taxonomy posters, and those silly porcelain fish cookie jars that 50 year old housewives are so fond of.We tried the cioppino, sand dabs, and clam chowder, based on the Yelp reviews, and were not left disappointed. I think the sand dabs were my favorite, because unagi/barbecued eel is one of my favorite seafood dishes and the sand dabs had a very similar, soft and melty texture. Cioppino was amazing too, though. It was like EVERYTHING THAT EVER LIVED IN THE SEA in a pot. 'Nuff said.
Absolutely one of the best dining experiences in North Beach. Known for fresh seafood, Sotto Mare did not disappoint. From raw oysters to cioppinos to seafood pastas, every plate was fresh, flavorful and made with love. Add some wine with the dinner and you could not have a more perfect dining experience with friends or for me, for a double date.The culture here is also very fun and lively. The manager was super friendly and social, cracking jokes with us, but she also knows what she's talking about when we asked for recommendations. You also know it is going to be fun when you got to strap up a bib to defend against the flying shell pieces and globs of sauce. Food is wonderfully delicious and portions are generous. I did not believe how much seafood was in the cioppino, it was like an aquarium. Tons of crab, fish, shellfish, shrimp...if it swims in the ocean it was in the pot. The white alfredo sauce for the pasta was my highlight, so creamy and comforting (and packed with 5 sticks of butter). Fantastic place and experience, this is a must try.
Cioppino is REALLY good. it's a pretty huge portion, definitely enough to share between 2 people. I loved the atmosphere of this restaurant, it was very small and cramped but nobody seemed to mind squeezing in between each other. everyone was just excited about eating the food and minding their own business. We also tried the lobster ravioli, which wasn't on the menu, but we saw it on someone else's table and it was amazing! there were chunks of lobster meat in every bite and the sauce was just right. it wasn't too thick or too overwhelming. Definitely want to come back and try other things on the menu
Great experience. Amazing, kind, gracious and helpful staff that treat you like family- They almost gobbled up our baby boy. My husband and I shared the Cioppino and it was SO yummy! Will def. go back to explore more on the menu. Delicious!
A very cozy friendly atmosphere. just make sure you are not late if you have a reservation. We were 10 mins late for the our 630 dinner. the group behind us got a little hard time too. So it's not just us. but the place had quite some empty tables at that time.the seafood risotto was very testy. the rice was a little too soft. so When we ordered second run, we asked if they could cook the rice al dente, then we were told that the rice was cooked in the morning. but i was a little shock to know that they make the pasta in the morning too. i didn't expect that from a restaurant like this.we ordered quite a lot. spaghetti and linguini were average, clam and muscle steamers were good but i won't order again. oysters were fresh. the cioppino was as yummy as people claimed. we ordered sand dabs twice. bread and wine was just so so.after all, a great family style restaurant.
Really delicious cioppino! I want to try it with garlic bread next time, if they have it.
So anytime I travel to an area known for seafood, I always look for a good Cioppino. That's just my thing. I read up and heard lots of people boasting about this place, so I had to see for myself. I think my meal just started off on a low point and that's why I can't even give them 3 stars. I arrived and they were busy, but still had seats available. There was no huge line out the door. The sign says to wait here to be seated, so I did. I'm sure they could see me standing there, I wasn't hiding behind a bush or something. Not sure why 4 different employees walked right by me, and 3 of the 4 walked by me twice without even acknowledging me. No Hi, no how are you, not even a hey I'll be with you in just a second. I'm by myself mind you, so it would have been very easy to just dump me at the bar. And finally when somebody finally spoke to me and found out I was a party of 1, they said Oh just sit at the bar. Well, I'd be happy to, if one of your staff would've at least looked at me. Maybe it was an off day, I don't know, but I was disappointed.Well of course I ordered the Cioppino because it's one of my favorite dishes. It came fairly quickly and was loaded with seafood. Big portion. I loved the fact that it even had Penne pasta inside......great idea. The seafood was cooked perfectly and the crab was very fresh. However, it was too tomato-ey for me (if that's an actual word). For me, the soup/stew base is the deciding factor and while it was good, it wasn't great for me. Then to throw that service back in there....I won't be back.
Came in for dinner this past weekend with a friend in town. Restaurant only takes reservations for parties of 3 or more. We arrived a few minutes late and not with a complete party. Parking in North Beach is a pain! The hostess was so nice and gracious. We were sat as soon as everyone arrived. Food was delicious! The Clam Chowder is definitely one of the best I have had and a must have! The bowl of cioppino for two was filled with so much seafood and a lot of crab. Delicious broth! Sotto Mare is definitely worth going again and again. Great food, attentive/caring service at a good value.  You feel welcome when you walk in the door as if you are being welcomed into someone's home.
Their cioppino defies words. Ingredients (as far as I can tell): Garlic, oregano, tomato, crab, shrimp, scallops, calamari, clams, muscles, and lots of love!
Huge fan of the oysters and the seafood boulanbaise here. ambiance is casual and staff is friendly. would def go back
I suspect this place gets raves because it looks authentico and old-timey San Francisco. The restaurant is actually only a few years old, so don't be fooled by the 1950s atmosphere. And don't be fooled into thinking you're in for a classic meal -- the food is simply not good.The house salad I ordered was limp chopped iceberg with flavorless tomato slices and a boat of Thousand Island on the side that could've come out of a can. If this was a true 1950s-era establishment that refused to change with the times, it could've been forgiven. But the rest of the meal would've lived up to expectations, which it did not.The linguine was overcooked. One more minute in the boiler and it would've been mush. The seafood atop the linguine was bland and tasteless, and the entire meal was sitting in a pool of butter sauce.Likewise, the grilled rex sole came out glistening with oil. The crust was nice, but nothing special, and a bit charred on one side. The vegetables on the side were overbuttered too, but at least crisp to the tooth.I didn't come in expecting fancy fusion cuisine, and in fact looked forward to hearty Italian seafood fare. But there's a right way to do that and many wrong ways, and Sotto Mare found a few of them.The subplot to this meal was that we asked both the waitress who seated us and the waitress who took our order if they had squid ink pasta. (We had been told they did.) Both waitresses said we should have the seafood linguine, which came out with plain wheat noodles. When asked about the squid ink noodles, the waitress pointed to the linguine and said, "Yeah, that has squid in it."I am positive I asked in a clear voice about squid ink noodles. I realize it's a somewhat exotic ingredient, but this is supposed to be an Italian seafood restaurant, and I would expect the waitstaff (a) to know of their existence and (b) to tell us they don't have them. It would've been that simple to make us happy.From that point on the waitstaff pretty much ignored us, and we had to go to the cash register to get our check. We didn't raise a fuss when the mistake was discovered (I knew there was no point in sending the dish back) and we ate the meal as it came out. Why they would blow us off after that is their business, but they certainly won't be getting ours in the future.This meal -- house salad, seafood linguine, rex sole, plus a glass of beer -- cost $50. Why anyone would feel good about laying out that kind of money for such subpar food and service is beyond me.
friendly, quick, and entertaining servicegreat food (we had cioppino and oyesters yuuuum)so coming back over and over
We had an awesome lunch today. I cant decide what was better the steamed clams or the sand dabs. If we hadn't been craving the steamed clams, we would have gone for the cioppino which looked as good as eveyone wrote about. Its not a cheap place to go, but its worth the cost.
Decor downstairs is lacking. Feels like you're in a basement... oh wait, you are.The service is definitely not the point, thank gosh, although the staff are friendly and prompt in a combative and jokey kind of way.  Very casual atmosphere.Came here twice for birthdays and always get the cioppino which is delicious and savory. Second time around was slightly lacking. Pastas are always good. Good price on good oysters.Free wine if you're waiting for your party at the door.Wine by the carafe is not too bad. Fun for parties and groups. Good price.Parking or cabbing can be a nightmare as can be the bridge and tunnel or even the newer new rich types who get drunk and act like assholes on the street.
Sadly, parties of less than three can't reserve a table, so you have to stand for a while if you don't come early. But, it's worth the wait, trust me.I was disappointed that they were out of oysters the night we went. No matter, one-half litre of the house white wine (simple, but pleasant, and not too expensive) and a pot of cioppino later, we rolled ourselves out of the restaurant.The cioppino is so good that even when we were full, we had to keep eating. Given how messy it is, I wouldn't recommend it for a first date.Service was great - waters were constantly filled, bread replenished.Outside seating looked cold in the evening, so bring a jacket. Inside is chaotic and noisy as the host increases the music volume and sings along. It's a tight fit to sit inside, but totally worth it.
This place has the best authentic Italian seafood I've ever eaten. It's a local mom & pop joint and the service was superb. The waitress was patient with us as she explained Italian dishes we've never heard of and didn't mind the fact that my brother kept asking for more bread...lolNow the food was amazing! For the appetizer, we got Benita's baccala, which is a spread for your bread (hehe rhymes). It's a good start to get your taste buds ready for the more savory main course. However, the yelp pictures of this dish don't quite do it justice. It didn't look that paste-y in real life. For the main course me and my brother shared the cioppino and I have to say, I agree with their claim that they have "the best damn cioppino!". The tomato sauce was so delicious. The only tomato sauce I've ever had would be from a jar, but this..oh man you could tell it was home made. It didn't have a lot of that acidic taste because there were no preservatives, it was a thin sauce with tomato chunks, and it was bursting with flavor! Besides pairing real well with all the seafood is came with it, I took some of the sauce and ate it with the seafood risotto my mom ordered. So good! xD! And the seafood risotto was also really good! Just be sure to try a portion of it first before the cioppino because the sauce in the cioppino overpowers the risotto.As I looked around, however, I saw most people chucking at oysters or clams. Maybe next time I'll try it too since it's also their specialty.Anyways, I definitely want to come back here when I'm in SF again! ^.^
As you might have read in other reviews, its all about the Cioppino in Sotto Mare. Its hard to describe but its just so gooooooooooooooood....so good. there is a wait since its a small restaurant but the wait will be worth it.
WHAT A CONFUSING NIGHT.5:30 -- I call to make a reservation for 4. No reservation available, but walk-ins allowed. No problem.8:00 -- We arrive and are quoted a 30-min wait by a hostess with an attitude. Annoying treatment, but we follow her recommendation and get drinks across the street.8:30 -- The pager goes off and 2 of us go see the hostess while the other 2 pays the bill and downs their drinks. Hostess tells us she can't seat us without everyone there, even though she knows they're right behind us. She seats another party at our table and says we're off the list.8:35 -- Hostess berates the people waiting to get seated, pissing EVERYONE off. We are not sure what we did to deserve this attitude.8:40 -- Hostess offers everyone a glass of wine and apologizes for the wait.8:45 -- Hostess seats us at the bar, then immediately offers seats downstairs that just opened up.8:55 -- We order 3 orders of the sand dabs and 1 seafood linguini. The basement is ridiculously loud and crowded.9:15 -- We get 3 huge platters of sand dabs -- like 7 fillets each, and a huge plate of seafood linguini. Everything is amazing and actually worth the earlier abuse.10:00 -- We finish engulfing our food and pay the tab, leaving a nice tip for the lovely waitstaff. No sighting of bipolar hostess on our way out.
Fantastic! As promised. The Cioppino was just the right amount of spice, loaded w/the sea. Just perfect. Another in our party took on the Sole and it was cooked to perfection. The staff is friendly, helpful and quickly guide you to your table. We highly recommend. Well worth the wait.
This place was hilarious. The whole night was a mess, but a tasty one, and for that I award you four stars.Getting a table here on any night is a clusterfuck. The hostess at the front was the Megatron of hostessing, as in she was a robot and yelled a lot. And could transform into a Walther P38. We were given a buzzer. It went off while my party was across the street, finishing up drinks. I ran over to try and reserve our spot. No can do, shouted Megatron, everyone needs to be here. They show up five minutes later and our table has been given away.Something really rustles Megatron's jimmies at this point because all of a sudden she's SHOUTING. The whole front doorway is packed with bodies and the sudden influx of people has fried our poor hostess's circuits. She kicks like three couples out, then rushes off, muttering. Lolque?She returns, much calmer this time. She has found seating for all the remaining guests. She also grabs two bottles of wine and starts indiscriminately handing out glasses to everyone left, ostensibly as an apology for wigging out just minutes earlier. This is just as weird as when she flipped out in the first place. But now we have wine so whatever.We finally get seated and order 3 sand dabs and 1 seafood linguini. No one warned us that each plate of sand dabs came with 35 sand dabs, and there is way too much food to finish. They were light, fresh, and delicious. The seafood linguini is packed with residents of the sea, and perfectly seasoned. It was actually good enough to negate the earlier abuse from Megatron. We finally paid and left, two hours after we first arrived. It was a very aggressive, very delicious meal. If nothing else, the hostess has a lucrative career as a dominatrix should she ever choose to stop berating people for fun and get paid for it instead.
Went here for lunch one day. Very cute atmosphere. Ordered the Seafood Risotto. $19. DELISH. Huge portion - was stuffed - and the ratio of risotto and seafood was perfect. Normally places are cheap with the amount of seafood but this dish had a delicious amount of scallops, shrimp, clams, mussels, squid, and I don't even know what else. But the seafood tasted fresh and it was one heck of a dish. If you are looking for a stronger kick flavorwise - maybe try the cioppino instead.  But I loved the risotto. The service was awesome as well! Left with a very happy tummy. Can't wait to be back!
This is for the owner or the older woman who is the main hostess. If I could give a minus for your attitude I would. I have been excited to try this place for awhile now. Even though my friend and I were going to have a 45 min wait to eat here & be late for a bday party at Budhha Lounge, we were still willing to wait and try the food. This owner and/or hostess was rude right off the start to to my friend, who simply asked politely after standing awhile in the door way without being greeted, if we could put our names down. This lady stopped in her tracks and acted annoyed and told my friend, YES! in a stern voice and said Wait!!! I gave my friend a look like wow???? So when this lady was finally able even though it seemed she acts more stressed than the situation calls for, I went up and put my name down. Ok, so we let that slide even though she eventually she said as though we were bothering her, it would be a 45 min wait....We left for around 45 min. and came back. I went in to ask that same lady, if our names had been called cause we went further than the pager/vibrator distance thing allowed. She was erasing something on her notepad and I waited til she was done and looked up to ask and she said NO with a temper! Like she was annoyed. Okay??? Then I asked if she knew approximately how much longer? I asked in a polite manner. She got upset and said she didn't know and put her hand up and said, "I erased something cause you were talking!" I said, "I believed you were finished." She looked up confused. I said, "You know what, I want my credit card back!" (I had to give that 45 min prior in order to have the pager she offered) She all of a sudden, puts a nice fake face on and says, "Oh...Nise Russo, right? Oh that'll be 8-9 minutes." I demanded my credit card back yet again and told her Look, I am Italian too and probably have a worst temper, I refuse to spend my money here, not when I am treated this way when we were the ones waiting to here!" She seemed shocked and FINALLY gave my credit card back to me!????? I am an easy going person til someone is rude or keeps pushing me. I didn't like how after I asked the first time for my credit card back, she suddenly acted nice and somehow knew there was only 8-9 minutes left for our wait after a very HARSH NO was said before and throwing her hand in my face was so unnecessary! If this is how she treats her customers, I feel sorry for her employee's!!! If she is not the owner, then this woman needs to be fired! I will never attempt to eat here. We went to Calzone's and got right in, more spacious atmosphere, and people who know how to greet politely and treat their customers like gold. I WELCOME THE OWNER OR THAT LADY (If you can even call her that because she does NOT act lady -like) TO REPLY TO MY COMMENT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! If you are the owner, SHAME ON YOU! If you are just part of the staff, you need to be fired before you give this place a bad name!
Everything here is awesome! Beware that I am a huge seafood fan so I am quite biased. I'd recommend getting the house specialty, Cioppino. It's $35, but if you share, it's totally worth it. Actually, I'd give you props if you could finish that whole pot of food yourself. Other items our group got include scallops and different pasta dish, but I wouldn't say they are anything special. We had clams and oysters as appetizers and I think they are good items to share with a large group. The service here is a bit off because the waitresses were rushing in and out and didn't really stop by much to ask how we were doing. Overall, def come here for the seafood.
Spent a few days in San Francisco last week with family. Everyone wanted Italian and this place rocked! We had 7 in our party and soon as we were seated, we received great service and great food. The Risotto with seafood was tasty and had plenty of mussels, shrimp and scallops. My son had the pasta with pomodoro sauce and cleaned his plate with a smile. Everyone was complimenting the food and service. The prices were great. Best meal we had in San Francisco during our stay.
First and foremost, the atmosphere of this place is fantastic. I felt like I stepped into little Italy. The owner sat me and waited on me. He was kind and full of wonderful stories. I had the sandabs which proved to be out of this world delicious. The fish was light and tasty. Overall, this was wonderful and I will most def be going back
Awesome service and great cioppino. If you're in North Beach do yourself a favor and come here for a drink and some great seafood.
fresh sweet seafood. large portions. but also, the staff is so charming and nice. the awning outside makes you think it's a swanky place. however, when you walk in, you realize, it's casual seafood house that has a mom n pop feel. i'd make a reservation so you're not cramped by the door waiting for a table. we got the seafood salad: dung crab meat, big shrimp and bay shrimp on a bed of shredded iceberg lettuce, with a dressing similar to 1000island. then of course, we got the cioppino: mussels, clams, more crab, more jumbo shrimp! i'd say it's big enough to share for 3 people, along with some apps. SAVE THE BREAD!!! you'll need it for sopping up all the tomatoey goodness that'll leave a orangey-red ring around your mouth because you couldn't eat it fast enough.
Very big portions, taste was decent, i got the seafood linguine. Lots of seafood in there... Calimari and shrimp with the creamy and tomato sauce. Their wine selection and quality is a joke... Really bad wine. It was super crowded and i got the feeling its where a lot of tourists go
An eccentric owner and a bib for the mess you'll create eating crab cioppino = an interesting dining experience.The reviews about the cioppino here are true - It's delicious! Warm, perfectly flavored broth, clams, mussels, and TONS of crab. I wish I could remember how the cioppino at Tadich Grill tasted, but it's been too long since I ate there to make a comparison. Either way though, I thoroughly enjoyed it. Make sure you don't wear white when you go, though, since hand-cracking crab covered in red broth is quite messy. Bonus points for the bib, though. 3 out of the 4 of us got the cioppino, and after creating a huge mess, we all left uber-full and satisfied.Our other friend had a fish, whose name I cannot remember... Dabs? Something along that line. She got a huge plate of about 8-9 lightly seasoned fillets. The fish was very soft and melted in your mouth. Pretty good stuff!The owner here was an interesting guy. As he led us down the stairs to the dining section downstairs, he started talking about all of the memorabilia on the wall, and also told us that if we hold a fund raiser, he'll buy the food. Yup, that's right. Not sure if he'll keep his word, though. Wait... Where did this fund raiser talk come from? Do we look like the kind of people who hold fund-raisers?Anyway.. after that, he shows us a laminated green paper that explains how the restaurant does NOT serve dessert or espresso. He says it's unhealthy for someone his age, so he doesn't want his customers eating too...To top it all off, towards the end of our meal, he tells my friend that she's eating her cioppino all wrong and REACHES into her plate and grabs a piece of crab out, showing her how she should crack it. WTF??? 0_o? Umm... I really hope his hands were clean.5 stars for food, minus one star for the owner reaching into my friend's plate lol.
Best sand dabs ever! A bit noisy and the kitchen staff does not seem to try to keep it down. The clam chowder was amazing. If you get the crab cocktail, ask for the sauce on the side. Reservations always a good idea.
I am definitely a fan and I don't even really like seafood. The grilled sand dabs were delicious. I don't like my fish soft and the sand dabs were soft but still so good. There was a crunchiness to the skin which was a nice complement to the fish. The clam chowder was yummy, nothing too special but they do have a good amount of clams. Also got the pasta and the risotto. There was lots and lots of seafood in the risotto. If like seafood, come here for good quality at an affordable price.PS: The service here is really great.
Holy crap.Yep, this place is pretty good. The Cioppino is like a treasure trove of magical ocean goodness. Every scoop is a surprise-- will it be big shrimp, little shrimp, crab, squid, clams, mussels, scallops, penne? Who cares, its all amazing! Could not get enough of the broth either. We also loved the Crab Louis salad. I don't think you could have a bad dish here; they really let the fresh seafood flavors shine. Not the smallest check ever-- $110+ tip for four people (we gorged ourselves too, for the record) but absolutely worth it for the quality.Don't listen to the reviews knocking the service-- we had a reservation (they accept for parties over 3) and when our table wasn't immediately ready the hostess poured us all complimentary glasses of wine and apologized profusely. So yea, there's no issue with rudeness here.
My wife and mother ate here earlier this week after reading the glowing reviews and I have to agree with all of the 5 star reviews! This family run old school Italian/seafood restaurant is a winner!! From the moment we entered 10 minutes early for our reservation and offered a glass of wine (compliments of the manager) as we waited to the amazing meal, I would highly recommend Sotto Mare.
Sorry to be brief...Went here for lunch 2/21/12 11AM. Plenty of parking! Plenty of tables! VERY PERSONALIZED SERVICE from the big guy and the sweet elderly lady(Gigi's in-law)Ordered Cioppino for my folks and linguini white sauce w/Manila clams.Excellent!!We were treated as family, fed like family, left full like family.I will be going back.When you go, be mindful of what time of day it is. North beach is no joke when it comes to parking so be smart.No coffee, no meat, no chicken, no dessert......
Totally memorable experience at Sotto Mare yesterday evening. Here are my tips:1 - Don't come dressed up and expecting any pretenses. This is a family run seafood restaurant that is fairly cozy - bumpin' butts and bibs kind of joint in North Beach. Our server and hostess made it very clear that this restaurant values good food but wants you to eat and get the hell out! We loved it - they don't serve coffee or dessert, just AMAZING, quality seafood.2 - Do expect quality seafood, and only seafood. Everything is fresh. Nothing is fried. The only meat they serve is a bit of bacon in the clam chowder. 3 - Do GET THE CIOPPINO. Amazing. Perfect broth and worth every penny of $38. Bursting with crab, scallops, mussels, clams, shrimp, penne. Fantastic.4 - We had the steamed mussels/clams, scallops, and seafood risotto and we loved everything. 5- We dropped $110 on the dishes above plus 1 beer (plus $20 for tip) but we left very very satisfied. I will so be back. 6 - Very important - DO GET A RESERVATION. We did, and we savored the hateful stares of those waiting in line.
If I was to commit a heinous crime and were to be locked away or possibly shot at dawn, I would request that Sotto Mare be my last meal. For the love of God, the amount of crab on that Crab Louie made me want to call it quits and devote my life to washing their dishes just so I could be around it. And eat it. Forever.
I had had a hankering for seafood for a few weeks, so when the fam came up to the city before Christmas I knew it was the perfect time to cash in on this craving. But where to go? I always rule out Fisherman's Wharf (eek) for anything because I'm not a tourist. So naturally, I turn to Yelp.Obviously, Sotto Mare seemed legit from right off the bat because of it's name. I'm thinking, it has the Italian word for 'Sea' in it so that must mean something. And duh, my instincts were right.Half dozen west coast (read: HUGE) oysters to start? Boom, done.I had the Linguine with seafood which is all I had wanted for what felt like ever. Creamy, buttery white sauce over an assortment of shellfish, shrimp, and squid topping a bed of perfectly cooked noodles...I was about it. ALL about it. And the wall decor was North Beach kitschy, not to mention the Christmas decorations were adorable. I can't wait to go back. Next time I'll definitely try this infamous crab cioppino!
Dear Luisa, You are the most rude, crass human being I have ever encountered. You make people wait in a large crowd in a small space while waiting for a table, and yell at them when someone leaves the door open. WAKE UP, the space is so small that they are being pushed out. You yell at your customers and treat them with disrespect. Your food is decent (at best), but who let this drunk, classless woman run the front of the house? I have made a personal mission to inform every individual and media outlet about you and how revolting an experience you make your customers go through. Go back to the trailer park that you came from and learn some manners. DEAR YELPERS: DO NOT EAT HERE. I had been several times before and found it a place to eat while I was in the neighborhood. I went here last night and was appalled at the hostess's behavior. She was yelling (no exaggeration) at customers. I was so disgusted with the way that she was treating these people that I left. No good food is worth that behavior, and to be honest, the food here is not that good. I have never, ever seen someone in the service industry treat others this way. There are millions of other restaurants in this city that have unique, delicious food and they do not belittle their customers. Do yourself a favor, and avoid this trashy dump.
Have you ever heard the saying,"You can't rush perfection."? That's why it's taken me so long to write a review for Sotto Mare. Not because my review is going to be perfection, but because Sotto Mare is Perfection!(and I didn't want to write them a crummy review!) Simply put- Sotto Mare is my favorite everything. Favorite Seafood, Favorite Risotto, And believe it or not my fellow Yelpers, possibly my favorite RESTAURANT in San Francisco period! Yes, my favorite restaurant in ALL of SF! I swear to you, I love coming here for the oysters, the fish, the cioppino, the crab, even the pasta- You name it, I've tried it here at Sotto Mare, and I've loved it all. I even made it a special point to take my whole family to Sotto Mare for my 'Birthday Dinner' this year...The staff members are all incredibly friendly at Sotto Mare. They reel off an extensive list of fresh seafood they just got in a few hours ago when you order- it usually sounds like this,"Ok we just got in a fresh fish from half way around the world- it super fresh, it took them only 4 hours to get here, so it's fresh, and the fish has been here for 15 minutes, it's very fresh!" Also, they joke and rib you a few times if you ask for anything other than seafood! "Do you have chicken or beef?" "We don't do chicken or beef!" lol It can be fun visiting Sotto Mare with friends and checking out their wall of photos and memories throughout the years, and if you're lucky you can check out the fresh fish chest! Pretty cool stuff. If you go, I do recommend you get the Risotto. This has always been my favorite dish at Sotto Mare, and like I said before, it is perfection. Dress attire is casual, reservations are accepted, price range is $20-$30 a person depending what you order. If you're driving to Sotto Mare for the first time, you may miss it- but the address is correct. It says 'Gigi's Italian Oysteria' on the outside, but this is the place. Have a blast when you go, enjoy the most delicious seafood you'll find in all of San Francisco, and don't be surprised when you fall in love with Sotto Mare!
I want Sotto Mare so bad right now. Every time I go it keeps getting better and better.
seafood? seafood? SEAFOOD!Sotto Mare, although at times a tourist hotspot, it definitely still maintains that local hangout demeanor. Firstly, CIOPPINO! Yes, it's that amazing. A huge tub of perfectly cooked seafood ranging from dungeness crab to mussels, to shrimp and everything in between. The broth is excellent because it has been simmering in a dutch oven pot for that perfect amount of time. This dish was an automatic favorite for my girlfriend and me. It was such a hit that my girlfriend went scouring the internet for the recipe and she found it! saveur.com/article/Recip This dish is honestly a must try for anyone who sets foot in San Francisco. Secondly, the decor here is simply wonderful, amazing nostalgic decorations which create a very comfortable and homey feel.Overall, highly recommendedPros:- Delish food- Amazing cioppino- Great decorCons:- A little pricey- Hard to find parking in North Beach
I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!! This is my go to place when I'm craving cioppino ($27) or just good Italian seafood dishes. There is no such thing of skimping out on seafood at this place. I was talking to the nice lady who i believe was gigi herself and she told me that the broth for the cioppino takes at least 3 days to make and the seafood is freshly purchased every morning at the pier. I always feel welcomed here and the customer service is so friendly and they literally treat you like family. This is truly a must go place Ive also tried the chef special seafood pasta and OMG I swear there is so much seafood you wont even finish it. The proportion at this place is huge!Overall please try this place out you wont regret it, great food for a good price!
This place is definitely worth the wait. We sat at the counter and were intrigued by all the action in the kitchen. We gad the cioppino which was outstanding. The service was great too.
Sotto Mare is my favorite restaurant in North Beach. Its home to the Best Chippino ever!!! Every meal I have had has been absolutely delicious. Chippino $38 - broth is amazing. It has an amazing tart, tomato, cream flavor that keeps you wanting more. All you will want to do is sop that broth up with the bread! The seafood inside - Oh Boy!! They are generous with their portions. Fresh seafood thats been marinating in the broth. Its to die for.Im seriously salivating as I type!!!Boston Clam Chowder $6.50 - The bowl was not enough for me. I needed more of this chowder. It was amazingly creamy. There were quite a few clam chunks that tasted great. Best clam chowder I have had.Linguine w/Seafood $17 - amazing, once again. Pasta was cooked just right and the plate was filled with all different types of seafood. From squid to clams, mussels, crab etc. It was a seafood fiesta!! The sauce is what makes it. Creamy and full of flavor.The customer service is great. They are all very friendly and make you feel like you belong. Whenever I go I feel like I am in the know of one of the best kept secret for tasty seafood.
Chose this as the first meal in our vacation to San Francisco and raised the bar much too high for the other restaurants we tried so none could quite match the amazing meal we had there. Never had cioppino before but it was delicious and huge. One of the best clam chowders in the entire area. Loved the decor and the zip-line thingy in the kitchen.
Love the family style, love the environment and of course the food! Get the cioppino and flesh clam!!
The short wait was worth it! Our hostess was very pleasant and the glass of red wine while waiting on a chilly night was warm and helped to pass the time. My wife & I shared the Ultimate Cioppinno and it was amazing and more than enough for the both of us. The waitress was GREAT and we loved her enthusiasm and felt a part of a BIG family. I was foolish enough to ask about dessert & got a laugh at the response of the staff :-)
Believe the hype!Now I haven't had cioppino and risotto in every other seafood restaurant in SF, but this was one of the best I've ever had. This is an amazing little restaurant/ seafood counter bar that looks like it's been a San Francisco institution for decades (but only since 2007). The wait on a Saturday night was about 45 minutes, but they let you walk around the block with a pager. The hostess (possibly the co-owner) was extremely friendly, even under the pressure of a packed house. We were seated at the charming marble counter in front of the dishwashing station. As others have said, it gets noisy with clanging plates and yelling crowds, but I think it fit the ambiance just right. Go here without the expectation of a formal dinner, but more like a regular neighborhood restaurant.The baccala cod spread tasted so yummy over the sourdough bread.Seafood risotto was to die for - perfect consistency and flavor. Adding the cioppino sauce over it made it even more heavenly. Huge portion for $19.Cioppino was pretty amazing - plenty for 2 to share at $35. Filled with crab, mussels, clams, shrimp, and scallops, over penne.Sand dabs were good, just a little lacking in any flavor. Needed some more powerful seasoning or something - this was the only slight letdown of the dinner.Waitress was friendly and treated us like regulars. She was quick to see when we needed something.Definitely coming back to this hidden gem. Take a short step off the touristy Columbus Ave and go here!
I would give -10 rating if I could.Called politely to ask if they are going to be busy. The response from woman on the phone taking reserveration was, verbatim: "You know I can't predict the future."And these people are in service industry? GOOD GOD!!!
3.5 stars, really, bumping up to 4 because I'm in a good mood right now ;)I was a little worried of what my experience would be here after reading all the reviews about how people experienced rudeness, but I'm happy to say our group didn't get any of that from the servers. First off, this place is pretty tiny. The main dining room upstairs is long and skinny and will not fit large parties. If you have a party of 7 like we did you will be stuck in the dungeon downstairs, where it is hot and doesn't seem to have any air circulation. We were all sweating while eating, which kinda sucked, but I must say the food was pretty good. I have never tried cioppino before so I really don't have a frame of comparison, but Sotto Mare's was fantastic. Lots of seafood in there and the flavor of the soup base was excellent! Sand dabs were just alright, nothing special about them. The house special linguini was just as good as the cioppino. The pasta was perfectly cooked and well, pink sauce just makes everything good!Service wasn't rude, but it was a little slow. It took awhile for us to get the attention of a server and it took forever to get what we asked for. If there is any room for improvement, it's here.
I came in w a group of 10 to celebrate my friend's birthday. Everything seemed great and the food was actually super delicious!! We were surprised to find out they don't do dessert???We are pretty much a group of servers and know the business...So much to our surprise, we were informed by some rude employee (might have been the manager) that we were rude to the server???? I'm sorry! We don't tolerate that in our profession..so why would we conflict that to any other In the same profession/position as us?!?!?!!!I can nitpick the specifics in the faultiness of the service given to us, but I don't want to actually do that!!! Needless to say the service wasn't great or perfect!! (And again we understood because we are servers) I mean...when it's time to re-gear, please....re-gear! Don't wait for us to ask you to give us forks to eat our dinner... And if asking for new forks (after our old ones have been cleared) is considering us a problematic table...then I can't even imagine someone w special allergies or dietary conditions would even have to deal with....I just have to say... We are considering calling the BBB...Seriously... Who says "Happy Birthday! Get the FUCK out!!" ?????? My friend is still crying!! And that was 45 min ago!!!!I'm sorry!!! This is super unprofessional and I have never in my life seen or heard a restaurant act in such an unprofessional manner as they did... Super disappointed!!
Excellent seafood! At a great price!  Great service. Fun ambience. Small and always a line but that shows how good they are. They sometimes offer wine while you wait which is a nice touch. They have pagers that work around the block which is nice so you don't have to wait in a line. JR is an amazing host!  Haven't had any bad service and I have been here maybe 10 times.  Sand dabs and monk fish (which is not always there) are excellent!! They do take credit cards. It always amazes me restaurants who don't.  Highly recommend.
Wow, this was an amazing meal. My girlfriend and I stopped here for a late-night dinner, and initially it was a bit of an inauspicious start. The owner definitely doesn't like repeating himself or waiting for you to order, so do make up your mind quickly. That being said, it's hard to go wrong. We got ourselves an order of clam chowder; I wouldn't necessarily say it's worthy of the best chowders from the New England area, but it was definitely above average.But hands down, the entrees, in terms of quantity, pure heartiness, and taste, is probably the best damn Italian food I've had. I got the linguine with smoked salmon in alfredo sauce...wow, what a treat. First, they do NOT skimp on the salmon; you get your money's worth of salmon with the dish. The sauce is definitely on the heavier side, but it is full of flavor and goes very well with the smoky flavor of the salmon. My girlfriend got the seafood risotto, which she absolutely loved as well. I'm not a big a fan of risotto as she is, but I had a few bites, and it was delicious. You get a wide variety (and a LOT) of seafood in the dish, and the sauce is perfect with it as well.We couldn't finish the meal; we had to take it back to the hotel for completion later. But this was amazing, and the price, no less, is very good for what you are getting (I think both our dishes came in under the $20 mark). This was a real treat, and I'm not sure if I've dished out a 50% tip on food alone (the service was okay; the only thing that was good was that we got our food quickly), but it was definitely worth it. Yes, the place is a bit tacky with everything on the wall, but I came for some good Italian seafood dishes, and I most definitely got what I paid for. A must-visit for any lover of Italian or seafood.
disappointed. Nice atmosphere inside, limited choices for the menu and food was not that great. We should have gone for the Cioppino, as the pasta were heavy to digest. Seafood was nice, nothing exceptional though. Seems to me that the 4 stars is overrated.
Great atmosphere. Sit right at the bar and watch them prep. I recommend the cracked crab and oysters. Worth my walk from pier 39 for REAL seafood.
Wow, wow, wow. Like every other Yelper, I had seen the reviews for Sotto Mare and was intrigued -- 4 1/2 stars with that many reviews? Pretty stellar. When I've walked past it though, the outside didn't exactly call to me; it's very old-school, kind of dive-y looking from afar. Don't let the outside fool you though, this place is a serious gem (like everyone else has clearly discovered already). It has a Swan Oyster Depot-esque divey-ness about it; very old school San Francisco. My boyfriend and I popped in, intrigued by the menu and the ratings, and were seating at the bar where we were helped by friendly staff. We started with oysters shooters and a half dozen oysters before moving onto the main course. There are a number of dishes that look incredible (the seafood risotto was really calling my name), but we ended up ordering the cioppino to split. GREAT CALL on the boyfriend's part. When they say this is the best cioppino in town, they're not kidding. It's a huge bowl (definitely enough for two) and it's packed with deliciousness. Slap on the bib for good measure because it can get a bit messy! Like another reviewer said, this isn't the place to come if you're looking for an intimate Italian dinner for two but if you're looking for great food in a fun environment, this is hard to beat!
Busy spot. We were placed sitting at the bar counter which was a pity because there were four of us and it was difficult to have a conversation when you're sitting in a line. There were free tables but we were told they were reserved, (even though when we were leaving over an hour later the tables were still empty.) I had the seafood risotto, lots of shellfish. It was pretty tasty. My friend ordered the scallops and prawns. Also very tasty but the portion was tiny. It came with a few slices of carrot and two small pieces of broccoli so I ended up sharing a lot of my dinner.We ordered the house white wine with the meal, Pinot Griogio. It was terrible! And we didn't get an ice bucket, so the wine was left on the bar counter to get warm. We couldn't even finish it!The staff were friendly, although a little busy and frantic. It's a nice restaurant. We wanted a seafood restaurant and that's what we got.
Best. Cioppino. Ever. B has been telling me about this place for over a year. Due to some stroke of bad luck, we've been here twice and it's been closed both times. We've tried cioppino at other places, but I feel like what I had before compared to Sotto Mare's cioppino are just superficial imitations. We arrived before the dinner crowd on a Friday night, but finding parking in North Beach is always a pain. There was a little bit of a wait, since we didn't make reservations, but we were given a complimentary glass of house wine as we waited. Why doesn't everyone do this?? it makes for such happier customers. We sat at the bar and ordered the cioppino and also the seafood linguini. While we waited for our order we watched the cooks working magic behind the bar and got progressively more hungry. When our food arrived, the first thing i noticed is that the seafood to sauce/pasta ratio is ridiculous. As in, I've never been to a restaurant (except in B's kitchen) where they are so generous with the seafood. No complaints here!The cioppino was amazinggg. We had leftovers and even when heated up the next day and tossed with some extra pasta, it was still delicious. Craving cioppino? Sotto Mare's is the place.
Not only is the service terrible (even for a touristy place), my most recent experience was awful. After the waitress told us they were out of clams that night and I told her I was highly allergic to them, our meal came with a few clams (which we didn't realize until after we ate most of it)! When we advised her she said, "well I wrote it down so I don't know what else to tell you". That's it. No formal apology and no compensation for a very very serious mistake.
While the food was tasty, they greeted us very rudely at reception. When asked about it, their answer was that they do not care since there will always be a line at the door.
I have been here twice. The most recent was on 1/21/12. Both times we came around 4-5pm and were able to get a table right away. If you don't make a reservation, you still have a good chance of getting a table if you come before 5pm. When we left around 6pm there were a group of people waiting outside for a table. The restaurant is narrow and there isn't a lot of seating; a few tables and a bar that faces the kitchen. It may not be good for large groups. We came in a party of four, but I think that is the largest that would comfortably sit together. The open kitchen is fun as you can see the cooks in action. Nice little place my in-laws loved. Great for bringing out of town guests. We ordered the Cioppino both times, and added a large bowl of clam chowder the second time. The Cioppino is enough for two people. If you are really hungry, you might want to add a soup or appetizer. Cioppino:This is excellent. I definitely recommend ordering this. The seafood is very fresh, and they give you a lot of it. The broth/sauce that its cooked in is flavorful but not overbearing. The pasta is tender and fresh. Tip: keep the lid on the pot while you're eating to keep it hot. It makes a difference. Clam Chowder:Good. Lots of fresh clams, creamy, good flavor. But not the reason I come here. Bread: Every time we've come here, we are surprised at how not good the bread is, because everything else is so delicious. I understand that their focus is seafood, but how hard would it be to get better bread? It's so dry and tastes like day-old bread. The butter packets that come with it are really good and I like to butter the bread and dip it into the Cioppino. It's really not important, but I just wanted to say it. Summary:Cioppino: 5/5Clam Chowder: 4/5Bread: 2/5Bottom line: *Order the Cioppino when you go*Keep the lid on to keep it hot and tasty*Don't judge the place by its bread*Plan to have desert somewhere else - they don't serve it
My wife and I shared the "Best Damn Cioppino". What an amazing dish?! Our waitress (Shelly) said people drink the sauce. I was suspicious, but willing to go for her recommendation. If you go foe the first time, I highly recommend the cioppino. The flavors were incredible. The seafood linguini is very similar, but for $2 more per person crab is added. Let me tell you, you don't want to miss the crab. On top of awesome food and great service, Tony Bennett sat right behind us. Talk about a fun night.
ordered crab cocktail salad--- a little bit too much cocktail sauceclam chowder--decent. big pieces of clamred snapper with tomato sauce and capper--a little too saltygrilled sand dab--very good. I love it.service is good and we got seated very quickly.I would avoid the basement part next time. seat on the upper level is much better even if it's at the counter.surprise to find that they don't serve desert
Warning - This is NOT a quiet, romantic restaurant... it's loud, it's small, but it is THE real deal if you are seeking old school Italian seafood...Oyster shooter apps were great... as were the clams.Best of the entree's was the Seafood Risotto... an intoxicating mix of clams, calamari, shrimp, prawns & bay scallops... huge portion!Sole was sublime & perfect as it gets...No desserts here, so walk around the block to Gelatto Classico for the best Gelatto in San Fran!
I had never heard of Cioppino before in my life. Now, I wonder how that could even be possible! My college roommate and her husband came into town and swore that we had to try Cioppino. I had no idea what they were talking about, but thanks to Yelp, we found Sotto Mare. It was amazing. We ordered the Cioppino (about $27) and the seared scallops (about $19). The scallops were perfect. Seriously... never had them that tender, juicy and almost raw in my life. The sauce that went with it was fantastic. Full of garlic and chili's and was just the perfect combination. The waitress was very insistent that we don't touch the Cioppino until the scallops were done. Mainly so that it didn't get cold. They were so adamant about everything! It was like they were protecting their baby, and they had to make sure that it was eaten lovingly. It comes in a huge bowl and is enough to feed 3 people, if you have another dish/ 2 people, if that's all you order. It's basically a seafood soup with crabs, scallops, penna pasta, mussels, calamari... the list goes on. The only reason this place lost a star with me is that they crushed the crabs into the soup, and so I found myself biting down on a crab shell once in a while. I chipped by tooth a bit... Nothing too bad, but still... It's just not a pleasant experience. But the taste is fantastic. The staff are warm and friendly. There is an old man there that won't stop telling jokes. He even came back after we had paid for more jokes, so I think he was happy with the tip. This small, hole in the wall is a fantastic find, and I can't wait to come back here! I'll just chew a bit more carefully.
Horrible service..Went here with my family.. The hostess, if you want to call her that, WAS SUPER RUDE! to the point that my father walked out and was so disappointed. I saw all the great reviews for this place so I insisted on trying it out..The servers were rude and the place was LOUD! We ordered the scallops , the sand dabs, penne, and the seafood risotto... Food was ok.. will I go there again? Nope! service was horrible!
Cioppino. What more can be said? They always offer wine when there is a wait. More bread to dip into said crab cioppino? Definitely. A somewhat dorky bib while I dive into a sea of mussels and shrimp in my crab cioppino? Yes--it adds to the experience. I usually come with my date and order wine and sit at the counter. A great place for a casual, yummy dinner.
This place is great! When I think of classic Oyster bars, I think of Sotto Mare with their beautiful marble top bar. Like many SF eateries, this place is narrow and deep. The owner is a hoot and super friendly. It is easy to see why people keep coming back. The seafood is fresh and delicious. I had the scallop and prawn dish, at the recommendation of our server and I snarfed it down, in no time flat. We ordered a bottle of Montepulciano and the place has a nice selection of beer and wine. The service was leisurely, but this is the kind of place that really encourages you to stick around a while and enjoy your food slowly. Unlike so many other places close by, you never feel rushed at Sotto Mare. Don't plan on dessert or coffee when you come here, although the owner does make a few recommendations for places to hit, after dinner, for coffee, apertifs and desserts. This is not a five star joint and it is nicely casual, but don't let that fool you with the food. It is excellent and I would definitely come back if I was in the area. It was a quick walk from my hotel and if you are near the wharf, this is a great place to try out, that is off the tourist path.
OMFG. Really it's perfectly possible, reasonable, and illuminating to begin and end this review with that bit of internet-ese. I have no idea what else is on the menu, but some mouthy girl at a wine bar across the street told me to go there and get the cioppino (inorite - wtf is THAT).Don't worry about it. Lesson to be learned: do whatever the mouthy blonde girl at the wine bar across the street says. Go there. Get it. These ARE the fucking droids you're looking for.
My boyfriend and I got the cioppino. I can't say anything that anyone else hasn't already said, so I'll focus my review on the things others perhaps have left out.The first aspect that struck me about the restaurant, which continued throughout our dining experience, was the classiness. I don't mean five waiters per person or crystal glasses classy, I mean the type of classy, the type of hospitality, that can only really exist in old establishments-- in restaurants, and homes, that continue traditions from a time when there was no such thing as cutting corners. We were given glasses of house wine while we waited to be seated. The bowls for cioppino come out hot, so your food stays warm. Fresh, crusty bread replenished constantly. Wine served generously, beer served in a big sloppy pint glass that is, of course, not too sloppy.Friendly, domestic service with feel-good, jazzy music and proud smiles all around. And what's not to be proud of? If I were a tomato, I'd want to die here. If I were a sea-dwelling animal, I'd also want to die here. If I didn't eat seafood, I'd change my mind-- a seafood massacre in tomato-based broth never brought so much delight.My boyfriend and I wobbled home from the sweet intoxication of the best cioppino I've ever had, even having eaten cioppino my whole life. I'm at home now, and feel drunk-- like I should drink a bunch of water and mass text my friends.... and it wasn't even oily!!
Yowza the cioppino is so good! The broth is super tasty and is chock full of seafood morsels. I've only had cioppino a couple times, but this place definitely serves it the best. We also get the risotto, which is very good as well - rich, creamy, with lots of seafood. Even my friend who does not like seafood indulged himself. I wish that their bread was better because the sauces are so delicious and demand being sopped up with good bread. All of our bread so far has been hard to bite and chew. I've been here a couple times with friends and most recently for our anniversary. It's great for medium and smaller sized groups. The atmosphere is lively, and the decor is fun. It's located very conveniently for public transpo as well. I will come back if I get the chance!
I went in the late afternoon for lunch so there wasn't a crowd or anything, but I can see how easily the small restaurant could get very crowded very quickly.I don't have much to say about this place other than that it was DELICIOUS!You could taste how fresh the seafood was... Everything was cooked to perfection. (We got the risotto and scallops) The staff was incredibly friendly and attentive. When we walked in they told us, "Make yourself at home." It was great. Amazing hole in the wall place. Five stars.
3.5 stars I've never had Cioppino so yeah it was good but I think I am just not a fan of thick tomato based soups so it was ok for me. I actually loved their clam pasta and the dish that's named after the owner's mom starts with a B, a cod fish spread, that was good! Clam chowder is solid but it needed to be hotter, came out luke warm. I would go back. Oh and the waiter was very attentive and nice.
Really good Italian and seafood, and it gets five stars because it's not super pricey. Just solid, fresh, and tasty.
AMAZING!!!! I feel that no review that I write can do this place justice. I came here on both my trips to San Francisco and plan to return as soon as I can. The cioppino is out of this world!!! Big enough for two to share and full of fresh, flavorful seafood and penne pasta in a spicy broth. West Coast oysters were so fresh and delicious, I could have eaten 100!!! Great service, down to earth atmosphere,and phenomenal food. I've also had the steamed mussels and fettuccine alfredo with scallops.  Both wonderful, but I would hihgly recommend the cioppino on your first visit to Sotto Mare! I can not wait to go back!!!!
The fresh seafood is decent and expensive. The service is terrible! My boyfriend & I came here based on these yelp reviews thinking it must be great...sadly mistaken. (Maybe this is one of those places that pays for yelp reviews??) The hostess was rude & wouldn't look at us the entire 1.5 hour wait to sit down, she was too busy yelling at people & being surly. When we were finally seated at the bar we sat for 10 minutes before boyfriend had to get up & find us some menus because no one else offered us any. When the 'waitress' finally got to us she was more rude than the hostess! She was too busy to be bothered by us. She took our order, brought the food 30 minutes later & we never heard from her again. We had to flag her down to bring us our check. Awful service, really disappointed!Will not be coming back!
My friend had the huge responsibility of looking for a place for dinner on our weekend trip in San Francisco. Two criterias that had to be met was 1. Had to be seafood & 2. Had to have positive reviews on yelp. Long and behold, Sotto Mare.Unfortunately we weren't able to get reservations but we were informed that if we walk-in, it'll be about a 45 minute wait. Not too shabby. So from our hotel (InterContinental) in Union Square, we trekked on what felt like miles to the restaurant. We went through Union Square and all of its glory decked out for the holidays, through a long tunnel in a single file line, through the hustling and bustling of Chinatown and finally arriving at Sotto Mare. It was packed! I'm talking about people flooding outside the door. My friend went in to put his name on the waiting list. He had to WAIT to put his name on the waiting list. How about that for busy? The rest of us were outside trying to stay warm in the crisp cold air. Mind you from what we saw visually of the place, it was small and narrow. We didn't think we would ever get a table but after 15 minutes or so, we got our table! How, you ask? Well fortunately for us, someone called to cancel their reservation for a party of 7 and we just so happen to have a party of 6. I gotta say, I felt like VIP status walking in passing up all those people who were waiting before us. *pop collar*. As we were escorted to our table, I didn't see any tables available. Where were we going to sit? We walked all the way to the end of the room then TADA...stairway down. There were more tables downstairs. Pretty sneaky... =) We all started off with the clam chowder ($6.50). So, so good! I also had the smoked salmon ($8) appetizer as well. Wow! It was sliced thin and still packed a great fresh taste. For my entre, my BF and I shared "The Best Damn Crab Cioppino" ($38 enough for 2) w/ seafood and I'm not making it up. That's what it says on the menu and they're not exaggerating either. It was THE BEST DAMN CRAB CIOPINNO I ever had. It's the only I've ever had. Don't think I could have it anywhere else now. We pretty much emptied the pot it came in...well I think I did more of the emptying of the pot. It was some good stuff. I would love to go back next time we're in SF! Thank you Alex for finding it on yelp and thank you yelpers for your assistance as well, in locating this restaurant.
Quick order taking but food service took forever plus 5 minutes, oysters had off flavor, dabs OK but hardly memorable, and the pricing was way too speedy.
One word...Ciopinno!!!Whoa...I asked my server which one was better between the Risotto and the Ciopinno. The waitress started describing the Ciopinno and before she could finish I said "ill have that"Its a must have...Service is superb...I WILL BE BACK!!!
The food was great but dang Sotto Mare, shape up on your service. SERIOUSLY.So my bf's aunt recommended we try this place while visiting sf. I was excited at first because we are big seafood fans. This excitement quickly turned to confusion furthering down to pure bafflement -_-Our experience began with Gigi forgetting to give us a lobster transmitter. When we saw that others were holding one, we politely asked for a restaurant pager. Instead of apologizing for his mistake, he rudely scolded us loudly saying "you didn't answer when I asked you earlier!" whoa whoa. okay sir, you never asked us to begin with so don't start blaming us for your incompetence.We got seated in front of the kitchen area where the chefs prepare the food. Our faces started to get really hot because of the oily steam traveling to our faces. I asked to move to the vacant seats next to us but our waitress refused. I seriously didn't get what her deal was. It's not like she had to move anything on the table because nothing was served yet.We later requested for additional bread because we were hungry waiting a full 45 minutes for food(ridiculous I know). As we were asking, she abruptly walked away. Are you kidding me. Another waitress saw this and got the bread for us instead. Embarrassing how our waitress couldn't even competently perform her duties that another waitress had to pick up her slack...When we finally got our food, we noticed there were brussell sprouts in lieu of broccoli and carrots. When we asked our waitress, she responded, "oh I think it's cause we ran out" um..hello thanks for informing us ahead of time...we don't even like brussell sprouts..wonderful.The final straw was when I asked for my glass of water to be refilled. I SPECIFICALLY asked for hot water and she took my glass away and came back with a pitcher of ice cold water! Lady, are you kidding me? Wake up. Am I supposed to drink out of the pitcher with no cup? My bf and I were just baffled at this point. Their standard of service is simply preposterous. I personally found it difficult to enjoy the food when I was busy fixating on their lack of basic customer service. Sorry, will not be coming back or recommending this place to anyone I know.
Yelp, you've disappointed me. Big time.SeatingCasual, and empty. There were prob 4 other people in there when we went on a Saturday.DecorCouple pictures framed on the walls.ServicePreeetty bad. No greeting, and hardly any attention considering we were the only other table there. Def did not feel any friendliness here.FoodClam Chowder- Came in a less-than-fancy bowl with the soup spilled over the sides. Watered down, but I'll give the clams credit.Scallops- Came out with a buttered sauce along the bottom of the plate. Cooked well, I'll admit, but I couldn't eat too many of them.Risotto- Even you seafood lovers may not be pleased. I took 1 bite and I lost my appetite. The worst of them all.PriceTotal came out to $60ish with tip. Not. Worth. It.Sad about the excellent reviews versus the product itself. I wish I ended my SF trip with a bang, but just gotta learn from our mistakes! Good riddance, Sotto Mare!
My wife liked her "all in" dish (sorry can't remember the name) and I had the scallops. It's been two weeks ago now but I can still taste how delicious and melt-in-the-mouth they were. Worth every penny. Our friends made the reservations for us. Glad they did. The place was hoppin'.
My brother has tried to get me to come here when I visit him several times. All previous attempts to go here were a bust. Last Friday I was in town and my brother had "made" reservations and asked me and the BF to meet him there. We got there and they didn't have a reservation :( I don't know if I looked really disappointed or what but the really sweat lady in the front said she could get us in. (The place was packed and it was really late, sign on the door said closed.)We ordered some oysters, which I never say this, were sooooo good. I tasted the clam chowder, which I hardly ever like, and was so amazed that I kept stealing some from my BF. I ordered the seafood risotto - amazing! The seafood was fresh and oh so good. My mouth is watering just thinking about it. My brother and BF shared the ciopino (sp?) and they hardly said a word while eating.I am coming back here next time I visit.
WOW(in caps) is the only word i can think of to describe the amazing meal i had here at sotto mare. it was truly a seafood lover's dream come true to the nth power. we got here around 7:30p on a friday and was greeted by a short waitlist. no biggie. as we were waiting, the boss lady offered us wine. like complimentary. like free. like awesome! not long after that we got seats at the counter. ordered the cioppino, seafood linguine, and a bowl of clam chowder. the presentation had my undivided attention, but the deliciousness was what stole my heart. everything was perfectly seasoned so all the fresh seafood got to do all the talking. i will be back for you for you soon sotto mare!
Witty host/owner and waiter kept my mind entertained. Food satisfied my hunger, but didn't make my tongue do happy dances. House Salad - Pretty unexceptional: Shredded lettuce and tomato wedges with served with Thousand Island dressing. Steamed mussels - Fresh, but slightly overcooked (dry), and the accompanying broth was a bit bland. Ciopinno - Homey and fresh tomato sauce boiled down along with fish meat, making a hearty ciopinno sauce tossed in with a medley of shrimp, calamari, and about 1 crab. Risotto - Not cheesy enough for me, but might satisfy people's craving for some Italian style rice with a medley of seafood, but no crab. All and in all, Sotto Mare is a down-to-earth place with excellent service, and good food that's like a homecooked meal. Homey to me means healthier with less of that artery clogging fattiness that makes stuff YUM! $110 was the total for all of the above and a diet coke (served with crushed ice that frustratingly melded together and made it impossible for me to drink the last gulp . . .).
Words cannot describe how bad this place is...so I'll keep it short. Food = WAAAYYYY overratedService = Absolutely appalling...it's like they're going to get shot for having an ounce of niceness or customer service in them so they have none at all!!!Fellow Yelpers...You've let me down :(
Unbelievable, After looking at yelp and I see this Joint with all the excellent reviews with the excellent ratings I decide to call them to make A reservation for saturday night and I quote you the Entire Phone conversation with this Lady, Verbatim.....Hello Im calling to make Reservations for tomorrow night, Saturday,Were all booked up, Well would you like to know the Time, I dont Care, Huh, Whata do you mean Huh, I said were all booked up, Whats the matter with you, come on were a small place and were really busy right now,Well I wanted it for 830pm, Oh Ok then Whats your Name, Phil, Oh, My Last name is Res?????, I dont care about your last name because you might start dropping names that I dont wanna Hear.....Oh Ok, Whats your phone number, 408, ???????then I say I hope you are having a good night, Click, Im Not sure about you but I didnt even cancel my reservation for Im Scared I might get the 3rd Degree, I Ate Elsewhere, Sorry Sotto Mare but I could only imagine the Punch Line of the Night...Look at my Reviews for I never bad Mouth anyone but this was Over the Top.....
Pretty good seafood.
AMAZING Sea Food! My favorite is the Seafood Pasta, but there is not really a wrong choice. Everyone is pretty friendly, and service is fast. It is a fun and lively place! MUST VISIT IN SF!!!
The food is overrated by fans. The service is just okay. The place can get very loud. The food is a bit salty overall. Grilled Rex sole - Very goodCioppino - OKRisotto with seafood - OKLinguine with seafood, pesto sauce - OKI have better Italian food somewhere else before. There were four of us. Each paid $29. Prices are reasonable. If you have more than 3 people in your group, you can call for reservation.
Maybe the seafood is amazing - I dunno - but the pasta was just average. Bread was below average. Service and atmosphere were fine.yo yo
My favorite restaurant in San Francisco. Gigi makes it the best!
Great cioppino! Fun place! Complimentary wine while waiting...Minus 1 star for waiting 1 hour 45 min outside with no heating equip...
This is one of the few 3-star reviews I've given. But it's really a 3.5 star. I had the Cioppino. It's a house special and large enough for two, so my husband shared it. It was yummy! The server was slow to recognize us, but considering that they sat us down pretty quickly even though we didn't have a reservation, we have to give them a break. We weren't really in a huge hurry, so it was no big deal. The atmosphere is more homey and family-oriented than romantic. I am planning on going back here with some friends this week and looking forward to it. This time, I'll make a reservation. :)
amazing!We went here tired and a bit grumpy... Walked in the door and our moods immediately picked up from all the positive energy!We were seated at the bar by GiGi... Hilarious man by the way ...!Two minutes later he told us we were moving and the self-proclaimed 'worst waitress ever' (best waitress ever) got us two glasses of wine on the house...woohoo!Shortly after the food came!Hands down.. The best damn seafood linguine and risotto ever!!! Best dining experience ever.
Loved this restaurant! Would definitely make this a "must stop here" whenever we're in SF. We found this on Yelp and this delicious dinner actually got me to sign up on Yelp and Yelp for the first time!Had the crab cioppino and the linguine with seafood. We shared both and sat at the counter, which was fun, since you can watch the cook! I didn't even know what cioppino was but got it because of the rave reviews on Yelp. We had to eat every bit of it and wipe the pot clean with our bread!Louise was fabulous and told us the counter was fun for a first time visitor. She and all the waitresses (relatives, friends, niece, all college kids) had fabulous fun helpful personalities. The fantastic food, homey environment, fun and efficient staff makes this a great find (although I think everyone has already found it). We went on a Wednesday at 6 pm and there were lots of seats.They didn't serve dessert but that was OK because we were stuffed. We went down the block to Naia for gelato afterwards and were then too stuffed.It's easy to get to on the #30 bus, Stockton stop.
Very good with a different restaurant experience. The hostess is a bat-out-of-hell. She won't tolerate your crap so don't give her any. It's still a family run business...the owner's sisters-in-law (& their sons & grandsons) run the place & do it with spunk & pizazz! All fresh seafood - no meat/poultry. Small place with a long bar & various wall hangings & posters, photos, etc. My dining companions got the scallop fettuccine & the risotto of the day. Both were very impressed with their dishes. I ordered the "Best Dam Cioppino" ($33). It's enough for 2 people so I had leftovers that are very good the next day. However, I do have 1 complaint. Having eaten Cioppino - mixed seafood in a spiced tomato sauce - in Italy (Livorno, on the coast) the one at Sotto Mare is extremely good, but not true to its Italian roots. They serve it with penne pasta mixed in the seafood (?!) instead of the 2 slices of thick bread on the bottom (Italian way). I much prefer the bread on bottom as it soaks up some of the oil/sauce & is amazing to eat at the end of the meal. So...I used the table bread in my Cioppino instead of eating the penne & it was almost like being back in Italy. Worth the price, not even expensive if you split it with someone & get a salad as an app. The wine is ok...nothing to brag about unless you get 1 of the free glasses the hostess occassionally gives out to those waiting in line. This is my 2nd time & I've enjoyed both. I'd definitely take out-of-towners here for fresh seafood, especially over any of the places on Pier 39!
Had a Blue Cheese Wedge and shared a Cioppino. Wow, it lived up to the reviews, delicious. They do not serve desserts anymore. Great Restaurant.
Best Italian restaurant in San Fran yet. The ciopinno was excellent with tons of fresh seafood and a super good sauce. The linguine with seafood was also good. This is definitely a place to comeback to.
After doing a lot of searching for the best cioppino, we decided on this place due to the fact that it had the highest rating. We were cautious about trying this place because cause honestly yelp is helpful but can be very relative to the reviewer. Sotto Mare is very small. You'll need a dinner reservation for parties larger than 2. Not a great place for parties larger than 4 due to their galley style dinning room. Kind of noisey but the cioppino was amazing!!!! At 42 bucks for a soup tourine style presentation, the broth is flavorful and rich-- laiden with crab, mussels, clams, calamari, shrimp & scallops. All the savory fish for a proper cioppino. My only complaint is we ordered a house salad and it was a mound of iceberg lettuce finely sliced with tomato wedges to sparkle the edge of the plate. Iceberg lettuce is so not cool for a salad! Stick to the mainstays! Portions are large judging by the other meals we viewed by nearby patrons. Well worth the trip!!!!
This place was amazing. I mean it felt like you walked into a twilight zone of old San Francisco. I'm a true native of the city and frequent the Columbus Cafe and Gino Carlos and have never stepped foot in this restaurant but I will definitely be coming back. You get two starts alone for the ambiance alone. I loved all the pictures and trinkets around the place on and on the walls. So much history and tradition. We took a co-worker here for lunch because he had admitted to never having Cioppino. After doing a quick yelp search to see that on the menu they claimed to have The "Best Damn Crab Cioppino" we were on our way. We arrived about 12:30 on a Tuesday and the place was empty. The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because a big group came in and even though the place was empty that piled them on the tables right next to us which made our table very crowded which seemed unnecessary in an empty place.For starters our table ordered oysters, clam chowder and I had the house salad. I heard that the oysters and clam chowder were delicious but $6.50 for lettuce and tomato is not a good deal for the salad. Pass on that one.For entree 4 of us split 2 orders of The 'Best Damn Crab Cioppino' which could have easily fed 1-2 more people and it was fantastic!!! It definitely lived up to its name. Our waiter (which I'm assuming is the owner) let us know that all of the fish was delivered fresh that morning and you could tell. It was so amazing I thought I was going to have a Harry met Sally moment. Also the roll of paper towels located on every table helped to keep you clean during your feast.Our 5th person ordered the sand dabs which were also just fantastic. Words cannot describe the flavor and freshness of the fish. The were prepared simply to perfection.I loved that this was strictly seafood also. No chicken and no meat. All of the fish was prepared the same simple way in which fish should be enjoyed. No bells or whistles. Just amazing quality.Thank you Sotto Mare I will definitely be coming back.
05.25.13 with 3 othersDinner reservations at 6. We arrived early and didn't have to wait long before we got seated for our reservations. This place gets crowded so make sure you have reservations.Excellent as always, my go to place for Cioppino and Risotto. Service is always great and friendly here. and the owner always comes around to check on the tables to see if everything is okay.
Sotto Mare is a great little restaurant in North Beach. It's become a weekly tradition to eat dinner here. I'd recommend the sand dabs as a definite must have. The baccala as a appetizer. The steamers are damn good as well. Basically, everything has been fresh and tasty with big proportions. The service is friendly and on point. Always a good time here.
Wow is all I can say. Went here for the first time with my friend and we just loved the food! Totally put us in a food coma after eating. :P Read the good reviews and decided to check this place out and it was well worth it! Unique vibe to this restaurant with great tasting food!
The cioppino. WOW. It threw my taste buds a splendid party, let me tell you! Best meal of my trip in fact.So fresh! So flavourful! So generously proportioned!Crab, mussels, octopus, clams, shrimp and squid all in a tomato sauce with pasta (penne I think). The crab was especially sweet and meaty. Every messy bite (I quickly understood the roll of kitchen roll instead of napkins) was bliss!The oysters were also superb. I forget the varietal, but my husband and I chose the West Coast catch of the day.I enjoyed the patio seating as it lead to some interesting people watching. Pleasant service.I'd certainly return!
Maybe I caught the cioppino on a bad day but it was VERY bland. The seafood in it and presentation was great but the sauce just tasted like regular tomato sauce from a can. No spices or real flavor. The lobster ravioli though was really good, however i definitely don't think the cioppino lives up to it's name... I think the people reviewing it either had a better batch or haven't been to Scoma's
Very poor service! I had a very unpleasant meal today here, I checked in early by myself, an waiting my friend who should be arrive in 5 minutes, and I can't believe that the waitress even complain my friend coming in not as soon as I claimed in front of my friend, to other customer who wanted to check in early too, I felt so embarrassed!
Every time we have out of town visitors, we end up at Sotto Mare sharing delicious seafood. Cioppino, bread and wine= happiness
Amazing place for fish! Brought by bfriend's family here for dinner and was impressed by the otherwise divey look of the place. The seafood was delicious and some of the best I think SF has to offer. Be patient as you're not going to get top dollar service and it looks more like a place right off the dock rather than in swanky North Beach. The staff there can be friendly and they cook their food real darn well. I had the sole which was buttery and lemony, which is just how I like it. I always recommend this place to out-of-towners and locals, as it has been my favorite.
The meal was fine but they wouldn't split a check 3 ways. Instead, we offered cash and a 2 way credit card split and they still said no. Anyhow, it was a pretty lousy thing to end a meal.
Great clam chowder! everything was really rich and Gigi is a dream.
Homely, old-fashioned, and un-glitzy...but you can't fake quality. Still talking about the cioppino a few years later -- a fresh, flavorful feast.
We came here the night before the Chinatown YMCA 10k run in hopes of eating some hearty ciappino....and it was a SUCCESS! We were instantly greeted with welcoming arms by the host...sarcastic sense of humor. We were seated at the bar, READY TO EAT.He provided us the menu and let us know right away that the ciappino was the perfect size for two and there was NO dessert as there are excellent dessert places all around North Beach area so best to leave for those options.Happy they tell the truth because really, their ciappino is AWESOME. You get a cute crab bib to wear and a huge POT of ciappino. It's filled with tons of pieces of crab, calamari, mussels, scallops, fish and pasta. So hearty and the broth was very full of flavor.... on the edge of being TOO flavorful. But really, that is nothing to complain about. Just soak that sauce with some french bread and you're GOOD TO GO! We considered ordering another item on the menu but were happy we stuck with only ciappino cuz we were TOTALLY STUFFED.Great experience and would recommend anyone to come here. Only thing to be weary of is LINES so plan accordingly!
I never knew this was a real restaurant. I passed by it often, and it looks like an oyster shack or something from the outside. Surprised when I saw the great reviews for this place on yelp and found the exact address. Like woaaaah.We came on a week night, just before the evening rush of diners. It was perfect as we only waited about 10 minutes. The staff was friendly and seated us right next to the "kitchen" area. We got to see the dishes come out and it made me wish I had more stomach room. Down side - I had to make sure my drink/food/stuff wasn't too close to the side. When extra food came up to order, they stuck it right next to me...I had a clam linguine while my friend had a type of fish... I forget what. But both were really yummy. I also had a cup of clam chowder, and it was good! They add bacon to it...MmM...bacon. Its really a great Seafood place. The servers were friendly and willing to answer our incessant questions (what does this sauce mean...what kind of fish is that...what are those people eating? YES, we are THOSE kind of diners!).While chatting, we were able to see the chef fillet a fish and fry it in front of us. The chefs were friendly and chatting with us for a little bit. They were also very conscious about cooking everything so it comes out at the same time. Good stuff.It's not going to be a comfortable place for a table of more than 6. Maybe if you call ahead so they can re-arrange stuff?
UGH...I've tried to support this place, but have finally given up on it. I used to go weekly, but received a bad clam that oozed black slime onto my cioppino and ruined my meal. It was all I could do not to throw up, it was that disgusting. Now, bad seafood happens and when I pointed it out to the waitress, she said she would comp me half off for the meal. Seriously, the whole meal was ruined and I was a known customer, but that was the best they could do? I would never step foot in this place again. Not because of the food, but because of how they dealt with this obvious problem.
These five stars are awarded to the cioppino! I'm not even a huge fan of seafood, but the cioppino at Sotto Mare is wonderfully heavenly. While in SF, my bf and I sought out this place (and in doing so, walked ~10 hilly blocks) because Yelp hails Sotto Mare as having the best cioppino in the world (Literally, since SF is the home of its inception). Well, I'll say! Not that I'd had cioppino often, but after having it here, I'd say that this is how it's supposed to taste!! Delicious crab, clams, scallops, calamari, shrimp... oh my gosh, it was SO GOOD. There are really only two places that I *must* eat at in SF, and this is one of them.Okay, so Gigi (the owner-apparent) works the front and seats the customers, but mind you, he's not the friendliest guy you'll ever meet (in fact, he may be the downright most rude host you'll ever meet). He was swiggin' wine at the front podium the night I went and yelling at a group of girls who didn't have their entire party present. Even the waitresses yelled at him for being drunk. Buuut he was nice enough to us :) The cioppino immediately dissolved any and all problems- it was just me, my bib, my crab cracker, and a FAT (and I mean for two) bowl of cioppino. HEAVEN!!
I finally found a seafood place in SF that I love. This place is friendly, quirky and has darn good seafood. We came in there around 5 based on the Yelp reviews. I was skeptical as there was no one there. By time we left, it was packed. The Cioppino was absolutely amazing. The sauce tasted like it has marinated since the hippy 60s to a perfectly refined bisque.The Sand dabs were decent but not as awesome as I would've expected. Oysters were fantastic...go west coast ones for sure.A unique place in SF to go. It's not super fancy but your tastebuds and your wallets will appreciate Sotto Mare.
Took a colleague there who wanted fresh crab a couple of nights ago. It was my first time and when I walked in the door my first impression was that it looked like an upscale Swan Oyster Depot what with the long counter seating. There were only about four tables for four available that can be reserved for parties of 3 or more. If you're a pair, then you wait for counter seating, which doesn't take long. Unlike Swan, the counter seating a very comfortable as you can actually get your legs under the counter and it is quite wide so you don't feel squished in. We each ordered a whole crab along with some oysters and clams. My guest said the chowder was good and I had a very simple house salad that was shredded lettuce with some tomato wedges and a side of dressing. The shellfish was all fresh and excellent, but it doesn't really show off the best of this restaurant.Our seating was opposite the grill and stove so we got to see some excellent preparations of scallops, salmon, cioppino,skate wings and sand dabs. OMG, everything looked so good! I am making it a point to go back and have something that they cook. The owners are super friendly and the service was very good. The place feels like home. You will enjoy it.
Came here for cousin's birthday in a party of 15 and we had a nice long table set up for us in their downstairs dining area. They don't offer an extensive menu and just order the expected myriad of seafood dishes. Their most well known dish is the crab cioppino, which was very delicious. It was very flavorful and a huge portion, it is really meant for sharing between 2 people. We also ordered the shrimp salad appetizer but that was only ok. It was fresh shrimp which was good but it was just spread over a bed of iceberg lettuce, not that impressive. They also serve table bread which is decent but probably just tasted extra good because I was famished at the time.The restaurant itself is basically set up as a very casual spot with good food. The staff are very nice and seem to really enjoy working there. The owner is this cooky old man who has been in the Bay Area for years and came down to share some funny "I remember back in the day when..." stories. But he was very nice and gave us a bottle of wine on the house for my cousin's birthday. The only drawback, as expected in North Beach, is parking is horrendous and the price of the dishes are a little steep. I get that it is a tourist area but $33 for the crab cioppino is pretty high....but then again I guess since it is large, you can also split the cost with a friend.
Since this place is famous for cioppino apparently, I had to try. I thought it was really good but since I've never had cioppino anywhere else, I didn't have much to compare to!Oysters were also very fresh and delicious. I got to try my friend's fish (I forgot what it was exactly) and it was also very very good. I'm glad we decided to come here on a Saturday around 11.15am because it was also not very crowded, as opposed to famous brunch place Mama's a couple blocks away that had a very long line. This is a very decent brunch alternative!Service was to the point; I'll leave it at that.
Write to express, not to impress.The food is AMAZING. The service and long waits are OUTRAGEOUS. Street parking is scarce and can get frustrating but is totally worthwhile after a good meal here. They don't serve dessert. so take a nice walk down the street to Stella's if you have a sweet tooth!
Everything I read and more. Loved the hustle and bustle and the old world feel. Well worth the wait and a frat value. Not to be missed.
Been here twice now and I have yet to be let down. The clam chowder is fantastic. Let's just get that out of the way first off. If you really want to go all out though, get the cioppino. Best cioppino i have had in the city, maybe anywhere. The stuff is just a magic potion of ocean creatures and flavor. Everything is cooked to perfection and the flavor just lingers in your mouth for ever. Also, one order is more than enough for two, especially if your getting other entrees. I hate soju, but apparently they were in the oyster shooters we were slurping down all night and i have no complaints. Spicy, citrusy, salty ocean goodness. The place is small, but it reminds me of an Italian kitchen. Steamy, smells and scents a-loft everywhere permeating every corner of the place. The wait staff is usually very busy, but they are very friendly and courteous. The hostess is a very nice lady as well, she reminds me of my Italian grandmother. Very upfront and curt, but she is sweet and welcoming at the same time. Just don't get in her way. That's her kitchen back there.
Had the sand dabs (grilled fillets of white non-descript fish), they were okay. $19 for a huge plate- really dinner for two, wish it had been smaller, cheaper, and with more flavor. Had just-okay glass of red wine, $7. No coffee/dessert here. Asked for local dessert place recommendation, which they seemed happy to provide- she walked me to the curb to point out a few local places. She pointed at the 6-way intersection of Green, Columbia, and Stockton... I was a little confused and asked which left turn she meant, when she yelled at me, "you don't talk, I talk!" I stared at her silently, waited for her to finish, thanked her, and walked away, dazed and a little ticked off. Very surprising treatment, and not charming. Two other notes- it was very hot inside the restaurant, and very limited seating outside (2 or 3 tables, from what I saw). I often like to sit where I can see what's happening in the kitchen, but it was just unbearable hot... Maybe they could get a fan or air conditioning?
My friends loved it, yeah! Seriously, I didn't expect otherwise but it was so nice to see them enjoying the food. They loved the homey ambiance, Gigi's quarkiness and Louise's friendliness and are already thinking about return visits!We stuck with the tried and true. Besides 2 bottles of Pinot Grigio, we had 2 dozens of oysters, a crab cioppino (this was a huge hit), order of sand dabs (again, perfectly grilled and seasoned) and a petrale sole with garlic (absolutely delicious!). For the first time, we were given a bib! We must have sounded a bit drunk :)
Tiny place, I swear we passed this restaurant like 4 times already before we noticed the sign. There are only a few tables inside, it's good that we came during the weekdays. Ambiance is not what you're looking for when you go to this restaurant. It has a more homey nautical restaurant feel.Ok, now about food. I ordered the linguine with seafood, which is pretty good but nothing extraordinary too be honest. I should've ordered the grilled sand dabs that people talk about so much, but I was afraid the portion is gonna be too big.They cooked the food in front of the customers, but it's just a little weird that the owner sits outside and his latino sous-chef is the one that cooks. I don't know, it just doesn't give a very home made Italian restaurant feeling for me.
This place has a homey Italian seafood restaurant feel to it. The kitchen is placed on the side and if you sit at the bar, you can see the cooks prepare the seafood. I really like seeing the chefs calling out orders and flipping food in the pans.I ordered a clam chowder bowl ($6.50) and a seafood cioppino ($38) to share with my girlfriend. Right after we ordered the waitress immediately bibbed us up. It was really cute (maybe not for first dates since it gets messy) and we took some pictures after we dug into our food with our bare hands.The clam chowder was good, not great. Just simple and delicious. The cioppino had mussels, clams, crabs, scallops and pasta (might be missing a few things but you get the idea). I really enjoyed the different seafoods in the dish. The sauce was really flavorful and I soaked my bread in it just to give the rock hard bread some flavor. All in all, this place fresh with good quality seafood and great service. I would go back again when I crave a large pot of seafood :)
This place was amazing. Unfortunately we didn't eat there until right before our flight. I would eat the crab salad everyday if I lived in SF. They offered great hospitality, and I agree that they are generous with the seafood, which was wonderful!
I walked for miles to find a place that had exactly the kind of food i was craving. I must have considered 50 restaurants before settling on this one that I had never visited. I cook a lot at home so I am picky. If it's something I could make at home really easily and for not so much, I would. This place is a great place to go if you are by yourself and care only about the food.I highly recommend it if you are looking for a place with great food that is not fancy or expensive. Great seafood!
This place is delicious!  Four stars because it tastes great, but one star off because logistics weren't the best. Got there and put my name on the waiting list. The hostess said come back in 30min; got back in 25min and she was annoyed because she had called our names after 20min (whose fault is that, really?). Otherwise, not too big of a deal. I suggest staying put and trying some of their free wine while you wait.Tried "The Best Damn Crab Cioppino", which certainly lived up to expectations. The sauce wasn't too thick or thin (great to dip their super hard bread into), the seafood seemed fresh, and one of the waitresses even helped me put on my bib! The order took about 20 minutes to arrive and we were seated outside at around 8pm, so things started becoming chilly until our food came. However, the staff seemed to be attentive and constantly checked on my table to see if our food had come - but maybe there's a more efficient way of making sure our food gets to us in timely fashion. Overall the food's awesome but I wish the place was bigger and less crowded. Crowd can't be helped if the food's so good. I would come back.
My boyfriend and I came here during a trip to San Francisco because I knew I needed to try some really solid seafood while we were out there. Also, we had reservations at a lot of fancier restaurants, and knew I would be craving a standout, down-home sort of meal.I really liked Sotto Mare right off the bat, and I'm bummed that my negative service experience sort of ruined it for me. Basically I was dying to try their much raved about Cioppino, but knew that the price on the menu was for two people (unfortunately my boyfriend isn't a seafood fan). That being said, I asked the waitress if they could make it for 1, because I was dying to try it, and she said yes. After I ordered it, she came back and asked me if it would be OK if it still came out in their special Cioppino tureens. I said of course, that i wouldn't mind if it was only filled halfway (note that I said this), and she laughed and said great. As far as I knew, there was NO miscommunication.I knew something was off when I received my Cioppino and it was still the HUGE serving that everyone else was getting. Once Gigi (the hilarious owner) made a comment about how I wasn't finishing the whole thing, I knew something was off. Basically, when I recounted the conversation I had with the waitress to Gigi, he said that she was wrong and she (who was standing there) made me seem crazy by denying that she had made it seem like I could get the Cioppino for one.I have no problem spending $33 for excellent food, but not when a) I'm not expecting it and b) I end up completely wasting GREAT quality seafood. I would not have ordered the Cioppino if I had known that this would happen. When I emphasized this to the waitress she was very rude to me, and made no effort to make the situation right.Plus, I ordered a side of sauteed vegetables (aka, broccoli) and they came out to EIGHT DOLLARS. That's the same price as the appetizer shrimp cocktail! A little ridiculous to me.Unfortunately, this experience probably means that I will not be returning to Sotto Mare.
This place is it, as far as seafood goes anyway. Some friends and I discovered Sotto Mare last year during Santacon 2010. I had the seafood linguini (sans calamari) with an incredible pink sauce. I was so convinced it was that good because I'd been drinking, but no, because I checked Yelp the next day to see a 4.5 star rating.I hadn't been back until last night, my Santacon tradition, and I got the same amazing seafood dish, this time with a bowl of clam chowder. To my disappointment, the clam chowder had some type of ham in it (I'm pescetarian) and I had to spend some time picking the ham out. I didn't feel like being picky and sending it back. Still though, it was some of the best clam chowder I've ever had. The pasta was on point and the seafood was cooked perfectly, no rubberiness to be found. My friend had sand dabs, which were also excellent. Service was quick and everyone was friendly. They really make you feel like family in this place. Here I am, almost 24 hours later still thinking about my dinner last night, and how I want to bottle that pink sauce up and take it home. Yum! I have to start going back more than once a year!
One star service in a place with five star food. Service first. The owner puts on the gruff, pushy old guy schtick.  Problem is he crosses the line to being a boor and rude. The joke really isn't funny after a certain point. And my server belatedly came to me after I brought myself to her attention. She assumed a weary, I've seen it all attitude. So just order was her attitude. But the food is well-sourced and the plates are well sized. I started with a cup of their clam chowder. Nicely seasoned and the potatoes and clams within this were just great.Next their crab salad. A very nice portion of fresh and tasty crab surmounted by a dollop of cocktail sauce. Good stuff.Finally, I was told that they were out of sand dabs. But rex sole was a great alternative. Plenty of fresh filets. And they weren't drowned in some brown butter sauce or olive oil or some other stuff. Just the fish with a lightly astringent sauce served on the side. Also on the plate were brussels sprouts and carrots that hadn't been messed with. Sauteed just enough to have been seared through while retaining their taste. Wonderful. The owner just about pushed me out the door. Yet I will return.
As good as it gets. I swear...this place makes San Francisco. Referred here by a local to try the Sand Dabs fish..we made it a point to check out Sotto Mare. First sign that this place is where its at, a long wait and an exhausted looking but friendly staff. We were immediately greeted by the hostess who told us the wait would be right around 15 minutes. Once we were seated at the bar, our friendly waitress popped up and provided us with water. The place was buzzing with people...and everyone's food looked quite appetizing. We ordered:Grilled Sand Dabs with fresh veggies1/2 dozen of West Coast Oysters on a half shellHalf order of Cracked CrabThe Cracked crab was pretty amazing...the meat was sweet and fresh and easy to pick through. The cocktail sauce was pretty life-changing...the right amount of horseradish...yum. The West Coast Oysters were pretty disappointing though. Being from the East coast, I'm used to fat and juicy oysters with tons of flavor...meh...these were very small and $1.50 each :(...wasn't lacking on flavor though. The Grilled Sand Dabs was fresh and cooked perfectly. It was my first time ever hearing of Sand Dabs and even tasting that type of fish and I was very pleased.Prices here are pretty affordable for a popular seafood spot. The service was pretty good...our friendly hostess made me feel like I was leaving a friend's house because she gave us a huge hug when we were leaving...made it that much harder to leave :( I love this place....the next time I am in SF, I will be sure to stop by Sotto Mare again.
In a word, speechless. I found reviews of this place and thought it would be a 'solid down to earth red-sauce and seafood Italian spot' and I had NO idea what I was in for. As we walked in my wife was visibly disappointed. She was like 'Oh, so you took me to a diner for our one dinner in San Francisco'. As I approached the hostess she proclaimed 'OK, that's IT for the night!' Wha-wha-WHAAAAT?!? I pleaded that this was our only dinner in SF and about seven seconds later we were seated at the end of the bar that stretched the length of the restaurant staring right at the kitchen area. Some may find this less than ideal, but I thought this was perfect. The next 60-90 minutes were an amazing experience of taste, sight and sound. Amazing clam chowder to start soon followed by two huge bowls teeming with shellfish, pasta and sauce. A bottle of house Chianti (I have yet to go wrong with this choice) and the meal was complete. Soon we were fat and happy as the kitchen staff was wrapping up the night and 'American Pie' was blaring from the speakers to the delight of the raucous patrons and staff singing along loudly. Too much fun. If this place was in my hometown, I think I'd take every guest in my home to Sotto's last seating of the night. See you next time I'm in the City!
Not snobbish.Upbeat entertaining service .Great sand dabs and cioppino but wear your bib for this dish!Owner Gi Gi is upbeat and eager to please !No foo foos allowed here .May have to wait awhile so get over there early .Mama Mia what a place !
BEST DAMN CIAPPINO IN SF!!!!It's served in a large metal pot with cover! Please keep the lid on while you're eating what's on your plate to keep the soup nice and HOT!!! It makes such a difference. Like other Yelpers say, bread isn't great, but it's edible and soft and the butter makes everything better! hahaha.
cioppinoCioppinoCioppino!  --- Its my new favorite Italian word!I had my first wonderful one at Sotto Mare two months ago! If you're dining here with 2+ , then you MUST get their Seafood Cioppino! Me and my bestest scrolled in at around 9:30PM (just about closing time) one night after spending 3 hours at Tru Spa. The place was lively and packed! Louise cheerfully greeted us and said they were closing. Just as we were about to disappointingly leave, she said "let me see what I can do.." She goes and asks the kitchen and comes back to say.. "Come on ladies.. we can take you!"-- then quickily moved people down to make room for two seats at the bar for us! And I definitely recommend sitting at the bar - you're staring right into the open kitchen where all the chefs talk to you! And if you're female.. friendly flirt with you.Louise made us feel like she invited us into her home to eat. She was so hospitable and made sure we were taken care of. She even helped us put our crab bibs on. =)  This place is sooo fun! At one point in the night-- they turned the music up and went around with wine glasses toasting and saying cheers to everyone! Then the chefs all did shots! Those Italians sure know how to have a good time while at the job! =)I've been craving my second helping of their cioppino ever since. I'm SO hooked. A wonderful melody of fresh seafood, so much flavor in their broth, so satisfying, so fulfilling... so much love in one pot. The best part.... just $27 and enough to serve two. Its my new economic stimulus meal! =)
This place has earned and lived up to up to it's reputation.Typically, the main dishes are $19 on the button. The quantity of such quality sea food makes the dish a great deal. The atmosphere is casual with a large groups of boisterous foodies filling this family-oriented business.From the street, it looks really small but actually has a large basement! Make sure to check it out if you like seafood and are in North Beach! Do not let the window view discourage you.
This place is truly a gem. There were three of us girls walking around north beach looking for a good spot to eat dinner when we came across Sotto Mare. Like everyone else says, the place is small and you will probably have to wait but it is well worth it. The woman who seated us was awesome and got us a table as quicky as she could. As for the food - if you love seafood you will love this. We shared oysters and a wedge salad to start. I had the seafood risotto which was absolutely delicious and the others had a seafood pasta and mussel steamers (both loved their meals). We were finishing up and ordered another bottle of wine but it looked like they were closing and cleaning up. Our waitress encouraged us to take our time and we ended up being the last people in the restaurant! We never once felt rushed and it was much appreciated. I highly recommend checking this place out!!
Skip the salad with additional crab meat for +$5 it is just shredded iceberg lettuce with a smidge of crab meat. (The wedge salad looked better). Instead focus on clam chowder, which is delicious. Linguine with clams was tasty and substantial, you pick the sauce - olive oil, garlic, with red pepper flakes is an option, white sauce is a bit heavier ( lots of butter?) and there is a red sauce. The linguine de mare/ chef's choice had tons of seafood and decent value. Gigi was in the house cranking his favorite 70s tunes, he was having fun, quite a character he is..this is not a romantic dinner spot and you won't have a warm fuzzy feeling when you leave, but definitely worth the trip with a bit of local color to liven up a chilly Tuesday night. They move you along and dessert/ coffee to be found elsewhere as you read as soon as you sit.
"Yay! I'm a fan." Fits this place pretty well. The sea-food here is pretty amazing, and I am not sure you can't get much better! I love the Sea-Food Alfredo plate, and the Sanddabs are amazing! (Ask for the lemon sause!) The staff is friendly and pleasant, and very attentive!This are just a few small reasons why I wouldn't go as far as giving this place five stars. I have been here a few times now, and for the most part I have enjoyed myself. It tends to be VERY crowded though (which also shows how good it is). On busy nights, it is packed, and can feel squishy and rushed. The only other reason I am giving this only 4 stars is because of something that happened a year ago. I stayed away for a while and I have not seen it happen again, but about a year ago the owner (who can tend to be a little rude) walked through the whole restaurant with a lit cigarette in his hand. GROSS. Like I said, I have not seen it happen again, but I was very appalled by the sight of it, and have never forgotten it. I definitely recommend trying this place out, I do not think you will be let down!
Party of 20!!!Went here for a friend's birthday and absolutely enjoyed the following:1) Great-great atmosphere. The place isn't that big, but they were able to seat a big party with no problem. 2) We felt special. The owner of the joint was around making sure customers are happy3) Cioppino, it's crackin'!4) Risotto, off the hook!5) Friendly staff6) My boyfriend "HATES" pasta, but he absolutely loved Sotto Mare'sParking is a bit of a pain, but it's worth it.
Ever since I ate in Little Italy, I can never eat at just any other Italian restaurants that's not located in Little Italy. Even though I have not been to all or many of the restaurants in Little Italy, I have already decided that it does not matter where you end up eating, because I am sure that everything will taste just as delicious as everything else that I have tasted there so far. Sotto Mare, just like anywhere else is San Francisco on a Saturday night, was extremely crackin'. It took my boyfriend and I about an hour and a half trying to find parking in Little Italy, but for some weird reason we were able to get seated right away once we arrived here. I guess we got lucky =) The place was ridiculously small, but it felt very home-y. The employees were very friendly and catering. Once they realized that our bread was gone, they instantly replaced it with a new one, as well as the water. Considering the place was packed (shoulder to shoulder with your neighbor), I assumed it would take a while for our orders to come out --- WRONG! It only took about fifteen minutes!We ordered the Grilled Sand Dabs (apparently it is a hit with Yelpers) and the Linguine with Manila Clams. Honestly, you can never go wrong with pasta anywhere in Little Italy, so I was already expecting to love the crap out of the linguine. The clams were fresh, the pasta was cooked perfectly, and the white sauce was awesome! The grilled sand dabs were just as good, especially if you squirt that lemon on it, but I don't know if it's just an asian thing, but I wanted to eat rice with it. As much as I enjoyed it, I felt like there was something missing to it; the vegetables on the side, for me, wasn't enough. Overall, love it here, absolutely do not mind dining here at all, and the price is right =)
This is my favorite seafood place in the city. Quality food and a great family that owns and runs the restaurant. I prefer the upstairs seating because the ambiance is better.
The cioppino was excellent! My favorite in SF thus far. I only wish we had more "soup"...it was so flavorful, I could have easily drank another bowl.Sand dabs were nicely prepared as well, though once you dig into the cioppino you kind of forget about everything else.The host/owners are super friendly. Two of us arrived 20 minutes late after the requested reservation and while we got some teasing, they didn't make a big deal out of it.Thank you Sotto Mare! We will be back.
We went there on a regular weekday for dinner, and there were already a line before dinner time. I'd recommend a reservation. We ended up sitting by the counter, which was ok but somehow noisy for conversations.We ordered a half size crab for appetizer -- fresh and tasty. Their grilled sand dabs were very good, but my scallop pasta was just average. Maybe I just made the wrong choice.
This is one of the best restaurants I've ever eaten at, and it very much reminds me of that Julia Child quote about simple not being the same as easy. Fresh pasta, fresh sea food, friendly decor. The dining area is underneath the narrow kitchen, and very quiet compared to the boisterous upstairs bar, complete with a fun accordion player. The hostess is no-nonsense, and honestly, a little intimidating. If she's looking for a career change, I could see her coaching a team in the NFL, or maybe standing in for Judge Judy. Make reservations. Order the smoked salmon pasta.
Really delicious, really fresh seafood here. And the waitstaff and owner are real characters... I had the daily red snapper special and my girlfriend had the scallop saute. We were surprised with how fast the service was. It's a bit expensive, but I figured while I'm at it we should go all out - so I got a carafe of the house white and a shrimp cocktail. Great house wine! I am usually leery of house wines in US restaurants but theirs was pretty solid.. of course it's restaurant wine prices so we still paid $14 for it. Not the way I wished the world worked, but that's the status quo, so I can't take points off for that.4 stars - it would be 5 if it were a notch cheaper, but I live in SF.. so I can only hope. Good job Sotto Mare.
Gigi is a trip! Think she is the one on Rue La La at the front desk laptop. She takes after the old Caffe Sport manner but it is all in good fun. The place is a throwback to good old days where honest fair priced food is done simply and fabulously. The oysters are pristine and good as Zuni but much cheaper....the seafood pasta was also perfectly al dente and seasoned with just enough pesto. The salmon was not overcooked as it was probably added at the last minute...loads of calamari, etc. only the bay scallops were tough but added to the soulfulness of the sauce. The service is super-friendly and when nice out...great place to enjoy the climes of North Beach on the street cafe.  This place has been around and it is still a real find...hope not too many people find it so I cannot get a table. Cheers Gigi!
CIOPPINO! Glorious, piping hot, perfectly seasoned, smooth, tomato-ey broth packed with TONS of crab legs, mussels, plump shrimp, calamari, clams, AND penne pasta. Just thinking about it gets my mouth salivating and stomach grumbling again. It's $33, but can easily be split amongst 3-4 people with addition supplements.This place is totally iconic SF, you'd think you were a tourist at Fisherman Warf. But, that's the awesomeness of the place - it's tucked away in North Beach and geared more towards the locals. Which makes it all that much more specials!The chowda is also scrumptious, and the pasta is nice, too. But really, all you need is the CIOPPINO. And a bib. :)
SO confused. Live 6 blocks away so I really wanted to like it. I have no idea why people like it so much? bad service (completely ignored), food that was bland.. atleast if the service had been good then we may have come back. too bad, they missed out on potential regulars.
Fresh fish, great family owned restaurant, good simple and solid flavors, some of the best and freshest seafood in the city.
I love the old schooly, fun vibe here. Cioppino was great as well.
It's been a couple years since I reviewed Sotto Mare and they still got it! I came here last night with my visiting parents and we loved the food. The scallops are fresh and cooked to perfection! Again, I shared the cioppino (or "The Best Damn Cioppino" as it says on the menu) and loved it. The bread dips in the broth and soaks it up. YUM. Also, love the mom and pop feel. Yay for no corkage on your first bottle too!Minus one star for being told people were waiting for our table at the end of our meal. There's nothing I hate more than being rushed out after an amazing meal, and we literally had JUST PAID seconds before. So, calm it down and don't be rude. I could understand if we were there hanging about for 20 minutes, but that wasn't the case.
So amazing on so many different levels!Came here for my dinner with some friends. When I asked to make a reservation for 7 at 7, her surprised response was "Are you sure??? Do you know how SMALL we are?? Are you ABSOLUTELY sure???" Realizing how tiny the place was, of course, only enticed me more.We arrived a touch early (and with an additional party member). Our table wasn't quite ready, so the hostess just kept pouring us wine. Glass after glass after glass, red, white,.. o! more red? have another white too! They seated us downstairs. The space was a little funny, next to the big fridges, but it was quiet and cozy, and the food was hearty. One of my friends got the sole fish, and we're fairly certain that they had an entire school on the plate. The oysters were fresh, sauces flavorful, and just an overall great experience.
Service was pretty rude, but the food was ok. Dabs are better than petrale but not as good as lemon sole, bread was excellent.Would go back but not desperate to.
If you get in within the first 5 minutes it was pure luck because this place has very limited seating space. I ordered the seafood risotto. The risotto was perfectly cooked and the seafood was very fresh. If this place were bigger, I would give it a solid four stars. I recommend the food but your overall experience maybe shot down by the decor.
I was taken here about 1 week ago by my Mother & Father (for my folks' wedding anniversary). We heard this place was really good, and after seeing the great reviews here on Yelp we were sold on going.So here's what we have to share... The food was pretty good, but nothing great about it! I will admit, the clam chowder was great... the cioppino was just ok (much overrated - we know good cioppino btw)... and the west coast oysters were pretty good. About an hour after we left here, my mother got very ill! She threw many times within the next few hours (also couple of days) and had bad diarrhea - about an hour after we left. Shorty after her, I got really ill with the same exact issues. We were both very sick with obvious food poisoning from here for 2+ days which was more sick than we've been in years! Not to frown upon on this place, but I really suggest going to the many other good Italian places in the city. We're not sure what we got sick from there, but know it was one of the dishes we shared. We will never eat there again! Be careful.
Where should I begin this LOVEFEST? Sotto Mare...I love you. I love everything about you. The wonderful, warm, attentive, and lively employees. The ambiance. And the food. My god...the food! The fiance and I flew up to SF for gluttonous weekend of food and uhh...back to food. After asking for recommendations from a few friends, my friend Linda suggested we high tail it over to Sotto Mare for dinner. I wasn't especially craving italian, but the restaurant was just a 20 minute walk from our hotel--so we decided to give it a go. We called to make reservations--and they told us it wouldn't be necessary for a table of 2. Okay. We got there around 9:00 and the place was packed! Okay...no reservations necessary, huh? She must've forgotten it was a Saturday. No matter...we were starving and the food smelled amazing. The hostess was amazing. It was freezing out...there was no room to stand inside...so she gave us each a HUGE glass of wine to warm us up on the patio--for FREEEEEEEEEE. Okay...free tugs at my heart strings. So, it was looking like a 30 to 40 minute wait. With my monstrous glass of wine...we were okay out there. That is until 9:45 when they flipped the sign from open to CLOSED! Startled, we ran in. They were super busy...and there were a few open tables...and we realized that she had forgotten about us. Startled, she grabbed us, apologized and put us at the counter (yay! I love to see them cook...and it was actually a great place to dine. I would take these seats over a normal table anyday!). And no, we weren't peeved...we were starving...and buzzed on an empty stomach. So oh boy...did we order tons of food. We ordered a bowl of the clam steamers, seafood risotto, and since they were out of their fish of the day, she recommended the sand dabs. Sure! She was weary that we'd be able to finish off all that food...but we assured her, she didn't know us well enough to make that statement. Food? Freaking phenomenal! The Clam steamers were outrageously good! This was an extremely generous dish...soooo many clams! And the sauce....whatever it was...it certainly wasn't the typical white wine/garlic sauce you see everywhere else. It was amazing! We had to ask for more bread to suck if all the sauce...and when we decided to conserve stomach space, we opted for just drinking it. Yeah, it was embarrassing...and yeah, we returned a bone dry bowl. Amazing! Seafood risotto--clams, shrimp, scallop, and calamari? Oh yeah...Wonderful. Absolutely amazing. This dish was LOADED with seafood. So much so, that at one point, we wanted to ask for more risotto. Sooo good! Sand Dabs--lightly fried filets. Plain looking? Yes. But boy are they good. The fish is wonderfully flaky, and just a simply naturally sweet fish. Very good. Soooo good...that we're definitely going to dine here again the next time. And I'll try to refrain from ordering the same things.
Old-school Italian fun with fresh seafood and a festive interior. Small and casual restaurant. Great for a fun double-date! Or a hearty seafood dinner with the family. I didn't go beyond the ground floor of this restaurant. We were glad that we made reservations because we were all pretty hungry after spending an afternoon walking around. We started with:-Mussel steamers-Boston clam chowder-Crab cioppino-Fettuccine with scallops-Risotto with seafoodAnd they let us bring our own bottle of wine! My favorites were the Crab cioppino and the Scallop fettuccine. Nice dinner with time to spare for exploring the North Beach nightlife afterwards.TIP: Make sure your dinner dates like seafood.
i loooove Sotto Mare. It is my boyfriend's and I "special spot" since we came here for the first time during one of our first visits pre-move-to-SF. The cioppino is DELISH and comes in a big antique-looking silver turrine. I also love the oyster shooters (oyster in a shot of vodka/bloody mary mix), but my absolute FAVE is the crab louie!! Big chunks of crab and yummy full-fat dressing. The best part of Sotto Mare, however, is that it's SO OLD and all the decorations are quirky and have history, the register's at the front are super antique, and they have 2 old school safe next to them. LOVE LOVE LOVE!It's so cute that the whole family works there together and the hostess gives you free wine if you have to wait!
We were there in March of 2013. What a wonderful experience! Greeted by a friendly server at the door. Even though the place was packed, she still found us a place at the bar in less than a minute. When they say "The Best Cioppino Ever", believe me, it's true! Although the suggested serving is for two, I ordered it all for myself, and was in seafood heaven all night. We will be back and thank you for a great experience in San Francisco!
There are few times in my yelpin' membership where I absolutely need to mention a store that feels like home and deserving of 5 stars.We were immediately greeted by the owner's humor along with his daily catch of fish. He didn't hesitate to deliver his gut busting speech about his non-dessert dessert menu, noting it wasn't a dessert menu but a message to hurry up and eat and "get the hell out!" I had the fettucini with scallops and I didn't think I'd enjoy it. I was so wrong. Wrong, very wrong. The scallops were sweet, and the cream wasn't Olive Garden heavy. I also thought that way about the oyster shooters, but they were so sweet, salty, and sour the same time I found myself enjoying another.Thanks to Yelp, I have another restaurant I would definitely come back to.
Good fresh seafood from a little neighborhood restaurant. Very reasonably priced and friendly. Will come back for a bite to satisfy a seafood craving.
We were in the area and looking for italian What better place to look than north beach. I remembered sotto mare...Ciopinno it is!From the bibs, the bread in the sauce, and the fresh seafood. It was great! We share done cioppino and I was beyond stuffed!Food was delicious!Parking can be difficult...but dont give up!
After many failed attempts to have dinner at Sotto Mare, my friend and I FINALLY made it a few weeks ago. We went mid-week and waited about 20 minutes for a table for two. However...you get a nice complimentary glass of wine for waiting which I, of course, did not mind. We sat at the counter and got an amazing view of all entrees and the action in the kitchen. We ordered the shrimp cocktail to start, which was delicious and simple, followed by the cioppino. It's made to order so if there is a particular type of seafood you don't care for, it can easily be omitted. It was so delicious, so messy, and so worth a second trip back.
Hubby and I shared a wedge salad (3 stars), a half litre of the house red wine (3 stars) and the Ciopponio (5 stars). It was jam backed with quality seafood. The tomato sauce was good, but the main star here is the seafood. Extra bonus points for personalizing it. I have a severe allergy to scallops and the server assured me it was made to order, and a scallop wouldn't touch it. Our bread basket never went empty, and our server checked on us often. I want to come back and try the risotto, it looked great.The hostess was friendly and helpful. She recommended a nice dessert place around the corner, Stella's Bakery (on Columbus to the left). It was a perfect end to the evening.
Terrific! The seafood is wonderfully fresh and the preparation, simple and delicious. Added to that is a welcoming reception from the owner, excellent, friendly service, a kitchen of joyful employees and a restaurant full of relaxed, happy patrons. A really lovely night out and the end of night sing-a-long was an extra bonus!
Came in for some pasta and decided on their special of seafood ravioli with pink sauce (a tomato cream sauce) which was great. The stuffing had crab and shrimp, but I wasn't able to tell what else was in it. The bread was your regular baked bread and butter and they continually refilled it :) till we stopped eating it and left it aside. Service was just decent. Our waitress looked anxious to get us out of there, and we didn't even get a table so we had to sit at the bar type tables as the regular tables were reserved. The whole time we were there only one of the 8 tables even showed up. I don't see why their banquet room for larger parties couldn't be used instead. We felt so hurried after being there for only an hour from 5:30 to 6:30 that we left to get dessert and finish our conversation elsewhere. The place is pretty small so it's best if you order to go or come in before or after peak hours. Hopefully there isn't a large reservation next time so that service improves, but I don't plan to come back to find out.
Absolutely lived up to the reviews. Was able to make a last minute reservation on a Thursday night. The friendly maitre'd helped us to our table stopping to show us the food on a regular's table. All four of them had ordered the sand dabs. They looked so good I had them too. And they were terrific. Highly recommend you have them too. The wife had the cioppino. She was engrossed in it, although a few days later she said it was a little burnt. Still, she did quite a bit of damage to it. I'm not sure anyone could eat a whole one. It's huge!! On Knob Hill this place would cost double. I would like to see a more refined wine list. It is in the heart of North Beach. If you are looking for a quiet table, go elsewhere. This place hops! Great energy! Highly recommend you try it too.
Third visit and thought out was time for a review. As other Yelpers have mentioned this place its wildly popular even on a Wednesday night.We were offered a seat art the counter our in the basement.we didn't even know they had a basement. Signage identifies base as "Under the Sea".We discovered that the basement contained artifacts from the previous New Pisa.Wonderful drawings and old photos from the collection of Dante Benedetti whose family owned the New Pisa from the early 1900's until his retirement a few years ago.Had the salad wedge which we split and the fabulous cioppino. Soak up the fantastic sauce with the bread and it is pure heaven.Great food and attentive service add up to a great evening.
THE BEST DAMN CRAB CIOPPINO is off the chain. It's so good I went to Sotto Mare twice in one week to have it! The last time I went, my friends and I ordered two orders of the cioppino, an order of risotto, and 3 bowls of clam chowder (between three people). The risotto is good (but I've had better). The clam chowder is out of this world amazing especially with the complimentary bread (just dip it in or let it soften up in the soup) - YUMMMM. The morning after this meal, I woke up drooling thinking about the legit dinner I had the night before. It's THAT good! And don't forget to get your free glass of wine while you wait for a table, but don't piss off the lady in charge since she's the one who hands out the vino.
Best seats in the house are counter seats towards the rear, where you can watch the cooking -- more entertaining and informative than most anything on Food Network. We had the cioppino and it's really good. This is great food at reasonable prices served by friendly staff.
Came here on a Saturday night and waited about 20 minutes. If you make reservations, dont come late or else you will be pasted on the list. Although the restaurant looks small on the top level they have several floors of tables in the basement.Bread (complimentary)Hard and bland but at least it comes in a boat basket. That is why you did not come here to eat their bread. More edible with soup.Clam Chowder ($6.50 w/ entree)They use real clams and tasted fresh. Decent but I have had better. Recommended to share with the table if not germaphobicCrab Cioppino ($35)Their house special dish. Had an entire crab along with baby shrimp mussels and clams in a tomato based soup pasta dish. They pack a lot of seafood into the small pot it comes in. They cracked the crabs perfectly for easy meat access. The flavor was pungent but a little bit too salty for my taste. Although overall the dish was good, I liked their seafood risotto better.Seafood risottoThe best risotto I have ever eaten. Rich in seafood flavor and with every bite I was wanting more. There was the same abundant amount of seafood as the cioppino. This dish was not too salty although not as pungant flavor compared to the cioppino.Overall an above average italian restaurant for a decent price. They will seat you only after your ENTIRE party has arrived.
Mahalo, Gigi and Sotto Mare, for a wonderful Saturday night before dropping the child off at college!!! It was a bittersweet evening...the cioppino hit the spot; the welcome and laughter warmed our hearts...Hope to see Louise next time! Aloha! GO BEARS!!!
Great seafood and a cool but divey place with great service. You will love this place. The Cioppino is incredible. Someone's stolen the family recipe, this stuff like home. It's worth the trip alone.
Truly an amazing experience.We were visiting SanFran from Chicago last weekend and HAD to find some good Cioppino (seafood stew). Looked up the best spots on Yelp! and a few people suggested this place. We walked by prolly about a dozen more "slick" looking Italian spots in North Beach to get to the delightfully kitschy Sotto Mare. Thank god we did.First off, the owners were amazing. For a moment I thought they were our own Italian aunt and uncle, the way they doted on us. But the highlight is definitely the food. We started with the west coast oysters and let me tell you, they were ten times better than anything we could find in Chicago! And the Cioppino was to die for. It had just about every type of seafood you could imagine. Amazing amazing dish. Plenty for two people.If you love seafood, Italian cuisine and the little storefronts that make North Beach great - you have to try Sotto Mare.
Wonderful! Came here for my birthday dinner this past August and had an amazing meal! Started with the delicious sand dabs (a must!) and then polished off the crab cioppino with a friend (defnitely a two person dish). SOOOOOOOOOO GOOD! Accompanied all of this with a glass (or 3) of wine, and was stuffed by the last piece.The atmosphere was comfy, cozy, warm and welcoming. The staff is AWESOME and although you may wait a bit more than average, the food is worth it! Definitely going back next time I'm in the area.
While the flavor of the ciopinno was good, it wasn't consistently hot. Our server was a bit rough on the edges - definitely not worth the high prices or long wait.
After going here twice, I love this restaurant. The food is delicious, the atmosphere is non-pretentious, and it's less expensive than other seafood restaurants in the area. The staff makes you feel like family. The only thing I'd change is make the place a bit bigger to accommodate more people & make it easier for staff to get around.Great Cioppino.
Alice, Alice, who that f*** is Alice? As the song played over the sound system as I waited for my table sipping on complementary wine. I Love this place. Yes I have proclaimed my love for a restaurant. I called to make a reservation and was greeted by a lady with a short fuse who told me first come, first served and some other choice words. I hung up the phone and hurried my fanny down there, put my name on the list, crossed my fingers and prayed my name would get called. And I witnessed first hand how the same lady answering the phone turned people away. The lady running the show had house rules, here are a few that I noticed: don't stand in the way, keep the door closed, NO more reservations, etc, etc. I was on the hunt for good Cioppino and The "BEST DAMN CRAB CIOPPINO" with seafood was labeled on the menu. That label was understated. I have finally found the WORLDS GREATEST CIOPPINO and now I can stop looking. Loaded with fresh ingredients with rich tomato base, crab legs for days, clams, fish, and calamari and maybe other seafood, I don't remember. I like the fact that a small portion of pasta was added and that really put it over the top. The flavor was outta this world. With the cioppino came bread and I requested garlic in olive oil which I don't think is on the menu but it should, that stuff was great. People were enduring the long wait and came near and far to get a taste of this seafood greatness. I cant blame them. I was on a food high for about a month and I found myself telling random strangers about how good this place is. I feel sorry for those who miss out on a place like this. Before you expire you gotta get down to this place and try the Cioppino, trust me its as good as it gets. The lady who runs the place is actually a nice lady and even though they were busy on a Saturday night the staff was friendly and helpful. I was curious about that song so first thing I did when I got home was wikipedia that Alice song. A band named Smokie from Bradford, England or something like that. Note to Owners: Keep up the great work, Y'all got style! Will I go back? Hell to tha Yeah, I cant wait....See you soon Sotto Mare
Went here last week and I loved it. The place is small but they do a good job fitting people in. They have a whole downstairs area, which is common in San Fran. I am not from the area so I was taken here becuase it was highly recamended and the Clam Chowder is suposed to be good. It was great actually. The lady who served us was very knowledgable and friendly. She said there was clam in every bite. She was right. She knew every detail about the menu. We had the Seafood Risotto which was very good and full of seafood. It was so much food that we could not finish this dish. Also had the Skate, which is some kind of little fish type animal. It was small and not deboned, but that didn't matter. Bones were so soft that you could eat them and not notice them. If I am in San Fran again, I'd make it a point to go here again. The service was friendly and fast. The owner made you feel like family and even told you some history facts about the place.  One that that really stands out is the dessert. Actually, the lack of dessert. They do not serve dessert and they have a letter from the owner to tell you why. It was funny to read and they did have a list of good dessert places in the area.
Neither of us were ravenous, so we decided to walk from our hotel on Market and Fourth to this little gem in Little Italy. The reviews were raves when it came to the seafood. It was a much longer walk than we'd anticipated, so by the time we arrived we were ready for food. We split soup, appetizer and entree. It was uniformly amazing. I thought I'd pretty much seen all that clam chowder had to offer, but this bowl was revelatory: very little cream, all clam flavor. The reviews all mentioned sand dabs as a standout favorite. I love seafood, but hadn't ever had them. We got a plate with some vegetation and 8 small, pan-fried fish that were rich and satisfying.I'd go back here in a heartbeat.
Enjoyed an amazing dinner at Sotto Mare! Husband had the special: wild King Salmon. I had the Sand Dabs. Both dishes were simply seasoned and prepared and served with fresh veggies. No fancy or heavy sauces to detract from the perfect freshness of the fish. If you want fancy or pretentious food, go somewhere else! If you want an authentic North Beach, San Francisco experience....this is the place for you! We sat at the counter so we could watch the cooks preparing the food.... So entertaining! Also entertaining was our great waitress, Shelly! We loved this place, and will definitely return when we come back to San Francisco!!!
5-stars for the cioppino. It was amazing. The baccalao starter was also delicious. My partner got the seafood risotto, which was great, but unfortunately the cioppino overshadowed in in the flavor arena.I liked the ambience, noisy, friendly, busy. Great wall flair, you're eyes will definitely not get bored by the non-minimalist decor.Great place to take out-of-towners.
If you want to try this place, better get there early!It's small place and they stop taking reservation hours before they close to ensure everyone gets in for the last sitting. Gigi was funny funny guy and Louisa is no different.I love it that I can see how my food is being prepared. I ate soooo many great meals in The City forgot what I had there.... think it was trout. Anything you get from there is great!We need places like that here in Phoneix
Far and away the best Italian restaurant in North Beach, and one of the best seafood restaurants in all of San Francisco.Yes, this place has large portions, low prices (for what you're getting), and impeccably fresh seafood. And it's not like they give you tons and tons of pasta with a little bit of seafood. The risotto probably had more seafood than rice in it, and quite a variety; mussels, shrimp, squid (!!!). Even the pesto, which we were advised against (you're at a seafood restaurant!), was some of the best I've had; and the seafood ravioli were incredible in a very rich tomato sauce. The only thing I wouldn't order again was the Boston Clam Chowder (you're on the West Coast!) , it was good, but nothing special. The cioppino looked absolutely amazing, need to go back here with someone willing to split it.One not as well known fact about Sotto Mare is that they offer $1.50 (West Coast) oysters at ALL hours, none of this $1 during happy/$3 at other hours crap. And these are some of the freshest, plumpest, juiciest oysters I've had. Service is friendly but casual, this is the type of place where you're expected to box up your own food to go.It seems that they only take reservations during the week; but regardless, make sure to get here early, and even then, you'll have to wait a bit. But they give you a really cool plastic lobster that you can take elsewhere for a drink and it will buzz and light up when your table's ready.But no dessert - it's bad for your cholesterol :)
freshest seafood i've had to date!because of all the great yelp reviews my hubby and i just had to check this place out while on vacay. I ordered the chef's special seafood linguine by the watiress's recommendation. WOW! it was $17 but WAY worth it. Clams, squid, shrimp galore! They didn't skimp at all on the seafood. The white pasta sauce was flavored with some of the ink from the squid and it was the most amazing seafood I've ever had. The shrimps were so fresh and not rubbery! My hubby ordered a fish with a side of brussel sprouts. I thought I hated brussel sprouts but Sotto Mare's DEFINITELY changed my mind! So buttery and sweet...I loved this place! I heart bread...so I was happy to get a roll and dip it into their olive oil and balsamic vinegar. **no dessert served because the owner is health conscious but they pointed us to a great place within walking distance for some yummy tiramisu!
Had to come back, a year and a half later! Cioppino just outstanding. Great local joint and an easy walk to City Lights Bookstore--go buy a book and support independent bookshops.
For a coastal town, San Francisco has relatively few superb seafood options. Thankfully we have Sotto Mare.Walk into this place and you're likely to be warmly greeted by the salt-of-the-earth proprietor, Gigi, who will crack a joke to make you smile while you're being seated.Look to your left as you walk in. That's the fresh fish case that will have all of the daily specials contained therein, including some rare delicacies such as skate wing (which is delicious, I might add). Be sure to arrive early if you want the best pick of the day. Specials often run out as the night goes on.This is the kind of restaurant that embodies San Francisco to me: a restaurant with plenty of little quirks, from their no-desert policy to their Rube Goldberg-esque ticket system, serving world-class fare.
I have been traveling to SF for years and this place is consistently great. Oysters (West Coast) are simply the best you will eat in the US. and the seafood pasta combos are unmatched. Sit at the bar and have a freezing cold beer with your meal. I would not visit SF without stopping in here for a meal. The other negative reviews are BS and I would not give them any credibility. I travel to all points in the US and this place is one of the best for casual, authentic goodness.Enjoy!
We are from New England, and this is one of the best clam chowders we chowder snobs have ever had. The cioppino was fantastic. This place is an absolute must try!!!!!
When I first walked in we weren't greeted at all and when we asked how to put our names down the woman replied that she doesn't take names, there is no list, and she will remember you and that's it. It was a very curt response and a little rude.I figured maybe they just don't give a fcuk about their attitude since they have high reviews? When we got seated the service was a lot better than we had originally arrived. We ordered some raw oysters, linguini with clams, and clam chowder.The food was delicious, 4 star worthy, but I took away a star because of how we were treated when we first walked in.
The cioppinno here is off the frackin' hook! And they have Hoegaarden on tap. Sick.
A lesson.Bowl season is upon us and we all like to impress to our friends with guessing (and getting right) what the next play will be.Here are a couple of things to look for.Tips for all you Quarterbacks.Check out the hips of the cornerback. If his behind is facing out towards the sideline, expect the defense to be in zone coverage. This means, the corner will angle the reciever towards the middle of the field where he will get help from the safety or a linebacker dropping into coverage.Now if the corner is linded up directly in front of the reciever, then he's probably in man coverage. He will jam the reciever early and try to get him to run his route along the sideline. It's like having an extra defender in coverage.Tips for the Linebackers.Check out the height of the offensive linemans helmets. If they rise up during the snap then expect a pass. If they stay low, then they are run blocking.Lesson 2. Want to find a decent restaurant on Yelp? Check out the star rating. The more stars the more you will enjoy your experience. BUT. There are a few expectations.4 1/2 stars is usually a good indicator that you are going to have a kick butt meal. Sotto Mare is a perfect example. They are top rated restaurant in North Beach. So I had some pretty high expectations and expected to be blown away by this place.My dad and I popped in here sans reservations on a chilly San Francisco evening. It was prime dinner time but they were still able to find us a nice table for two right smack in the middle of the dining room. Our server Nick was very attentive and did a great job describing each of the specials and answered all of our questions regarding the menu. 5 stars for him.The food was ok but not super memorable. We started off with the oysters. They have both West and East Coast oysters, my dad being orignally from D.C. is a snob and requested the East Coast. Ummmm, maybe those East Coast oysters don't travel very wel as I was not super impressed. Again, not bad but not great either. We finished off the plate but neither of us were excited about the starter.For my main I noticed that in bold letters they had a dish called "The Best Da$* Cioppino". The weather was cool and dreary and cioppino is a classic fall/winter dish. This one also included crabs which HELLO! it's crab season! How could I resist? IAgain, I liked it, but the dish did not include a lot of crab. And for $30 plus I expected more. I must say, I have had better cioppino and countless places. Do not get me wrong, it's good but for that kind of money it needs to be outstanding. My dad had the Fettuccine with scallops. By the expression on his face, he didn't seem overly impressed. But he did clean his plate. Good boy!Overall Sotto Mare is a perfectly fine restaurant, I am just not willing to rate this on a four plus star level. It's good, but just come with lower expectations.
Lily, Janie, and I wanted to have a pre-eat day feast (pre-Thanksgivings), and we headed to the Lobster Shack just to find out that they are closed.So we went to Sotto Mare next door. At that point, we don't care about $$, we just wanna eat like there's no tomorrow.For three skinny-@ss ladies (in other people's views), we ordered:- half dozen of oysters- Clam Chowder- Crab Cioppino- Special of the day Crab pasta- Special of the day Monk Fish (poor man's lobster)Owner: You sure you want all that? Just the Cioppino and the pasta are enough for you guysUs three: Yea, we can eat!Owner, reluctantly: Ok....So the food came. Oysters were fresh, sweet, delicious. Clam chowder was full of clams as usual. The big plate of Monk Fish was freaking fresh with hecka nice texture.  Firm and sweet. But not my favorite, a little too saucey for my taste. Lily liked it. I like my fish simple.THE CIOPPINO IS HUGE! It literally came in a POT. A big@ss pot! with some pasta in there. and... loads of crabs, clams, mussels, fish, all the sea creatures....Ohhh and the Crab pasta was my favorite! Fresh crab meats. Loads of crab meats and white sauce. Let me emphasize. LOADS OF CRAB MEATS! That was my favorite.$hit load of great seafood came in the price of $35 a piece with tips. We did great with our food, only a little bit of crab pasta and cioppino left. The owner was amazed, and commented that we ladies can really eat. Brought the leftovers home for the bf, he was overjoyed. I'm kind of glad that the Lobster Shack next door was closed. With 35 bucks, I don't think I could feast like THAT!Also, please note, Sotto Mare doesn't do lobsters. "Lobsters' overrated." they said.
The SPOT for everything seafood....the taste and quality the best damn value for seafood in the city. I swear this is the best baked fish I've had. It's perfection, it's fresh. I also have to order their clam chowder every time I come in. Last time, we had their pasta for the first time (we always order the fish) with no disappointment.The place is very welcoming mom and pop shop with the owner who is a straight shooter. If it wasn't in North Beach with impossible parking, I would come here more often. PLEASE OPEN ANOTHER LOCATION!
We walked in this place by mistake (meant to go next door). I've already had a few glasses of wine and didn't think about it. There were 6-8 ppl waiting and I thought to myself...this place must be awesome!They give you free wine while you wait (One Big Star), in less than 10 mins, we were sitting at the bar seats. The seats are pretty far apart and quite comfortable, when I saw the menu, that's when I realize I'm at the wrong place....Anyhow, almost half of the guest have their bibs on preparing to dive into their cioppino. The two of us have ordered a clam chower, pasta and risotto. The clam chower was ok (blue mermaid is better) but the risotto was super delicious. It has tons of shrimp, small scallops, clams, mussells and calamari, it can feed 2 ppl. The pepper pasta dish was decent and you can tell the pasta was made fresh. Overall, we left with a surprise, this is one great place to bring out of town friends to if they want to try seafood dishes from SF.BTW - there's no beef/chicken on the menu.
Best clam chowder I've ever had. Mussels were amazing too, they melt in you mouth. If you like seafood, you owe it to yourself to check this place out.
With over 1000 reviews, what else is there left to say? My friends and I made our trek to Sotto Mare for Ciopinno. I was so happy we did. the ciopinno was amazing!! There s tons of seafood and the broth is perfect. Even their free bread is yummy. The baguette is crisp and soft, perfect for soaking up ciopinno. I had to restrain myself from soaking up all the soup..I would have probably have cracked the bowl. We ordered the ciopinno and the seafood risotto and both were amazing. The risotto is also choc full of seafood and the rice is cooked perfectly. I am so glad I had the chance to try this place, and I can not wait to go back!
Amazing Seafood Restaurant !!!I came from LA, It is the best I ever had my Seafood Pasta w/ PINK SAUCE & Seafood Risotto....(Highly Recommend)..the seafood is fresh, price are reasonable, I still can remember how it taste after few months later.....is the best I ever had in SF....highly recommend it...MUST MUST TRY......I wish they open one in LA......
Some of the best seafood in SF, consistently!Eat these:* Cioppino (excellent flavor, pretty good portion - sharable)* Sand dabs (melts in your mouth)* Oysters (what an amazing price for SF restaurants!)* Clam chowder (FRESH seafood)Extra tips:* Don't get the pastas: they're a little bland/dry.* If they tell you they don't have any sand dabs left and suggest that you get rex soles, don't do it - it's not the same!* On a cold day, don't leave the front door open when you walk in. You will most definitely get yelled at by the very passionate lady. But do stick around, because they provide glasses of complimentary wine as you wait.* For people who don't know this area: parking is impossible! Come at least 15-30 min early.Now go and enjoy!
So I have been a dick all day long. I am sick and I am an irritating a-hole when I don't feel good. What made my day was coming to Sotto Mare. Of course, I must give praise to my fellow Yelpers! You directed me here and did not disappoint me! We started with a dozed west coast oysters. First off, 18 bucks for a dozen oysters is a freaking steal. We then split the clam chowder and seafood risotto. Both were absolutely fantastic. The portions are huge, so splitting is probably the best option. The seafood risotto was beyond plentiful with the seafood of the day. You all must order this. Five stars is definitely what this place deserves, so why four you may be wondering? The owner was smoking a damn cigarette behind the counter while cleaning. I laughed out of the outlandishness of what I was watching. Maybe he didn't get the memo a decade ago about it being ILLEGAL to smoke in a restaurant, or maybe he is just from another time, when no one gave a flying fuck. Again, I laughed but have to take away a star.I will be coming here again, its definitely worth my time.
Everyone is dead on in their reviews. Food is great, service is good with slight attitude (but fun attitude, not rude!).. Been here 4 times and always left super happy.
This is exactly what I expect from an oyster bar in San Francisco. It's efficient, classy, and can delight any epicurist. This place has gone through a little bit of a face lift in the seating area but it's starting to match it's very modern bathrooms (I had to mention it) a little more. Don't come here for anything but the fresh seafood. I love the fact that you can walk up, buy fresh seafood in bulk or have them prepare it for you. Mwah! I always opt for the west coast oysters with horseradish and lemon juice with clam chowder. This time I opted for the house salad (watching my figure for the summer) and instantly regretted missing out on the creamy goodness of homemade clam chowder. My house salad was a glorified bed of poorly shaved iceberg lettuce, one roma tomato and thousand island dressing. I'm not a big fan of thousand island but the oysters were enough to tie me over and keep me happy.My boyfriend made the sage decision to order the wild Alaskan Salmon prepared with garlic butter sauce. Can I just say how I wanted to kiss the cook if my boyfriend wasn't immediately inclined to become the incredible hulk? The intense gamey flavor of the salmon complemented the great garlic flavor. I love how the Italians make everything that much better. I can never make it through dessert but that's what North Beach is for! Thanks Gigi for all the great lunches I've had fun memories of.
My parents and younger sister are so picky when it comes to eating out. This is probably the only restaurant I brought them to that they really liked. We had local salmon with lemon grilled to perfection. Of course, the cioppino was great as usual. And I just love the creamy sauce for the sauted sea scallops. Everything was tasty and delicious.
Italian food is second only to Thai in my book. I was afraid that I would never eat orgasmic pasta after leaving Italy and then Boston, but whaddaya know--San Francisco has its own quaint if not incredibly touristy Little Italy as well. YAY.After giving me a tour of North Beach/Telegraph Hill, my friend brought me to this crab shack of a restaurant with tacky decor, slow service, and no dessert. The food more than made up for this, though. I never liked oysters because they tasted like snot (yes, I've eaten snot--weren't you five years old at one time, too?). On this occasion, I finally acquired a taste for snot--so cold, slimy, sweet, delicious. YUM.For entrees, I had the Linguine with Manila Clams and my friend had the Fettuccine with Rock Crab. The linguine was magnifica! Lots of clams, lots of pasta, and the white sauce was light, creamy, and hinted of sweet clam juice. The fettuccine was just totally bland, though--even the crab meat couldn't save it. I'd definitely come back here. It's not as cheap as it looks, but it's not priced for tourists either. A good casual dinner spot.
Oh man, Yelp def pointed me the right way with this one, on a Wednesday night with no ideas of where to go other than "we want seafood." Thank goodness for the Yelp app, because we found this place and it was suchhhh an awesome find!To start off, the Giants were playing the Rangers that night (and won!) and when we walked in, there was a wait. HOWEVER, we were immediately served wine on the house by Gigi (the owner), a friendly Italian guy. Yes, this place is so Italian-ly legit that he speaks to his employees in Italian. Doesn't get better than that!Got a ton of oysters on the half shell (like a total of 18), the cold cracked crab, sand dabs, and clam chowder. SO GOOD. And all the while a ton of wine, which I'm not even sure if we got charged for, we just kept drinking it. And the total damage wasn't even that bad, considering how much we ate (I was fully stuffed) - came out to like $160 for two including tax and tip?Anyway, highly recommended hole in the wall, I would totally come back..!
The best Cioppino in town!! It is perfect for two people, and unlike some other places I've been, this place doesn't go cheap on seafood. They go all in, all the way. And it's FRESH!!! I love the broth, too! It's one plate you can't miss out on. I am a sucker for family owned-style restaurants, and Sotto Mare presents such warm and welcoming atmosphere where you feel very comfortable even after minutes of wait. It's definitely worth it. If you are a small party of two or three, and are in the mood to get to know the people there, I definitely recommend you to sit at the bar. You might be pleasantly surprised **winks** Let's just leave it at that.If you are a big party, you definitely want to make reservation in order to avoid long wait because this place will get busy!! However, don't you worry, even if they are very busy especially in the weekend, they will tend you and care for you.
If you want fresh seafood, cute atmosphere, and great A+ service, THIS is the place to be. I read the reviews on Yelp and then went to check it out for myself. My boyfriend and I got there about 9:00pm (it would've been 8:30 if we had found parking right away. BTW, PARKING SUCKS around north beach on a friday night so just suck it up and pay valee....). We were seated right away. The service there is amazing. AMAZING. very attentive, very friendly, they actually try to socialize with you, give you recommendations, etc. I ordered the seafood linguini ($17) and it was THE BEST seafood linguini I've ever had! There was more seafood than liguini!! I asked for it a little spicy and it came out perfect. Everything tasted fresh and when I couldn't finish the rest, I got a perfect airtight container to take the rest of the food home :) They even told me to put the extra bread into the container! Overall, great atmosphere, great prices ($17 for my entree and $5 for my Hoegardden-sp?), great service. Come see for yourself, you will love it!!!!!!
Eh it was decent. Not the best I've ever had. Got the seafood risotto, black cod and clam chowder. I've had better seafood in LA. Felt tricked by other reviewers at the end of the meal.
Came here based strictly on Yelp reviews and it was one of our favorite meals in San Francisco!! I've seen several reviews about the bad service here but I honestly don't have a single complaint about anyone we interacted with. We were given a complimentary glass of wine while we waited which is always a plus in my book. For dinner, 4 of us split an order of the seafood ravioli, sand dabs and the cioppino. EVERYTHING was wonderful!! Perfectly seasoned sand dabs. Tender ravioli with a yummy filling. Cioppino was piping hot and full of seafood - they don't skimp here. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a good local restaurant with a "down home" atmosphere.
After reading the reviews here, I seriously debated not going because I didn't want to reward what was reported as rude treatment. Boy am I glad I went anyway. And to be clear, I went for the Cioppino. It truly is incredible and I highly recommend it. The rest of our food was great as well - salmon, mussels, pasta, all were delicious. One Cioppino order fed two ravenous seafood lovers quite well.We got treated great, even got hugs from the staff as we left (Luisa, her sister and our waitress). Luisa is truly a characters but a lot of fun. Yes, she is direct and you really don't want to go head to head with her. But she wasn't as scary as people make her sound. That or I'm too used to the New Yorkers I associate with :)Great food, great time. I'll definitely go again next trip!
Cioppino was indeed excellent. Definitely worthy of reordering! Risotto was also good. A bit salty for my taste but still liked it. I made a 5:30 pm reservation for Saturday two weeks piror. I got there 30 hour early and wasn't a problem to be seated. 1 star minus because I don't like how 20 % tip was added to my bill. Isn't that my decision and authority? I would have given 18% instead of 20%. I just feel a bit controlled and I don't appreciate that. Is that because it was a party over 4 people?
Finally.we had dinner at this North Beach Gem..............it lived-up to all expectations. We arrived 15 minutes early for our table at 5:45 and the place was almost full! We were seated at our reserved table near to the cooks................noisy and the smell was great! Started with wedge salads and of course we had the Cioppino and it rocked...........full of sea food and tasty with a little pasta...nice touch............not too spicy but perfect. We shared the fish stew and our daughter had the clam chowder. Nice bottle of Sangiovesa and we were happpppy...........3 people well fed and smiling out the door for $115 ....cant compare in San Francisco. Will be back soon.
Chanced upon Sotto Mare through a random Yelp search. Had to wait a couple of minutes for a table. But I didn't mind the wait because the owner sees us in the line and promptly opens a bottle of white wine and offers a glass to all of us waiting. Top-notch customer service, if you ask me. We were seated at the counter and had a full view of the kitchen. Gotta commend the great exhaust system they have there, left the place without smelling like food. Disclaimer, if you are allergic to seafood, this is not the place for you. There is nothing here that does not have seafood.If you love seafoods, however, then you are in for a treat. And it's not just fish, they have shrimp, lobster, clams, scallops, and, well, fish. They've got great service, with everybody in smiles. It's definitely a great Italian restaurant for quality time with family and friends. It's not the best place for large groups or parties with kids since it's a small place. They do have a private room for larger parties that need to be reserved in advance. Sotto Mare is a little bit away from busy Columbus Avenue but it's a great place for seafood and pasta. Everything about it is just cozy and down-to-earth, just what you expect from a homey Italian restaurant.
Rissotto awesome...cioppino even awesomer...our table...sucked. It's so busy upstairs we had to be seated downstairs. I didn't mind at first but then I saw my table and it's basically positioned in the hallway between the stairs leading downstairs and the downstairs dining room.If you go, insist and wait for upstair seating....do NOT agree to go downstairs.
If you're expecting a fancy shmancy Italian seafood restaurant, this is not it. It is a very small family-owned business squeezed into Little Italy, SF. But that doesn't matter because the food was amazing and the service was extremely friendly! Louisa was fairly entertaining; she took great care of us for our first visit. It was a beautiful, sunny afternoon so we just had to dine at one of the few tables outside. While eating the yummy bread&butter they brought out, we ordered their famous "best damn crab cioppino" and that was all we had to order! Louisa helped tied bibs on us to guard our white shirts from the red sauce, then out comes a pot of crab, clams, mussels, calamari, and penne pasta! I was in seafood heaven. It was definitely enough for 2, maybe even for 3 light eaters, because the two of us were full half-way through.Would love to come back!
this was my first time having cioppino and it was extremely satisfying. the sauce was really subtle yet delicious. it was light so it didn't leave you feeling like crap afterwards but it was so packed with flavor that u didn't wanna stop eating til the huge gigantic bowl of amazing fresh seafood was gone. also fairly priced at $40 (feeds two people). there was a short-ish wait after 8pm on a weekday so reservations are recommended. but they give you some wine on the house while you're waiting!
Such good food!!!! It was our second time here tonight and we are so full and content  . The cioppino is amazing and the mussel steamers are to die for. I would recommend this place to anyone. Also, the have a very reasonable corkage fee of $10 per bottle and will waive it if you buy a bottle there. We generally bring a white for the mussels and a nice zin or chianti for the cioppino.
The food was delicious!!! We started with 1/2 crab legs w/cocktail sauce. Sand dabs and sea scallops were amazing. The sauce for the sea scallops was light but flavorful. the Pinot bottle of wine fit perfectly with the meal. Its a diner style atmosphere with a great staff. We sat at the bar and watched the magic happen in the kitchen. Lively restaurant not great for large groups unless you call ahead of time. I would def go back there again!The bill for ALL that $85
One word: Cioppino!I didn't even order it. My parents did. But believe me, I was all up in that stealing shrimp and dipping my bread in that tasty sauce. I actually ordered the Boston clam chowder. It was easily the best chowder of my life. No big. I still can't get over the cioppino. It's like what a Sanrio grab bag is to a little girl. Mysterious at first, but once you open it there is pleasant surprise after pleasant surprise. Prices are decent for the huge portions you get. They keep bringing the bread out and when I finished my chowder, I was offered more. The service at this place is AMAZING. I have never felt more wanted at a restaurant in my life.
I ate at this place tonight with three others. I found the menu to be overly simplistic. A lot of the usual dishes were not there. We started with a dozen oysters, and they were OK. They could have put horseradish in with the cocktail sauce. I ordered the clam chowder and a house salad. The chowder was adequate, but I had to get up and ask the server for some oyster crackers.  The "salad" was a pile of shredded lettuce with tomato wedges and thousand island or russian dressing. I think their cost for the lettuce and tomato and dressing may be 50 cents, and they charged about $6.50.  Sort of weird. I just didn't feel Italian to me at all. It just seemed like something is really lacking. The house wine (red) was good. I felted sort of shocked at the bill: we only had two half carafes of house wine, a dozen oysters, two or three house salads, shrimp cocktail, and two soups...all for $120! We didn't even have an entree! One of us didn't order anything. Granted, perhaps I should have looked at the menu more closely!I'm sorry, but this place just seems like another rip-off tourist place on that Green St. strip. This does not feel at all like real Italian food - just adequate tourist food.
I like the Fresh Oyster hereAnd the pasta there is amazing!
Crab is in season and I have been craving it like a mofo. So I yelped crab and Sotto Mare came up. I can't believe how many times I have driven by this place and never once stepped in!It's located right in the heart of North Beach, around tons of resturants and coffee shops. They had a sign that said Valet parking in the front, but they also have a parking lot right across the street for $11. The place is pretty awesome. It's super homey, everyone is really nice, and the decor is old school but so cute. We ordered a bottle of wine, the "best damn ciopinno" with crab, and a pasta. All of the dishes were super super good. The Ciopinno is HUGE!!! I shared it with my BF, took home left overs, pigged out on the leftovers, and still had another full sized portion left over! All of this, for just $80. I think that is a good deal, and I am really happy with the service. I will be back here again.
The ciopinno is so delicious! I also had the Rex sole with bordelaise sauce... So so so so good!!!!!! Brought my dad here when he visited SF, it was so freaking loud. we couldnt talk .. other than that service is great and the owner sometimes gives us free wine. YAY!
Excellent sea food. Oysters were really good, also loved the sea food carpaccio
My new favorite place in San Francisco! My friend and I found this place on yelp and decided to try it out. The people were so nice, wine while you wait, and the best Cioppino ever. Lots of delicious seafood and the sauce is amazing. This one will have me craving to come back!
If you like seafood there are few Italian restaurants with a better selection. As others said, the cioppino is incredible but be sure to wear the bib they give you or wear clothes you don't mind getting a few tomato stains on. The bread leaves something to be desired, but I didn't go there for the bread. If you don't have reservations (you have to call) then expect to wait 45 min or so. They are happy to give you a glass of wine while you wait.
Excellent seafood in a great atmosphere, definitely would go back
I love this place!!Its small, cozy and has a lotta attitude ( hey, kinda like me).the people that work here add to the stars just as much as the food. Luisa, the upbeat waitress that seats me every time is a sweetheart! she always makes it a point to tell my friend, no matter who I am with that I've had many boyfriends! I tell her not to bust me out anymore but she does it every time, its so cute!I always order the ciopino. I love seafood and this is the best Ciopino I've ever had. Its filled with generous servings of crab, shrimp, mussels, calamari, clams and pasta. Its the only time I'd eat bread ( I don't believe in eating bread cause you shouldn't let it take up stomach space). The broth is so yummy, you have to soak it up with the bread! The portion is very big so you can order this to share between two people and it would be enough.The dessert menu, which basically tells you they don't sell dessert, just cracks you up!one of my fav places in SF!
Terrible service with mediocre food. Though they were generous in their seafood portions, the cioppinno had a generic tomato flavor that at best was a grade above Campbell's tomato soup.... might I add the bread was cold, stale, and had something gray and furry growing out of it. Wasn't able to request for a replacement because service was so bad....
I'm a seafood snob, I'll admit it. I'm from Maryland and we live for seafood. I'm not much on trying it out of town. But come on, it's San Francisco another seafood Mecca. A family member to us to avoid the Wharf and go here. Yelp reviewers all praised the place for it's food and service.Well everyone was right. It was like walking into an old Italian families living room and joining them for family dinner. We started joking with the family as soon as we got in. I showed our hostess a Yelp review that said she was courteous and helpful. I told her that she had better live up to that review. She joking said "I always do." She wasn't kidding.The menu has been covered and praise for the meals in just about every other review. All I can say is I second the praise.
we dropped in without reservations on a yelp whim. the hostess was gracious to give us a table downstairs before the saturday nite rush hit . we ordered the chowder to start and it was a winner. a bowl would be enough for a nice dinner by itself. then the house special Clam seafood cioppino arrived at our table. it was excellant . full of rich flavor with the right amount of seafood and pasta...good bread to dip and we were stuffed. small wine selection but that was not a problem.  this was our first dinner on our 5 day vacation in san fran , and it was terrific!
Best Damn Cioppino + Zin/red of your choice = friggin' awesome. PS- the pesto sauce? Mmmmmmm. oh yea, I'd do it again... word to yo motha.
This restaurant is a gem. We ordered the local oysters, and they were everything oysters should be: fresh, salty and decadent. For dinner, even though we had no idea what Cioppino was, we just went for it because it claimed to be the best ever. Oh my gosh, it really was the best medley of seafood I've ever had--crabs, clams, mussels, prawns, etc in a delicious homemade marinara. The atmosphere at Sotto Mare is very intimate and friendly; the owner even stopped by to teach us how to properly eat our crabs so that no good bit got left behind! (ha) We had a fabulous time, and definitely would become regulars if we lived in San Francisco.
My husband and I took our daughter here for what we hoped would be a fun evening with good food . . . we were definitely not disappointed!!! The fun was attributed to the lively conversation of the locals and the great sense of humor of our waitress. And, the food was just incredible. Everything we ordered was delicious. We laughed a lot, ate a lot and just had the best time ever at this place. Highly recommend for an "eclectic, definitely not high end" evening. Come casual to this place and come ready to have a noisy, good time with great food! Not the place for a quiet, romantic, upscale dinner.
The last post I had stated that the food was awesome and I have to agree that the cioppino is still great but the service SUCKS!!!!!We walked in and looked around to find the owner and a few employees blabbing. No one even cared to look up to see if we were helped or needed to be seated. The restaurant was not even busy. Then I would understand.This has happened two times since my original post. COME ON SOTTO MARE.....STOP DISAPPOINTING ME!!!!!
It is the best cioppino ever. In addition the atmosphere is fun. This is a San Franciscian staple for us from now on. Great food, great service and great fun.
I had the poor man lobster and it was delicious. Loved it. The sauce a lone was good enough.
Was back just a few weeks ago. Had some sand dabs and scallops.Yep, it' still rocks!
A lady who runs a near by bakery recommended Gigi's Soto Mare to us. There are so many Italian eateries in the area that it can be impossible to choose only one if you are on vacation and in this part of the city for a short time. We took her advice and ordered the Cioppino for two. It was $38 and very satisfying. It came in a silver tureen, steaming hot, and filled with crab, calamari, and other great seafood. Sat at the bar and watched the chefs cook. There were some other good looking dishes coming out as well! Delicious fresh bread and house wine to go with our meal, plus a charming old time atmosphere made for an unforgettable time. In my humble opinion, Sotto Mare deserves the good marks it gets on Yelp.
We were in town for a 3 day business meeting and extended our stay to meet up with some friends.  One of them recommended this place for lunch on a gorgeous October Saturday afternoon where it seemed the entire city was out and about.  By meeting at 1:30, we were able to get a table for 3 without any problem.  It is a small place for sure, but there were a few empty tables at the time so it worked out. (Parking is definitely an issue in North Beach unless you get lucky or are a local with a card that allows you to pay without finding a roll of quarters. I mention this because the people in the restaurant were nice enough to exchange enough for 2 hours once we told them we were eating there)The service was very fast, the food was exceptional.  We decided very early on that this was going to be 'dinner for lunch' as the portions were ample and we all sampled some chowder first, then an entree.  I had a seafood linguine that was memorable and very rich.  The bread did not go to waste is all I will say.We finished our meal in under an hour so didn't even have to go back out and feed the meter, and the total for 3 people with tip was $90.  Not cheap, but again since this turned out to be our dinner, I thought it was fine.Only reason I didn't go 5 stars was that two minutes after I paid the bill, we were asked sort of politely to leave the table given that they had two parties waiting.  I understand that, but it was 2:30 by then and not prime time and would have liked to have 5 more minutes to savor the meal and enjoy conversation with a friend.
The oysters were very fresh. The sand dabs were to die for! Clam chowder also very good...service was very helpful..Great experience! Would definitely go again!
I have a new favorite lace for seafood in North Beach!It had been a couple years since I was in San Francisco, and North Beach my favorite neighborhood. I happened upon Sotto Mare while walking along Green Street. It is a lovely atmosphere with seating in front of the restaurant, and both table and counter seating inside. Great stone work and decor.My grandmother used to make baccala, salt cod in tomato sauce, and I saw this on the appetizer menu. I selected this with one of the catch-of-the-day, the petrale sole. Positively scrumptious! The baccala was mild and flavorful. The sole with lemon caper sauce was light and delicious. Both were paired with a glass of sauvignon blanc.In a neighborhood so blessed with a trove of good restaurants, Sotto Mare is where to head. Next time, it will be cioppino.
I dont know whats up with me but did not like the place.Decor horrible, place is cramped, and FOOD.... meh.I ordered the Smoked Salmon Pasta. Oh boy what a mistake. Horrible. couldnt even finish it. The bread they bring before the food is cheap.Did not like the ambience.NO I will not come here again EVEN for free.
Probably my favorite thing about this joint is how brash the old men who work there are. When my group walked in with a reservation the other night, one of them yelled at me, "What do you want?" When we were seated, the other old man brought us our menus and said, "Here's where you eat. You order some food, and then you regret it." Wrong, old man! This is the best seafood pasta I have ever eaten. I inhaled my linguine with manila clams and kept stealing bites off my boyfriend's fettuccine with scallops. I will be back.
So I went there because this place has great reviews. I didn't want to get the Cioppino because my husband doesn't eat seafood so I did not want a huge cauldron of seafood soup :D Instead I had the seafood risotto. Flavor was delicious. The only thing I didn't like was that it had too much octopus. I don't like incessantly chewing something and never going anywhere with it haha. But besides that I would definitely go there again.
Updating my old review, since having been back more than a half dozen times since 2008 and each and every time coming out with the following:1. a belly full of the most delicious cioppino ANYWHERE.2. buzzing off tasty yet inexpensive italian wine.3. leftovers of the aforementioned cioppino for breakfast.5. a hug from the nice lady who runs the place.6. a feeling of general contentment and rediscovered love for San Francisco.And as a bonus, you get great service, and unique historic SF ambiance.To say I love this place is an understatement.
While the spunky atmosphere was fun, and the food was delicious, the service was a little substandard. A neat, homey restaurant like Sotto Mare should have fun energetic staff.  Our waitress was robot-like and a little slow. We had to re-request items. Other than the service, we had a wonderful experience. We made reservations and arrived promptly. Our table was available right away. Menu wasn't extensive but any seafood lover won't be disappointed. All three meals ordered were great (I tasted all of them). My seafood ravioli (special) was DELICIOUS!  I do think some of the dishes could have been prepared a little healthier though. The sea scallops were super buttery (but great) and the other two dishes were loaded with sauce (so yummy thou!).I would go again, (with my fingers, hoping for better service).
We arrived here at around 9:20 pm and were told by the hostess that we would not be able to be seated. Dejected, we sat outside and glanced in at the tasty meals, while we searched on yelp for nearby restaurants. I guess the hostess felt sorry and let us in!! Cha-ching! oh yeah! It felt like christmas! We were asked and given glasses of our choice of red/ white wines and were seated in approx 10-15 mins.We had the famous ciopini and am I glad that we got admission! The best you've ever tasted! Its ok to eat with fingers but ask them for a bib if you decided to be UNprepared and wear a white shirt! :-) Didn't have any room for dessert. Will definitely go back when we're in town!
This is now a required stop every time I'm in town or even within an hour or two from San Francisco. If you don't stop, quit everything you are doing right this second and get a giant tureen of Cioppinno, there is nothing more that I can do to help you. You are seriously hopeless. Even for the poor people who are allergic to shellfish, it may be worth getting an emergency trach, JUST so you can have this little bit of heaven on your lips for a few moments before you begin to gasp for air. I admit freely that this soup turned me into a complete utter pig. The tureen has about 6-7 bowls of soup in it from my estimate and I must have had about 4-5 as my poor wife is a slow eater. Crab, Mussel, Squid you name it. It's all in there and it's cooked to perfection. What makes it all the more amazing is that it's a family restaurant. Having the matriarch come out and ensure that we liked her creation was just the little extra "touch" that this place needed. I'm a bit chipped that I can never not get that Cioppino- I did a quick survey and everything else that people were eating looked damn fantastic as well. You can freely embrace your inner-glutton here without shame. I dig that.
I made my comment about this place based on my experience. I DO NOT APPRECIATE A NEGATIVE FEEDBACK FROM THE OWNER ABOUT THIS quote from the owner of this place:You haven't a clue about this place, Jimmy boy. However, your kind need not return so continue to eat at the Depot, which I actually like a bit.Actually I was being nice so I gave this place 3 stars for OVERCOOKING MY PASTA which other yelpers have commented on. Now I actually think it should have only 1 star. I HATE OVERCOOKED PASTA! If you like unpredictable food quality then come here or ELSE go to Swan!BTW, what is your "kind"?! Anyone who tells the truth about their experiences? Sounds like someone who is a little intolerant of different opinions. This here ain't the south, this is San Francisco. Isn't Yelp created to enable differing opinions?
Scallops were not great, possibly because of too much garlic in sauce. They also come with no choice of sides - you get steamed broccoli that a lot of people don't like. Chowder was ok, IMHO bacon only made it worse. Host was ignoring us for a long time. Overall, not terrible but there better options in the area.
Returned for a second helping of Sotto Mare, likely to be the last. Food and service were exemplary. The problem with the unacceptably high noise level is that it is easily preventable since it comes from the staff showing off with noisy antics in the food prep area. The constant clatter is tedious. If they toned down their performance with skilled finesse, then diners could eat in peace and civil conversation.
Holy balls, that was some damn good seafood. We are from Colorado, so whenever we go anywhere where we can feel the ocean, we celebrate. We didn't have any reservations, but a table outside was open. 1 1/2 hr wait or face the chilly weather. We went for it, and I'm glad we did. My fiance is Italian, so she knows her stuff. We both grew up in Boston, so the attitudes of the no-frills waitresses and waiters was totally fine. Our waitress Shelly seriously felt like mum was serving you. She joked with us, made fun of our group, sat in my chair when I left and was just an overall great person. She was genuine, that is key. Oh, and when it came down to us asking questions, she knew her stuff. You rock Shelly!Now to the cioppino. We were totally blown away. Just about every amazing sea creature turned up in our pot which helped the brisk San Fran air to not seem so bad. The couple of bottles of wine certainly helped too. Our friends dined on some clam chowder and some kind of bottom-feeding fish with lemon, garlic sauce. I had a bite...mmmmm mmmmm. I'll be in the city again during the summer and I'm going back here, for sure
Oooh buddy, I went here a couple of months ago and it was great! I had the clams with linguine which was sooo rich and tasty I ate it cold the next day. My bf had the pasta with smoked salmon and that too was super good. The service at Sotto Mare is great. When we walked into the restaurant we were greeted with smiling faces and when we left we both got hugs from the hostess. She was adorable. I will definitely be back for more.
As the foster parents for Italian and West Coast seafood cuisine's illegitimate child, Sotto Mare deserves our generous donations for child support. Their Crab Cioppino is a masterpiece composed with a plethora of seafood ingredients: mussels, shrimp, fish, calamari, and dungeness crab. It's slow cooked long enough to infuse all flavors into a rich, aromatic soup concoction proclaimed with the ability to induce the itis. Their Seafood Linguine Alfredo with freshly seasoned clams around the plate coats the palate with intense, bold flavors that makes Mario Batali's Fettuccine Alfredo green with spinach. Their Seafood Risotto's buttery and creamy finish takes 37 eager spoonfuls and 223 generous bites to get to the bottom of the plate. If you don't believe me, go try them for yourself. Support the Sotto Mare Fund.
What. The. F.All y'all are smoking too much weed, getting the munchies, heading here, eating and reviewing it after.Are you serious?Located in the armpit of North Beach (yes, it just got worse), Sotto Mare was packed but the hostess said we could sit at the bar. Sweet.Sotto Mare was decorated with the tackiest ocean-related things you find at garage sales but I thought it was cute. The counters had every single condiment you could think of, including a roll of paper towels.OKAY, so admittedly, we didn't order the "famous" crab cioppino but a restaurant can't just have 1 good dish. The other dishes gotta be just as comparable right?First, I got the shrimp cocktail.... all aboard the Fail Boat. WTF, I meant to order the PRAWNS cocktail but instead, got a plate full of little shrimp with a glob of cocktail sauce. PASS - not even worth the $9.00 price tag. Costco has better shrimp cocktail for a fraction of the price.But, my 2 stars is not for the shrimp cocktail. The 2 stars is for their risotto. "Favorite risotto"? Really. The risotto we got was not creamy and lacked something, je ne sais quoi.OH I KNOW: FLAVOR.We doused the risotto with their processed Parmesan cheese and even that couldn't save this dish. The seafood bits were plentiful but the dish was just not that good.We also got the mussels in broth and that was okay. You can't really mess up this dish. The broth was really flavorful, aka salty, and a clam managed to find its way into the mix.I didn't eat that clam. It's like an uninvited guest at a party - they're up to no good.Service was great. Our server mentioned the crab cioppino and grilled sea bass were the popular dishes, though they sell a lot of everything.I'm willing to give it a try for the crab cioppino but honestly, not sure if I want to make the trip back. My heels aren't meant to walk all over those dirty sidewalks.PEACE.
During my last visit to San Francisco, one of the dishes that my girlfriend really wanted to try was cioppino and we ended up deciding on Sotto Mare to get our fix. The reviews seemed to be pretty split between a few places including Sotto Mare as the go to spots so we were optimistic on our walk uptown (although downhill). We waited a few minutes to be seated and were welcomed with a hostess who was brusque to the other customers and was busting balls left and right. Very old school Italian and the interior of the restaurant was as well. No complaints about either of those and my GF loved her attitude. I'm sure some would be turned off but we were highly entertained.We started off our meal with a bowl of clam chowder which was accompanied with some bread. Simply, the Italian bread we were served was not good. Now I do understand that this is an Italian restaurant first and foremost and we did get Italian bread instead of the expected sourdough. This would have been fine if it was good bread but instead it was cold and reminiscent of bad supermarket bread. For the food we were ordering the quality of the bread is critical to the overall enjoyment with the dipping and the sopping and the like. The clam chowder was pretty tasty but nothing worth writing home about. The big dish of the night was the crab cioppino that we ordered to split. It came out in a GIANT metal serving container and full of broth and seafood looking fantastic. The crab was definitely the star of the show and was sweet and salty and delicious. No problems with the crab or really with the mussels and the clams in the cioppino. The issues started with the shrimp and the scallops that were part of the dish. Both were tiny and super chewy and the kind of seafood that is definitely purchased frozen for super cheap. It really took away from the experience and added little to no flavor by themselves. The part that killed the whole dish though was the broth. Yeesh. I expected the broth in a cioppino to be full of seafood flavor and have at least some seasoning. To have a broth that basically tasted like tomato soup was a crime against some of the high quality seafood that was floating around in it.For a place with such high reviews I was expecting more and got less.
Stopped in here for lunch. Place was 40% capacity. Two servers, they couldn't decide who was going to wait on us. So we finally asked to place our order. Food was great, service just got worse. Waitress didn't ask how the food was, or if we would like another drink. If the servers acted like they cared a little this place would be 5 stars.
WONDERFUL ITALIAN SEAFOOD PLACE.When they say San Francisco has amazing foods, they mean this place. This place isn't big at all, so if you go there during peak hours, you'll wait for good 30 minutes before seated. Maybe longer.My friend and I went here on a recommendation from my other friends who just visited here. I am NOT a seafood lover so I didn't really look forward to come here knowing I won't really enjoy the foods. I am now a seafood lover after a visit from this place.My friend ordered Linguine with combination of seafoods and I got Fettuccine with Scallops - Scallops is the ONLY seafood I really like.The host lady made sure we're well taken care of. She frequently came by and asked us how we're doing and constantly telling her staff "I see people not eating! Go help them!" with Italian accent. Cute.The foods were excellent! Wow. My pasta wasn't to creamy like ones from Garden that has Olive in front of its name. And, here is the best part - THERE WERE PLENTY OF SCALLOPS!!! Whenever I go to seafood places and order scallops - they only bring out 3 MAX. I have never been to place where they gave out more than 3. Now, the scallops from this place
I think I've eaten here enough times for the lovely owner to recognize my face and name. Risotto is awesome. Scallops are great. Cioppino is the best I've ever had. I love this place and I'm thoroughly pissed that this gem place has been discovered by so many people. But I always get to eat well when I am here.
One of the most happening and live restaurants in San Fran. I know seafood being from New Orleans and all be it the menu is different the freshness of the catch stays the same. Had the cioppino and it was grand. It's much like our Coubion, but with more than just fish. A must if ever in Frisco, the locals know their stuff.
Went here the other day to celebrate after graduating from college. Was looking for place that would be delicious and create a memorable experience without being stodgy, formal, and overpriced.Nailed it.Split a crab louie salad and a prawn cocktail as an appetizer and then had 2 orders of the cioppino.  One was for my family to split and one was for me. :) It is about the right amount for 2 people, or one very hungry college graduate.The cioppino was in-fucking-credible. pardon my french, but it was truly a masterpiece. Such a wonderful mix of fresh and perfectly cooked seafood, from squids/octopus to muscles to clams to crab to scallops and whatever else was in there... all fresh and absolutely delicious. Additionally, the tomato-based soup portion of the dish is delicate, well-spiced, and richly flavorful. I dont even know how to describe it properly. I could have eaten a bowl of it with just the pasta, however the cooked sea creatures really put it over the top.This was one of the best seafood experiences I've had in SF, and I've had quite a few, as I love seafood. I will definitely be returning here whenever I can. The prices are quite reasonable for the quality and the quantity of food received. I really want to try the seafood risotto, but i'll be hard pressed to ever order anything other than the cioppino.
im a huge fan of this place for their Cioppino!if you havent had Cioppino before, you definitely need to come here...one order is large enough for 2 to share easily...filled with an assortment of mixed seafood (clams, mussels, shrimp, squid, crab) and pasta....and covered in sweet, salty, tangy marinara sauce...this is a great dish to share and be completely satiated when you have that craving for seafood or pasta...
Recomended by a friend, and followed his game plan........Started out with the sand dabs as an app, then split the chowder, cioppino, and steamed mussels with my wife. I have been to seafood restaurants from Cali to Vancouver Bc, hands down the best cioppino I have ever had.Decor is a bit causal, just like the old Italians like, but the food is nothing to mess with.Intimate family style set up with five star food and friendly service
Yes, the sand dabs!If you make this a place to try more than once or if you don't mind passing plates around, we also love some of the specials that come around as well as the seafood linguine. Very delicious.There is a huge space under the restaurant so I sometimes get a little bummed by the 45 minute wait only to find that space is empty when you head down there. Also, why can't we take call-aheads for two?
What more can you ask of seafood than for it to be FRESH?Definitely the freshest shellfish I've ever had in my life.So good. Not a fancy place decorations-wise but it's fun, friendly, and very very very delicious. I visited about 3 weeks ago and had the mussels and the cioppino and am craving them still. Everywhere I go now I order shellfish in hopes that it will stack up to Sotto Mare's. I came here with my boyfriend and sat at the bar. We really enjoyed our night chatting with the couple next to us who were probably the most friendly people we've ever met. Big thanks to them! and Big thanks to Sotto Mare for a dinner and a lovely night in Little Italy, SF.Read the dessert menu! and take his advice.
What a find! Cioppino, sand dabs, clam chowder were all awesome. But iy was topped off with a the feeling of sitting down to eat with family even though we were at the bar! Don't miss out on this place...go hungry, be ready to eat!
Fellow yelper and friend Lawrence C first introduced me to Sotto Mare and it really is as good as it gets. We got the oysters, rex sole and the cioppino when we came and I was stuffed to the point that it was painful to walk. I am a huge HUGE fan of cioppino but often find myself disappointed at the ways restaurants often butcher it (watery tomato base, disappointingly small amount of seafood). But Sotto Mare makes it perfect. They pack so much fresh seafood (crab, shrimp, clams, mussels, fish, squid, pasta) in the pot, it seems endless. The tomato sauce is rich and flavorful, perfect for dipping with bread. I came back again today for lunch and shared the cioppino with a friend, it was as good as I remembered it to be. The family that runs the place is so friendly and makes you feel right at home. One of them even joked around with us and tied my bib for me. The bread bowl was never emptied and they made sure to give us plenty to soak up the cioppino tomato sauce with. Love love love this place.
Great food. Not the friendliest service, however. Awesome cioppino and the oysters were terrific.
Came here for lunch on a sunny afternoon. There were four of us girls, and we didn't make any reservation. Two of us arrived first, and it was quite empty on a Saturday afternoon. We sat down and looked at the menu while waiting for the other. There were two waitresses, and one of them didn't look pleased that we were taking up a table and waiting even though the dinning room was quite empty. Nevertheless, she gave us our water, bread and butter, and came to check on us occasionally.After my friends arrived, we ordered a bowl of clam chowder, the famous crab ciopinno, the pesto linguine, the linguine with manila clams and the risotto. The chowder was okay, it wasn't anything different. Creamy and clams and bacon-filled! Their pesto was unique, it was on the creamier side and not too garlicky. The linguine with clam and the risotto were also okay, didn't have much to say there. The ciopinno on the other hand, was huge! It came in a pot, which my friends and I did not expect, considering how much food we ordered for four girls! The ciopinno itself already could feed 2-3 people. I also did not expect that it came with penne pasta at the bottom since it wasn't described on the menu. It was a delightful eat since I had a great time digging through the pot-filled of seafood. Along with the penne, the aromatic ciopinno contained crab, mussels, clams, fish, and calamari. To me, the best thing in that pot of ciopinno was the sauce! My friend couldn't stop dipping bread into it, and I couldn't stop eating the penne that was in it since it was drenched with sauce!Overall Sotto Mare's food was good. I think I would come back, and I would probably only order the ciopinno to share.
This little divey place has the best ciopino ever ! If you want to have a taste of good italian fisherman's food this is the place to go . Looooove it !
Very lucky on a Saturday night, got seated without much of a wait (10 minutes total) at about 630pm or so in the basement of their restaurant. It was alright, can be a little claustrophobic for some I can imagine.Had the ciopinno, it was good but I think I prefer scoma's lazy man's ciopinno. Bread was cold and nothing to write home about. I liked the seafood pasta. Overall a decent restaurant with reasonably good food! Ciopinno was about 30+ and pasta dish was about 20. It was just enough for our party of 3.
Yelpers you FAILED us, for the first time!! The guy and I were going to Cobb's and decided that dinner should probably be in the works beforehand, since I have a "cheap date" drinking problem and since it was a 2 drink minimum we were going to run into some problems. So naturally, being the wonderful person he is, he picked the "best" restaurant in NB based on reviews and took me there. Of course, we start with oysters. "Don't eat oysters within the month that doesn't have an R", and it's MAY, but who cares we went for it anyways. The west coast ones were good, but the east coast--I have never feared for food poisoning more in my life than when he ate one. For the rest of our meal I couldn't get the visual of taking him to the hospital and taking care of Molly all weekend while he recovered out of my head...and that *really* ruins experience for me.The crab was good, the oyster shooter was REALLY good, though. So two stars for that. But the pasta was supposed to be pesto, no where did it say "pesto cream", and the service kind of took a little longer than expected. We asked for the dessert menu and we're handed two pieces of paper that say something along the lines of "I have been alive for 62 years and have heart problems, diabetes, etc, so I cannot in good conscious serve items that prompt that in my restaurant, but here is a list of places that do." We asked for dessert, not a sob story. I'm sorry, but seriously? You could have saved us some time by just saying that you don't sell it. The owner gave Rob a free half glass of wine and put some wine to color my water...but there was bits of cork in it. I'm a bartender, so that is *unacceptable* to me. Next time we're going somewhere else.
Bam! This place is AWESOME. Great seafood, reasonably priced and fun staff. Sit at the bar - way more fun.
DELICIOUS!Highly recommended. Just go! You'll love it...I tried 4-5 dishes (3 pastas, oyster, and a small salad). Delicious. I can't find other word to describe. Might be a little pricey. But drag your friends along and share. It's worth it!Smiling chef behind the counter (the one who made pasta) - talk to him! He's really nice.
The crab louis salad was very fresh, with lots of crab. The clam chowder was only okay. I had a mimosa, which was tasty, and only cost $6 unlike some parts of SF where it would be $12.
Got the seafood risotto and it was a fine dish for how fast they're able to get it out. However, it was good to just ok. I do love the small old school SF feel and the staff was very nice. Glad we went on the early side or the wait would have gotten crazy. Would come back again for sure.
Walked in and noticed two things immeadiately, first that it is really small restaurant, and second the glass-topped cooler with beatiful fresh fish, crabs and fish filets inside of it.The decor here is pretty eclectic: nautical stuff, photos of the owners dog, crazy fish from all of the worlds oceans and seas, and some other knick nacks. Also noticed the open kitchen, which I am always a fan of because it lets me know that the cooks are not up to any shenanigans.They start you off with water and bread and butter, like every other restaurant. While munching on a piece of bread I noticed the clam chowder someone a little ways down was enjoying and it looked great so I had to order some.Note, if you come here do yourself a favor and get some clam chowder. I've had clam chowder all over the country and can honestly say that this is some of the best. It's not too thick, not too thin, just right. The clams, cream, potatoes, celery, seasoning, and other ingredients blend together to create a taste that I wish could stay in my mouth all day and all night, it's that good.As for the entrees, I got the halibut, my mom went with the sand dabs, and my dad got the scallops.Scallops are one of the few foods that for whatever reason I just don't like. I tried one though and it was good, fresh, cooked perfectly, and in a tasty lemon butter sauce. If all scallops tasted like this they might be something I could get down with.The sand dabs were delicious.As for the halibut, it was really good, and it was cooked perfectly, but for some reason it wasn't a piece of fish that just knocked my shoes off. The lemon caper sauce with it was savory and complemented the fish well, and the vegetables on the side were fresh, tasty, and got me some vitamins.On top of the quality of food the service is excellent and the woman in charge of the place is really friendly and you can tell that she cares deeply about her business and the experience that customers have here.I'll definitely give this spot my business again.
The cioppino was probably the best food out of their menu. The sauce in the cioppino was great. I'm giving it only 2 stars because we waited for 2 hours to get our food. We came a long way for their food and after having waited so long, the food just wasn't spectacular enough to justify the wait. It was good but it wasn't amazing. It might have been different if we came at a lunch hour but I will not come here again just for the wait alone.  One more thing, the clams were terrible.
This place is amazing. They have a lobster vibrator thingie when your table is ready. My boy toy and I got the ciopinno anda salmon pasta to split. It was way mroe than enough foodl. The cioppino was so good, probably the best meal I've had in SF. It had a bunch of different seafood in it. The waitstaff was also really nice. The wait was a bit over an hour but we just went to a bar next door to drink
4 in our party and everyone was happy. Great seafood linguini and risotto. Excellent seafood chowder. Friendy service. Would rate it 4 1/2 stars
Thank you, yelp, my life is so much better with you in it.Hubby wanted seafood and I wanted North Beach, so Sotto Mare it was.I didn't read the reviews before we went, and we were pleased to see only one couple ahead of us in line when we got there. We waited, the anticipation building because of the wonderful aromas that filled the air. We were basically ignored by the busy wait staff and the owner/host for ten minutes or so. We were then given an electronic lobster pager and told to go to either the bar on the left or the right or two doors down for a drink and to expect to wait "for a long time". One drink later, our lobster buzzed and we were led down into the basement. This was fine with us, as the temperature was significantly cooler down there.Our busboy was sweet and our waitress was great. She told us that it was 9:15 and the kitchen closed at 9:30 so the owner decided to seat the rest of the people on the wait list downstairs so that everyone could be served. I think we were in what was considered their banquet room.We ordered the lettuce wedge salad to share. Excellent dressing. DH ordered the cioppino and I went for the sand dabs. Our waitress told us the cioppino was enough for two, but she didn't tell us the same was true for the sand dabs! Holy moly! Sand dabs were good, after I added a little salt to them. I could not finish the platter of say ten or twelve filets off, especially after DH gave me a little of the cioppino. OMG, it was good. The broth was divine. I begged for more.I'll be back.
one word: scallops. AMAZING. its seriously the kind of stuff that you dream about eating on a daily basis but can't handle the calories or making it yourself. oysters were fresh and yummy.minus one star because somehow it took us an hour to get our main dishes even after people who were next to us (on both sides) got seated and served well after we had placed or orders.
This place can get packed real easy...so come early. The food here is good, but the service is sub-standard :(I came here with a friend on a Friday night, and there a good number of people waiting to be seated (which is expected). The nice thing is that they give you complementary wine while you wait to be seated. BAD:Walked in the door to put our names down on the list...as I entered I hear "CAN YOU KEEP THE DOOR CLOSED, PEOPLE ARE TRYING TO EAT AND ARE FREEZING!"....which came across as rude and me not wanting to eat here. On top of that...when you wait for a table you HAVE to wait in a SMALL square right IN FRONT of the door. There were 8 people JAMMED elbow to elbow trying to wait for a table...ridiculous.The lady who was taking people's names and seating them definitely came across as a RUDE BITCH. And probably was aware of it, and did not care. But once you get past that and sit down, you will have some good food.GOOD:Their Ciopionno is good. BUT if you want REALLY GOOD Ciopionno go to Tadich Grill. The difference is in the sauce, and shrimp. This place served up small shrimp that did not have a lot of flavor. While their sauce was good, Tadich's has more flavor. If the only reason you are coming here is for Ciopionno, you should go to Tadich because 1) Taste's WAY BETTER, 2) Price is WAY cheaperTheir Sand Dabs are pretty good. This fish is very light and is cooked and seasoned well. Their Oyster shooters are pretty good as well. If your into that sort of thing. They say there is alcohol in it, but you can't really taste it. All you taste is the Bloody Mary Mix and a good Oyster.
Woo hooo is right! What an amazing restaurant! I was visiting San Francisco with my boyfriend for a lovely weekend get away. He brought me here because he had been here before He raved about the delicious food. I wasn't sure what to expect other than the simple fact that I was visiting such a beautiful city.Beautiful people work here..... YES! Beautiful People with an amazing spirit about themselves. This truly makes a place. Such energy I got from the staff and I felt this place must be family owned because they actually cared about the people coming in. We had about a 15 minute wait (which I didn't care about because I was in the most amazing city) Let me tell you...............WORTH THE WAIT!!!!Service with a smile! All the staff was asking us how everything was. We ordered "The best damn Cioppino" Let me tell you the title is on it and the Cioppino was the most delicious stew I had ever tasted. I wanted to go back the next day but I guess they are closed on Sundays and we only had 1 day left in the city. I was brain storming of ways to bring another pot back to the hotel.I will visit here every time I visit the bay which I hope is sooner rather than later!Thank you Sotto Mare for an amazing experience, delicious food, excellent service, and chefs that cook with love.I will be returning hopefully sooner rather than later!Ciao...
Since we love to fly to SF for great meals, we went back to Sotto Mare for lunch the other day. We arrived at 11:30am so it wasn't too crowded yet. We were seated at the counter. We asked the waitress about the raw oysters since they had 2 types ($2.50 for East Coast or $1.50 each for West Coast). She was honest and told me that they're about the same size so why pay more? So I ordered a dozen of the $1.50 oysters. They turned out to be relatively small in size but fresh and tasty. We also ordered their sauteed scallops and shrimp and they were perfectly cooked with a very yummy sauce. The crusty French bread was good too. One interesting observation: a bus boy brought back the bread basket from a table that had left and it still had several pieces of bread in the basket. He went behind the counter to the bread cutting board and took out one piece that looked like it had been eaten. He put this half-eaten piece of bread on the cutting board and threw out the rest. Since we were seated at the counter, we had a clear view of this half-eaten slice of bread as it sat on the counter. Other servers came and went, slicing chunks and placing them into a new basket, yet this piece of half-eaten bread just sat there (see photo). It took about 15 mins before a server finally discarded this half-eaten slice of bread. Very bizarre...I thought for sure some poor unsuspecting customer would be getting this half-eaten slice. Other than this slight aberration, Sotto Mare did not disappoint. We will definitely be back!
Place is cute. Food is ok. We went Saturday at 5:30PM for dinner service. The place looks like fish market oyster bar with many fish models and photo frames on the wall. Lots to look at. Bar seatting is super cute too. They don't take reservations unless it is four people or more. If you don't want to wait and you are three people or less, you probably want to go early before 7PM.This is what we tried.CHOWDER: Chowder was ok. I didn't find as many clam as I was hoping for. It was a bit watery. I probably wouldn't order it again because I expected much more from it.MUSCLE in BROTH: Broth flavor was great. But the muscle meat was sure SMALL. I can't believe it was like size of half a nickel. I just really expected it to be bigger piece.SEARED SCALLOPS: Delicious. This was perfectly cooked. And a really good amount for the price of $19. I would certainly recommend this dish. This was definitely my favorite dish of the whole meal.SEAFOOD CIOPPINO: Tasty but I think it is too pricy. For $33, you get crab, shrimp, octopus, small scallops, and penne pasta. Maybe there are more seafood items, but that's what I could check off my list. The tomato sauce was nice, but I expected more seafood flavor infused into the sauce and it wasn't. That was disappointing. I do like that the cioppino comes in a pot and has a lid. This way, with the lid cover, the food can stay warmer.I'd go back for the scallops if I can get there early, find parking on the north beach streets, and get a seat without waiting more than 15 minutes.By the way, there is letter on each table stating they don't serve dessert. So don't expect to eat dessert at Sotto Mare. The letter includes recommendations. I am acually glad they don't serve dessert. They are a seafood joint, I don't expect them to make a perfect gelato or tiramisu.
Came here with a few friends on a Saturday night. We made reservations because this place is small and it gets packed! We ordered the cioppino, pasta with marinara and scallops to share amongst the four of us. It was a perfect portion because they also serve bread. The scallops were amazing and the cioppino was to die for. THe cioppino was very hearty. The pasta was also good but the seafood trumped it for sure. It is extremely busy and it does feel like you're being rushed out of your seats... especially when the owner comes by and reminds you it's time to leave. Typically, I would be really upset by something like that but the owner is the sweetest person ever. You can't help but do what she tells you to do! And to top it off, on my way out...she hugged me! I love her! I can't wait to go back for delicious italian food and more hugs!!!
We went here on a weekend night, and went largely because of all the very strong Yelp reviews. The owner is certainly a character and very friendly. The service may have been a bit slow, but it was certainly friendly, and on a Saturday night, are you really in a big hurry? So I didn't have a problem there.The food, however, was mediocre. The salad, in particular, was lame - a lot of shredded iceberg. The fish was fine, but nothing special, and the pasta was amply portioned and tasteless. I think the reason this place gets such high ratings is the portions are large and the prices are low. It struck me as the kind of place that undergraduates and recent graduates love, but I sure wouldn't go back.
The cioppino is absurd. Get it. Get here early, though as it's a tiny spot that fills up fast.
Want some oysters and bubbly, well here is the place. The oysters are served raw on half shell and the bubbly was a very well priced ($30) bottle of Prosecco (Italian), awesome. The food is outstanding fresh seafood. All done with minimal preparation in order to let the food speak for itself. The establishment is the mythological whole in the wall, family owned/operated where they will know your name by the end of the night. Excellent place for a romantic dinner for those who love good food, wine and conversation. Only bad thing is that seating is limited.
I love the seafood risotto. They are very generous with the amount of seafood in the rice, such as scallops, shrimp, fish, clams, etc. There's a piece of seafood in every spoonful. The risotto is infused with the flavors of the sea. You'll definitely get that rich, briny, ocean taste in the rice. My friend ordered the scallops and they are so tender and soft, its like biting into a marshmallow. The service here is excellent, super friendly.
Best Italian seafood spot! One of my favorites. Best cioppino in San Fran,,,,,, love it!
3.5 starsHad dinner here tonight with my beau...There is always a wait here....the average wait is probably around 30 minutes and they only take reservations for parties of 4 or more. If you only have 2 in your party you will only be seated at the bar, but I didn't mind because the counter space was larger than expected and they didn't overcrowd the bar with too many seats. The restaurant was extremely busy tonight, but that seems to be the norm and therefore the service can be lacking at times. (I tried to come here last Sat night, but they stopped taking names almost an hour before closing because so many people were already waiting for tables!)Although everything on their menu is fairly pricey the atmosphere is very laid back and the host/ servers can be a little pushy because of how busy they always are. We ordered the steamed clams and mussels combo, cioppino, and linguini with seafood in "pink sauce" which is a tomato cream sauce.Steamed clams/ mussels combo was AMAZING! I would say 5 stars without hesitation! The sauce (butter garlic with a touch of white wine) was so delicious and the shellfish were cooked perfectly!Cioppino was average-3 stars. The serving was very large and came with crab, shrimp, squid, scallops, clams, mussels, and some penne pasta. The seafood was cooked well, but the sauce was just okay. My boyfriend said it tasted differently from when he came here with his friend. I was disappointed because they claim it to be their "best damn cioppino," but if this is how it normally tastes then I would not order it again.The seafood linguini with pink sauce was very good- 4 stars!I would definitely come back for the steamed shellfish combo and to try their other pastas and fish entrees.
We used Yelp to find a great place to eat in this area and saw that Sotto Mare was highly recommended. As soon as we got there, we knew we picked a good place because Tony Bennett walked out as we entered.We got sat immediately without a reservation (which I'm sure is rare) and ordered from a limited wine list. For dinner, I ordered the special grilled Salmon with a butter caper sauce and vegetable side. The salmon was cooked perfectly and the sauce was excellent. The whole group I was with thoroughly enjoyed their meal and we would definitely come again next time we are in San Francisco.
split the "linguini with seafood" with my wife. sat at the bar and watched the chef prepare multiple dishes like a master. an incredible meal for an incredible price. highly recommend.
once again - overhyped and overrated by yelpers.Definitely Not a 4.5/5 overall yelp review Food 4/5Decor 3/5Service 2/5Staff friendliness 5/5Wait 1/5Prices 2/5Overall: 2.5/5Clam chowder, clams and oysters were okVery friendly folks hereMay or may not come back
I came here with a friend to try their Cioppino. It's a lovely little seafood place with great character--look at the pictures to get an idea. It's not a stuffy place at all, but the kind of place where the chefs really pride themselves on the freshness and quality of the seafood, and the waiters tie bibs around you so that you can really dig into the delicious food.The cioppino was fantastic, and big enough for the two of us to share it. The servers are also great--very honest and will tell you how much and what you should order.Will definitely be coming back!
Love this place! It's old school North Beach and it's wonderful. Always, always order the oysters on the half shell. They taste like they came out of their back yard oyster bed, they're that fresh and delicious.I have always loved the fresh, fresh, fresh fish they serve and it's a simple but spot-on menu.Go there, and enjoy a great San Francisco North Beach experience
Nice spot, pretty small and very casual. Had the cioppino and sand dabs. Both were good but, if i had a choice, would still go back to Tadich's. Cioppino was quite large serving but served hard (with shells) style. Nice portion of sand dabs too but for the price, Tadich's wins again. Bread is cold and quite tasteless, considering the bread choices in SF. Tadich wins by a mile there. Service was OK- waitress changed during our visit but no water refill or asking if food was OK. For all the good reviews, maybe just an off night.
FINALLY! I made it to try the cioppino. I was beginning to think I'd never get to try it! Went for a late lunch which may or may not have affect things. We got a dozen of the west coast oysters which were pretty tasty. Not exactly an oyster connoisseur but it seemed fresh and delicious to me. And then came the cioppino. I'm not really sure what I have to say about it...Not gonna lie, it was only okay for me. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't something I'd rush back to get. The tomato broth wasn't as full of deep flavour as I'd hoped it would be, did have a lovely seafoody taste too it, which is obvi haha since it's like a giant thing of seafood in soup. I did dip my bread in the broth, though. The seafood was good, a nice mix of everything. Am I disappointed? Maybe.
Love this place! Super cute, great food, and even better service. We had the cioppino, clam chowder, steamed clams, and oysters and clams on the half shell.. Everything was wonderful!!
The Cioppino is excellent. The grilled sand dabs were also excellent.The clam chowder was good.And, the smoked salmon was also good.Their service is very friendly and I also really liked their decor. Overall it is a very fun & relaxing atmosphere.
Sotte Mare combines ethereal seafood with Italian hospitality. I thought it was really considerate of the co-owner to bring waiting patrons drinks to ease their growling stomachs. My boyfriend and I scored seating at the bar within 5 minutes, so I requested the house white wine there. While sipping my refreshing bev, I watched the other owner take people's orders, attach the orders to a zip line at the register and send them reeling down the zip line to the kitchen. We began our dinner with the smoked salmon appetizer--fresh and salty with firm green onions and capers. For my entree I chose the Prawn Saute, huge, juicy and simple. I was wary at first of the seasonal vegetables listed as an accompaniment on the menu, as so many restaurants fall short by serving lifeless, tasteless, elementary school-esque veggie medleys. But like a seagull, Sotto Mare's side vegetables soar above the rest. Substantial tasty broccoli, broccolini and golden beets shone on my plate--what a unique combination! My boyfriend smacked his Grilled Sand Dabs with satisfaction. Our waitress accurately described the simple dish, which apparently is unique to Sotto Mare. The nine little fillets, grilled with salt and pepper, seemed to melt in his mouth. The co-owners are sisters. One of them rubbed my back while making sure I liked the food and gave both of us a hug before we departed. Now that's warm service!
I came here while visiting San Francisco for my birthday and had to try the cioppino. After almost finishing the entire pot to myself, I found out the pot of cioppino is normally shared between two. I hadn't eaten much since breakfast since I went to a Giants game, so I was starving by the time I got my food. We had to wait about half hour to 45 minutes to be seated as we had not made a reservation, but the smells coming from the restaurant made the wait worth it. The bread was extremely fresh and warm. The cioppino had the best tomato broth with so much fresh seafood. It had crab legs, mussels, clams, calamari ringlets, calamari bodies, shrimp and noodles. It was the best cioppino I have ever had.
I know most of Sotto Mare's business is likely touristas, but damn, give a local a chance. I made a reservation a few days in advance for 2. I get to the spot about 15 mins. early and spy a nice, open two seat table. Sweet, that's our table. My partner in crime is running a wee bit late. I let the staff know because a little respect for the establishment never hurts. (also, note to staff: if someone's patiently waiting for their party to show, ask if they want a damn beer)A single walks in as I'm waiting at the counter. The waiter says "Sit anywhere you like." Bam, two seat table is now occupied. All the other tables are filled. I ask the waiter about my reservation and why there aren't any tables left.He gives me some BS about reservations only being made for groups of four or more.I indicate that would have been useful information to provide WHEN I MADE MY RESERVATION. He says, yeah sorry, mumble mumble, etc.Hmmm. Partner shows up, no tables. Sit outside? MmkaysWe look at each other, she's a little more irritated than me.Let's go somewhere else. Perhaps somewhere that treats their customers like something more than an ATM. Touristas might never be in SF again. Sotto Mare's shitty service means nothing to them.But as a resident of this fine city, I expect the sort of treatment that will make me want to return to or maybe even recommend an establishment. Normally I won't review a place until I've been there at least twice.Sorry Sotto Mare, you only get one shot.Fail.
I am at a loss for words, which is actually quite rare for me. I was in San Francisco lately on business and met Lizza and her sisters after work for dinner. About a year and a half ago we found Sotto Mare by chance and since then I miss it regularly. I tell everyone I know about this place and just wish I could express how utterly incredible everything is from the food to the service to the atmosphere, etc. etc. etc.  This dinner was no exception. The cioppino is just unBELIEVABLE, and everyone from Gigi to the hostess and our incredible waitress are just so warm, inviting and funny. Everytime we eat here I never want to leave, maybe they will let me move in...... I can only hope.As I sit here in Southern California I remember the wonderful dinner we shared that night. I think one of the best things about this restaurant, aside from all of the wonderful things I mentioned, is the North Beach area. After dinner it is a secret treat for me to just walk the streets and feel old San Francisco surround me. The restaurants, coffee shops, narrow streets and unique shops just exude a warm feeling of being in this historic city. I can't wait to go back, and I hope if someone reads this it persudes them to go to Sotto Mare and have one of the best meals of their life.
Can't say enough good things about this place.Great raw oystersWonderful steamed clams.Catch of the day, always cooked to perfection.I take my out of town guests here to have a quintessential North Beach culinary experience.
We had the crab cioppino, sand dabs and the seafood risotto. The cioppino was pretty tasty and chock full of goodness. The sand dabs were ok and I thought the risotto was slightly overcooked. Of course, the best part of the cioppino should be sopping up all the deliciousness with the bread, but our party of 5 ran out of bread pretty quick each time. Unfortunately, it was a busy night and it took awhile for us to get bread each time. Otherwise, service was friendly. Price wasn't horrible given all the fresh seafood we had.
Originally, I had planned to go to Zero Zero for Lunch, but they don't do lunch on weekends :(. I hit my Yelp app and sorted by highest reviewed in 3 miles. This came out on top.Wandered in here on a blazing hot Saturday afternoon in San Francisco (I know, what are the odds!). I found the place on Yelp, and I've learned that things that have more than 200 reviews and 4 stars are often good. Almost 500 reviews and 4.5 stars? That's like Gary Danko level.But I digress. We walked in, the people that work there are crazy, but in a very good way. They were candid, honest, and they knew their menu was amazing. We ordered a Prawn Cocktail, Red Snapper in Lemon Butter and Capers, and Seafood Linguine. Prawn Cocktail:The biggest juiciest shrimp in a prawn cocktail ever. Awesomely good, but they were right, their horseradish is spicy :D.Red Snapper in Lemon Butter and Capers:Seared just slightly on the outside, tender falling apart on the inside. Perfectly cooked, delicious, and delightful.Seafood Linguine:What looked like a tempest of a thrown together mash of shellfish, scallops and all kinds of sea creatures, turned out to be a balanced well though out creation with amazing, complicated structure. The interplay of the sauce with the seafood was perfect, except for the calamari, which, thankfully, was scarce.All in all it was a great meal and not terribly expensive for the quality of the food.TL;DR: Great Seafood spot in North Beach. A happy discovery for me, and delicious food :D.
Food was divine. I had the seafood linguine with pink sauce. Amazing and plentiful with mixed seafood. The ambience is just right too -- paper towels and condiments on the table make for a relaxed experience so you can focus on how delicious your meal is instead of your etiquette. Not too serious, just good company and good food.
The best cioppino I've had.  Loved the sauce and all the seafood in the sauce (usually i think it's too salty).  Not that many places to sit so it's very cozy.  Parking in North Beach really, really sucks (you have to pay for parking which is another $10).  Next time I will have to bring Eric and Jessie here to try.
My girlfriend took me to this place for my birthday because she knows i love seafood. I was very happy to eat here because it's one of those very secret hole in the wall type of restaurants.We sat at the bar and started off with appetizers, we ordered 4 raw west coast oyster, 2 west coast oyster shooters and a bowl of clam chowder. When i mentioned that it was my birthday, they gave us 2 more extra shooters on the house. Pretty cool if you ask me.For our main dish, i ordered a palomino garlic fish and the chef gave me a whole pound of it. It tasted good at first, then when i squeezed lemon, it was the bomb. My girlfriend on the other hand, ordered salmon sand dabs, which was delicious as well, but the nice chef hooked it up big time and gave us way too much. I left super satisfiedWe was helped by a very nice waitress, i drank 3 cups of wine and she charged me for 1. She kept on bringing different types of wine to try because she said i didn't look satisfied with my last cup.This place go the extra mile to make you happy, so they deserve 5 stars.
I absolutely adore this place!! I can honestly say that this little restaurant is definitely worth trying out for yourself. If you like seafood combined with Italian food .. this is the place for you! When I arrived at Sotto Mare, I was 30 minutes late for my reservation. I called them ahead of time to let them know that I will be late for our reservation, which btw, they were very accommodating to our situation. The menu itself isn't very extravagant, nor does it have a large selection of different foods on it either. However, everything on that menu is DUH-LICIOUS! If you decide to come here you HAVE TO... HAVE TO try their cioppino. It's like putting a piece of God's artwork in your mouth - that's how good it is!! You MUST TRY the CIOPPINO for yourself! Plus, they do NOT hold back on the portion size of their dishes - so be sure to share the cioppino with someone else if you have a smaller stomach. We also tried the West coast oysters on half shell. It made it realize how much I love GOOD oysters! My boyfriend never liked oysters until he tried them here - they tasted savory yet it wasn't too over baring .. nor did it taste too fishy. I was just perfect!Not only was the food delicious but their service was impeccable. They go out of their way to make you feel at home. I felt like I was at my grandma's house being served with the utmost care. I will definitely come back here again and again! SIDENOTE: parking around this area makes traffic in LA seem like heaven --- it's just straight up horrible! Especially if you're trying to go on a weekend --- be sure to put in a good 30 minutes in your schedule just for parking! GOOD LUCK
the CIOPPINO is just as deliciously good as everyone says! It is definately worth the wait and some of the "not so niceness" from the people that work there because they can back it up.we also had the oysters, sand daps, and shrimp risotto - everything was simply DELICIOUS! Will be back for more.
Frank. Fast. Fun.Gigi keeps it real. If you can't take a joke, come back when you're ready. He'll tell you how to eat your food, because that's the way it should be eaten. The clam chowder is phenomenal and overloaded with clams. The bay scallops in the linguine are the sweetest I've ever had.Quaint and quirky, but definitely not romantic, unless you're into plastic sea creatures plastering the walls and crooked, mismatched, hand me down light fixtures. And if you're looking for a classy wine - don't.Gets busy around 6ish, so make ressies! $$Not cheap, but well worth the experience and great food. ($20-30 an entree)
The BEST food ever!Non-regrettable choices:crab cioppinorisotto with seafoodService is great as well, very friendly and they love my teddy bear! :)
Soto Mare was highly suggested by a friend who really knows food. We were not disappointed. This is a small little Italian restaurant that serves all of the things you would expect at an Italian restaurant, only better. The linguine & clams were excellent as were the prawns and penne pasta. The service was excellent and the prices are reasonable. This is not a fancy restaurant; it is just a cool place with a family atmosphere for down-to-Earth folks that like good Italian food and large plates. I would highly recommend Soto Mare.
Best meal I had during my 3 days in sf. Cioppino is a must-order, though for a seafood person like me it was at best a 1.5 person portion not 2. Extra bread to scoop up the delicious tomato sauce filled me up. Chowder was ok, optional if you ask me if you were ever stuck between that and something else.Small restaurant, fast paced and efficient. We went at 5pm and got the last seats, ate for one hour and didn't linger for too long so they can turn the table over to the long line outside.
Great seafood orzo, liked the free wine during my short wait. Get a table at the bar to watch your dinner get cooked.
Sotto Mare lives up to its reputation. Located on Green in Little Italy, this place is a must if you're visiting San Francisco. The cioppino was fantastic, as well as the clam chowder. Service was friendly and talkative (we sat at the bar). They wanted to hear all about Michigan and how the seafood there would never come close to this. We loved it so much, we went back for another bowl of clam chowder for lunch the day of our flight. A pinot pairs nicely with the cioppino. I left feeling very full & happy!
Still a fan of their linguine with clams as listed in previous reviews.. However knock off another star since IMMEDIATELY when we just finished our meal, the waitress pretty much told us to hurry up and get out when there were only 2 people waiting at the door. A bit rude, at least give us 10 minutes to let our food settle.
First time trying this restaurant, the food is amazing! We tried the clam chowder and it was delicious. We also tried the Cioppino, which was to die for. The broth was flavorful and packed full of seafood...the staff is really nice and they gave us complimentary wine while we were waiting for our table! Overall, great experience.
Wish I could give 4.5 stars! I'm on a cioppino kick, and this place delivers. Hot, fresh, garlicky, and a great array of seafood in one pot. They do a good job with cooking all of these different fish and shellfish to the right degree (no rubbery scallops here!). We've found that this makes a great appetizer to split for the table (6 people can get a good taste out of one pot, and 4 get a decent size serving). I've also enjoyed their sand dabs and generously-portioned pasta dishes. Don't bring your non seafood eating friends along--there is nothing on the menu for them (except maybe plain pasta?). With the exception of adding some better wines, I can't think of anything I'd change about this menu! Be aware that it's always crowded, so make a reservation if possible.
Loved this little restaurant. The two women who (I'm guessing) were the owners/managers were great ladies who dish out delicioius sea food and some tough love. They don't mess around. I ordered the house salad ($8) and had them add crab ($2) to it. For $2 I expected a smattering of crab throughout the salad, but when it came out it was completely covered in huge, fresh pieces of crab -- it was more than I could eat! The Cioppino and chowder were both great as well. This place is a gem.
I want to give this place 6 stars. I came here on a Tuesday around 2pm, so there was no wait. The owner was interesting. I was a little intimidated by him at first (just don't ask him to repeat the specials) ,but honestly the food was so good that I didn't even care by the end of it. He gave us the list of seafood that was delivered that day, where it was from, how it tastes, etc. Very informative and a lot to hear at once! But seriously, pay attention. I had the Sanddabs and the Seafood Cioppino. Apparently the restaurant stews the Cioppino sauce for 3 days. It was amazing. I would put that sauce on anything and everything...slopping it up with the bread was the best part. Sanddabs are supposedly only found in SF area, I trust the guy so I won't bother to google that. They were sweet and nutty and the owner forbade us from putting any lemon on the fish. I did it anyways when he wasn't looking, and he was right. I would say just listen to any and every recommendation the owner has because he obviously eats well.
No West Coast trip is complete until dungeness crabs are involved. A few friends raved about Sotto Mare's cioppino, so I had to do it. The recommendation also came with the following advice: "Leave the Balenciaga and anything white at home." If you order the cioppino, you WILL make a mess. All of the seafood is so delicious and fresh - the dungeness crab, squid, shrimp. Use the bread to dip in the spicy red sauce - it works! The portion is HUGE, so one pot will be enough for two people.(We also shared a whole steamed dungeness crab to start. No Old Bay on the table? I'm such an East Coast girl.)The wine list was not very impressive, however. The pino grigio we ordered had such a flat finish. In hindsight, I would recommend a red wine for the cioppino.Sotto Mare does not serve dessert - you get this lacquered card explaining that it's not healthy for you blah blah blah. Has anyone ever heard of fruit? Just a suggestion.Gigi (the guy who owns the place) was waiting our table. To put it very nicely, he's um, crass.
The best food, best atmosphere of all the places i've had the pleasure to dine in, in Frisco. We were there for a few days and a friend who manages another restaurant in San Francisco said we should give this one a try. What a treat. Family run I think and they are all honest to all that is a good food time. We can recommend this restaurant without reservation though it might be advisable to secure a reservation to have the table without a long wait.
I came here with my boyfriend and his parents to celebrate his white coat ceremony, and it was the perfect pick! My boyfriend's mom doesn't eat meat and his dad is Italian, so this Italian seafood place was perfect. I called to make a reservation (they only let you make reservations for parties of 4 or more). The guy I talked to was super Italian and really nice. I called back to push the reservation back by half an hour and spoke to a woman. Her responses were really short, and I started to worry about the service of the place.We got lucky and found parking right across the street at a meter (which you don't have to pay for after 6). We were immediately seated (Friday around 6:15) and the waitresses were really nice. It seemed like an Italian family ran the place. It wasn't very fancy, but it was a nice place to have a laid-back dinner. We all got clam chowder to start (pretty good) and the shrimp cocktails (I don't have shrimp cocktails very often to be able to compare, but it tasted fine). I had the seafood linguine with red sauce- really yummy. My boyfriend had the seafood lasagna with creamy sauce (I don't normally like alfredo sauce, but he liked it). His mom had the halibut, which was a really generous and filling portion. His dad got the scallops, which were also cooked really well. We also got a bottle of champagne, which the waitress brought out and then left to give us time for toasts. Because the restaurant didn't have coffee or desserts, we walked around the block for desserts and it was a welcome little walk after dinner. I got a lot of compliments for finding the restaurant and everyone had a good time! I liked the atmosphere here a lot!
OK, here's the deal. This place is for cioppino, if you aren't in the mood for cioppino, don't go. Their fresh fish seems OK (based on other's reviews) but their cioppino, which we had, was superb. Flavorful, abundant, worth the price of admission. We also had some pasta - fair to middlin', nothing to write home about. We went after my gf Rebecca M. expressed a desire to have cioppino (her cousin had just made some at home on the East Coast and she was all drooly from the descriptions), I did some research and this place clearly stands out for their cioppino.Their service was bustling but attentive. Clearly a family run joint with a couple of teens from the family working there and getting semi-chewed out by the owner/manager (it was cute, not mean). It is decorated like a seaside seafood joint with lots of ephemera to that effect. I thought it was cute, even if they were trying a bit too hard.So, cioppino = 5 stars for sure, rest of restaurant leads to -1 star, so total of 4 stars.
This place is cute, the service is nice and the owner himself is super sweet. Unfortunately, the night we went, they didn't have oysters (even though they call themselves an oysteria). So we settled with seafood pasta. It was pretty good, even close to great, but not the best thing ever. I will say that their clam chowder is pretty freaking good, but don't need to go back.
The fam and I trekked almost a mile to find this place on our vacation in April and I have to say it was well worth it. The kids really wanted clam chowder and yes we could've picked somewhere on Pier 39, but based on other yelp reviews and our usual adventurous spirit of wandering off the beaten tourist path, this was an AWESOME find. One thing to keep in mind is this place is small so I'm sure in high traffic times such as peak lunch and dinner hours, I'm sure there is a wait. We, luckily, decided for a late lunch and had to take a journey to get to this place so got a seat within 5-10mins at the most. Now onto the good stuff, the food. Everything was DELICIOUS! My daughter ordered the smoked salmon fettucine and most of us had the clam chowder. I have to say WOW, that chowder was oh so good. I'm sure everything tasted even better than usual because of the exercise we got prior to finding this place, but it was well worth it. We also had the mussels, seafood risotto, etc. and it was all so yummy. They definitely do seafood right in this place and give you a lot of it! It was cooked perfectly and everything tasted really fresh. Also the service was amazing. We could tell the table behind were regulars as they were joking around with the servers and having a great time. Everyone working in here was friendly and were awesome with the kids so nothing really can beat that. Simply great food in a family type atmosphere!
Awesome homemade Italian food! The place fills up quickly so we ate at the bar and probably got better service there. It does get a little nippy each time some comes through the door though. Highly recommend the steamers and sand dabs.
+ Note: In efforts to make a healthy living with diabetes, the restaurant doesn't serve desserts - however, the menu has a list nearby and recommended places that do serve dessert - which I think is great =)+ We had a sauvignon blanchard with hot generous and delicious cioppino and seafood linguini (The mister cracked the crab legs for me as he usually does when they are in cioppino - although don't get me wrong I'm a master at it! ;^)+ The owner greeted us into the busy restaurant and even took the time to tell me a joke regarding a seashell. I can't remember if we had reservations - I want to say yes but I'm not sure since we did take public transportation.+ The servers were also very friendly and made the evening quite fun. We sat at the bar - which didn't feel like a bar at all because of deep counter and equal attention from the servers. Underneath the bar, the owner had hooks installed for purses and the like! WOohoo!+ By the end of the night, we learned that the owner takes his fishing crew out regularly to supply the restaurant with the fresh catches of the day. The cioppino has got to be the start of the menu, and is really for a true seafood lover since it is more than just shrimp and scallops =) However, from looking around me and tasting the mister's dish - all the food is made with quality and care and fresh ingredients. We left full... extremely full and glad we took a bus.+ We wanted to find a fun and comfortable restaurant that served either top notch Cioppino (one of my favorite "rarer" dishes) or Paella (my fianc's) in San Francisco. We were prepared to dress nicely, but we were in the mood for more of a themed casual dinner. We were staying at Parc 55, which also had cioppino for possibly twice as much with less fun, but decided to Yelp cioppino in the area since all the other Yelped places we visited that week worked out wonderfully.We could not have been happier spending our 7 year anniversary at this restaurant that had white-tablecloth worthy dishes served in a "ship-like" restaurant.+ We took the bus there, so I'm not sure about the parking. The bathrooms were clean and it looks like they were just remodeled to have shiny black toilets. =)  There is no awful smell of dishes, non-fresh seafood or ice, or anything of that sort. I loved it and hope to return soon - there's just so many places to eat, it's hard to plan out!
Ya know, a magic thing happens when you have amazingly fresh seafood and people who obviously enjoy their work--it's known by the name Sotto Mare. We enjoyed some oysters, followed by clam chowder and then order the seafood linguine and sand dabs. We were there rather late, so we were the last people in the place, finishing our bottle of sangiovesse.. The staff--wait, chefs, kitchen--were all busily closing up and were all smiles and laughs. I WILL go back here--again and again. I know there are many more places to try in San Fran, but this is one of the best!
Hands down one of the best resturaunts I have been to! The seafood linguine was amazing and the service was excellent. Best seafood in the city! It is a must try if you haven't been. Will definetly be back!
Loved it! Raw oysters were very fresh and very chilled. The crab cioppino and sand dabs were both delicious! They let the fresh ingredients speak for itself and it's not overseasoned. Service was great. Would definitely recommend it. Beware if anyone in the party does not eat seafood. They only serve seafood and the menu says "no meat, no chicken".
I have mixed feelings about Sotto Mare.First off, it has this tacky look to it like the only reason the restaurant looks the way it does is because they don't have the money to fix it up, but maybe it's just supposed to be like that.We came because of the rave reviews, and their food is pretty good, but I like creativity when it comes to food, not just fettucine alfredo with bay scallops. I ordered the bay shrimp louie salad and all it came with was bay shrimp and lettuce. I don't know how they do it here but whenever I've ordered a louie salad it comes with tomato, cucumber, egg, something other than lettuce! So I ask for some tomato and the guy looks at us like we're crazy.I do have to say though that the alfredo sauce was one of the best I've ever had.So fast forward when we get the bill, it's $100 for lunch for 4 people with no alcohol! And the guy charged us $4 for half a freaking tomato! Oh and was my boyfriend's brother pissed that he didn't tell them that the sodas weren't refillable.Look guy, if you're gonna gauge us for every penny and not let us know, you're still not going to make any money because that extra $10 you charged us for extra shit just got deducted out of your tip.
Good service, quality food
Absolutely delicious!! I went there with y bf and both loved it! A great place to go back, the cioppino is PERFECTTT!!!
Atmosphere: Fun, Casual and Entertaining. Sit at the bar and charm the chef and you may end up with some free samples. Food: Absolutely, positively divine Seafood Risotto. The portion is huge, the food comes out hot and fragrant and the amount of seafood in the Risotto almost made the rice hard to find. Service: Friendly but not formal. Yes, you may have to work a little got get the attention of the waitress but the times I've been there, I've always been happy with the service and I love the ladies who run the front of the house. One of the many reasons I wish I lived in SF..
The Background:A tiny restaurant with a lot of attitude, this place is awesome. If you like seafood at all, here is the place to go.The Positives:The seafood here is fantastic and plentiful. I think the ciopinno had an entire crab or two considering how much was in there. Additionally, while it sounds a bit arrogant to call your item the best damn cioppino, it probably actually was the best one I've had. Finally, the owner is this woman with amazing personality who shines a bright spot on the restaurant. While I can see why some people would call her the soup nazi, she's really pretty nice. I mean come on, anyone who gives free wine for waiting is pretty awesome. And her desert menu is really great!The Negatives:This place is always busy so it's really really hard to get a seat. But it's definitely worth the wait.
All of us from the 9 year old up, had a great dinner. The sauted scallops and prawns were fabulous- fresh and sweet. Oysters were fresh and tasty and gone in moments. I think the only dish I didn't love was the clam chowder but being a transplanted New Englander, I am super picky. Great food and great service- certainly somewhere I want to eat again.
5 star restaurant. It's been a while since I would say this without any hesitation. Parking was miserable but who cares when you are about to experience one of the best dishes of your lifetime.the Crab Cioppinio was one of the best dishes I've ever put in my mouth. First time having Cioppinio and believe me, it won't be the last time I'll have this dish. This dish made me want to become Italian. I would trade my kimchis and galbis over this dish any day.....=)We also enjoyed their fresh oysters, steamed clams in a garlic sauce, and scallops. Their New England Clam Chowder was the only thing that was semi disappointing since I've had many top notch New England Clam Chowders while living in Boston for over 10 years. But the amazing service quickly overcame any slight disappointments from the Chowder. I will force all my friends to go to this place.
Food was good but not awesome. I had the crab cioppino, risotto and clam chowder. The place was packed tho, and I had to wait 45 minutes before I got a seat. The place is small so the sound from other conversations was really amplified. Not a good place for a first date or if you want some quiet.
I wish I could do 4 1/2. The only reason this delicious and awesome restaurant isn't getting a 5 star rating is because as a group of 7 we sat downstairs and the ambiance is a little like a pizza place you went to after your junior high swim meets. That being said, going with a large group is a huge advantage at Sotto Mare because there are so many fantastic dishes to be enjoyed. We had shrimp cocktail, mussels (in amazing butter broth), cioppino, linguine with clams, fettuccine alfredo, and the salmon special (with yummy veggies). We devoured and loved them all. Eat here! Pronto! PS The service was great!!
They were out of clams. When a seafood restaurant is out of the one thing that half their menu is made up of....that's really unacceptable.Clam chowder was ok. It had bacon in it....i prefer my CC original, w/ just the basics. Woodhouse Fish Co. hits it out of the park.The West Coast Oyster Shooters were probably the only great thing there.The pasta dishes we all ordered were alright. Lots of pasta, little bit of sauce, not enough seafood. With so many pasta places in the city, i just can't imagine coming back here for the so-so food.
The seafood was fresh, the staff friendly and the atmosphere was what I would expect for North Beach hole in the wall. I loved the oyster shooter and crab cioppino. They do not have a dessert menu and I love the menu that explained why. Great stuff!
We just went here on a recent trip to San Francisco. The place was recommended by a local in the area and we were very impressed with everything from the taste, freshness and service. Felt like family when you were there and such a fun place to have fresh fish. We had to wait about an hour to sit at the bar area but it was well worth it. We tried the combo shrimp and Scallops with a white Italian wine that went great together. Looks like Cioppino is a favorite here since it was almost on every table that we saw. We will definitely be back.
LOVED this place.I took my gf here for our first Valentine's Day together. It was a rainy night, and I had not made reservations since they do NOT take reservations for parties of 2 (really?)Well, we walked in and were pretty much seated right away at the counter. The family that owns the place is super nice; they pounded us with bread and butter non-stop without us even asking because they saw how hungry we were.We ordered a seafood linguine and the cioppino (of course!) and man, that cioppino is crazy good. It seemed like an endless pot too...by the time we reached the bottom, I could almost feel a seafood allergy starting to brew up in my body.Everything about this place was just delicious.
FFFabulous!! Fresh, friendly and fun. This Yelp recommendation was spot on.We were greeted by the delightful Louisa cheery and bright. We plopped up on the bar and happened to sit next to two other Yelpers who apparently ordered all the Yelp recommended dishes. We were not that hungry but I did change my order to the sand dabs and we also got the cioppino.The bread is nice and crisp and grreat for mopping up the love.Definitely wanna recommend this to everyone.
Gotta get some seafood when in SF, so headed over here since reviews looked favorable. The evening weather was nice and mild so we grabbed a table outside, apparently it was a bit warm inside. They set up 2 small pedestals next to our table for the condiments, water jug, and paper towels - yep, paper towels here. Food roundup:- Cup of clam chowder: Not too heavy of a cream base with a good peppery kick. Tasted pretty fresh too.- Linguine with seafood: Bf got this and it was chock full of mussels, clams, squid, itty bitty scallops, little and larger shrimp with choice of red, white or pink sauce. We chose the pink sauce and it was really tasty, not super fishy at all. We ate up all the leftover pink sauce.- Sand dabs: EXCELLENT! Sand dabs are a smaller flat fish so I got a ton of these thin and flat pan fried fillets on a huge plate. They had a nice light coating and were perfectly seasoned with something I couldn't put my finger on. Came with some yummy asparagus, carrots, and cauliflower. I would come back to SF and this restaurant for the sand dabs alone!Lowdown: Nice little neighborhood joint in the North Beach area. Very fresh seafood. Our server was really friendly and the owner asked us how our meal was. We were a little rushed at the end since there were a few people on the wait list for our popular sidewalk spot. Solid 4.25!
This place was quite delicious. We made reservations for six people. The place is tiny and long so make sure you do so! We all didn't arrive on time so we had to wait for the "entire party to be here"...sort of annoying considering the place had cleared out at this point.Anyways, once we got sat we ordered some wine, beers and various fish/seafood dishes. I had the clams and linguini - excellent! I really enjoyed this dish. Everyone was happy with their food.I would go back here for my dish... it was well priced and yummy!
I went to this place because it had so many great reviews on here. My boyfirend and I wanted great seafood w/o having to pay an arm and a leg in SF!We ordered the cioppino and it was more than enough for the both of us. It was phenomenal so delicious!! This place is very casual and friendly.The service was also phenomenal. These people make you feel like your at your dear Aunt's house. It was an awesome experience.
I've had two meals here but the thing that I am addicted to is takeaway clam chowder. The food is always excellent - my last sitdown meal I had west coast oysters and chef's special pasta - shellfish, shrimp, scallops, and pasta in a red sauce. But... That clam chowder is to die for. I was very sick over the weekend, and last night for my first full meal since I got sick, I got clam chowder. It was a bit heavy on my stomach but when it kicked in it fixed me right up. Someday I will have the cioppino. I just am working my way up to it.
The best clam chowder I ever had in my life! I visited this place twice, just for this delicious soup! Definitely will come back for more on my next visit! The oysters were delightful and extremely fresh!
Great people great atmosphere for "american homey" food.Recommend: scallops and Seafood linguini
The Cioppino was excellent and had lots of crab flavor! Seafood linguine was very fresh, served with a generous amount of seafood. The seafood risotto is basically the same thing, and personally the sauce goes better with the risotto. A must for seafood lovers, but be prepared to spend some time looking for parking, especially on the weekends. I'd park the car at a parking garage nearby to save you the frustration.
Total SF gem of a restaurant! Warm service, fun atmosphere, and FANTASTIC cioppino at a reasonable price. Great pasta, oysters, and seafood cocktails as well. A great North Beach spot for a nice dinner out with the kids after a fun day of sightseeing in the city.
Had dinner here Monday!!!  Awesome mussels and seafood risotto. Nice touches- comp red wine whilst waiting for a table. Very attentive wait staff!! We have another reservation for tonight and are taking 2 friends. Can't wait!!
We walked in and the owner asks, "Hey, you like Italian food?"Yes."You like fish?"Yes."Ok, you can come in then."Chowder, more scallops than I thought could fit in a single dish and my friend Chris K. got the skate. Absolutely amazing.If you like Italian food and you like fish there is no place I can recommend higher.
HIt Sotto Mare the other night. Place is a tad small so if wanting to go, book in advance, saves time waiting. we made reservations for 6 and had to wait a minute or 2. IN the meantime we were given a complimentary glass of wine. Nice! Restaurant has an old school Italian feel to it. I think most of the staff is family. I had the seafood risotto, sooo good. Very filling. Other at the table had the sand dabs. First time I had them, they were excellent. The clear cut dinner choice of the night.If you wanting a no frills, great seafood dinner, come here!
OMG the best cioppino in the city!!!! Everything in there were so fresh... crabs, scallops, clams, mussels, calamari... and there's really tons of seafood in there, along with loads of penne pasta, I think 1 order might be enough for 3 ppl!!! Everything else we got here was good too, including their clam chowder, seafood risotto, seafood linguini (I asked for the red sauce), number of fish dishes, seared scallop... They use very very fresh ingredients, especially seafood, and you can tell that from every dish. Another plus, all wines are 26/bottle. Our party of 8 ended up ordering 5 bottles of wine, and the restaurant even gave us a good bottle of Italian wine on the house =) We ended up spending around 50 a person and we left the place completely full, buzzed, and satisfied =)Oh yeah, they don't have any desserts on the menu. But seafood being their specialty, it's actually good that they stick to making cioppinos! There's tons of good dessert places to go in nearby Little Italy to satisfy your sweet tooth...
Yay! We are fans. Jeff and I came here for dinner for our year-and-a-half-aversary (AKA, a badunkaversery). Jeff didn't reserve a spot, but we ended up waiting for about 30 minutes? The wait is pretty sporadic though, because in the middle of our meal, there was no one in line, and after our meal, there was a long line again.The best part though, was the lady boss waitress! She was so tough-lookin' and tough-talkin'. We felt like we were in the Godfather. Anyway-- she was getting impatient with the people in line who kept asking her what the wait time was, and she told them off in a Godfather-y way. She kept throwing her hands up and going "patienze!! You are impatient!! I cannot just go up to the people eating and tell them to stop!!" (therefore, not sure if this would be "good for kids" ;) ...)It did, however, give me this secret urge to please her, so I kept really quiet, even though usually I would be sort of angry. It was nice though!We ordered the clam chowder and the Chef special linguine with clams, mussels, calamari, shrimp, etc. Order this over the other pasta dishes! It's a good deal considering the portions, and pretty varied.The service was quick after we were seated, and there was A LOT of bread (no dip, but theres vinegar and olive oil for you to make your own).The clam chowder was pretty darrrn good, but we'd still prefer the one we had in Monterey at Fishmarket (wait is that what it's called).
Two words: Crab Cioppino!With a basket of bread to dip in the red sauce, the cioppino is enough to feed 2 people. Don't forget to put on your kitschy CRAB bib..."GiGi's" is a fun place to bring out of town guests. The atmosphere is lively and casual and the food is finger-lickin' good. Check out the fresh fish in the case by the door to see what is available that day. This is one spot in North Beach that serves good food with reasonable prices and is not a tourist trap (both tourists and locals love GiGi's).Where else can you go where the waitresses will give you kisses and hugs when you leave, like you are family? Love it!
Need a reservation-hostess seems a bit overwhelmed. Great food & service. We had ciopinno, Meterranean fish & risotto. Everything amazing.
So, I have to come back to Sotto Mare another time to try the cioppino or something else, because I got the smoked salmon fettuccine and was not impressed at all. It didn't make me want to hurl... but it definitely tasted like something I could make at home with the help of Ragu. The bread was nothing impressive, which is something I've come to expect at a pasta joint. My boyfriend got the pasta with chef's choice of seafood, and that turned out to be fantastic. I don't think smoked salmon is this place's specialty, so I'm definitely willing to give it another try.However, I can say that service was decent. The person who sat us made it feel very homey and friendly, though sometimes it was hard to get a staffer's attention. We sat at the bar, so that may have been why. The best part of the meal was DEFINITELY the oysters! Got a half dozen of the west coast oysters, and it was fantastic. Very fresh!
Normally I would give them a 4/5 with the great seafood and entertaining waitress. Tonight was disappointing. Despite having reservations, showing up early, ordering immediately because we all knew what we wanted, they were constantly rushing us. They brought the bill about 10 minutes into our entrees without asking if we were interested in getting dessert, badgered us to pay the bill before we finished eating numerous times, and said that if we wanted to hog the table we would have to pay $200. Um, we just paid the almost $200 bill for 3 people, lady. WTF! And to top it off, their cheap box leaked the rest of my cioppino in the 15 minute walk home into the bag leaving no sauce to enjoy the next day.
The Cioppino they have is so amazing! We have tried this dish at other restaurants around the bay area and nothing compares to this one, it is full of flavor! I really recommend it, you should give it a try soon!
Before coming here, I had no idea what a Crab Cioppino was but my, oh my, I got to know it very intimately. A beautiful collective flavors exploding in the mouth comprised of dungeness crabs, mussels, lobster chunks, scallops, clams, all boiled in a very appropriate tomato stew that really allows for some great bread dipping afterwards to clean up the remains. You will leave a mess behind. Bibs are required and our nice waitress even tied them around our necks for us. The only other thing we had were the West Coast Oysters which, at $1.50, were cost efficiently delicious. Now I don't really like wet things in my mouth so much but for some strange reason, I wanted to actually try to acquire the taste of this amazing little once alive creature. Dumped five in my mouth and with a little mix of red and white sauce. Now the red turned out to be tartar. The white ended up being horseradish sauce which I rudely found out after dumping a large spoonful on my first oyster. Will never do that again. Tears fell.I have to come here again on my next trip to S.F. $4.25 Anchor Steam is also awesome. I am from NYC and Cali-brewed beers are pretty much considered imports and will never cost less than $5.
In SFO on business, and was able to meet my parents here who happened to be visiting from Hawaii. Chose Sotto Mare based on Yelp reviews. Not disappointed!! We came at 3pm on a Monday, no wait, with a few patrons. Yes, as all the other reviews said...Cioppino is a must-try! Excellent flavor, and big enough for two healthy appetites! We also ordered the sand dabs...another excellent dish! With a couple of salads between the 3 of us, we barely finished it all, and we were stuffed! Very cozy, with an historic, "hole-in-the-wall" feel. Can't wait to try other dishes next time I'm in SF!
Great North Beach experience... Classic North Beach location & decor. Some family member of the owners usually greets you upon entering. They seat patrons either at tables on 1 side, or at the bar on the other. On this Friday it was so busy there was a constant line of people waiting for a table. So reservations are recommended! Although the staff was attentive & friendly they moved at a fast pace...not a lot of time to chit chat...& yes it was noisy.The food was worth every penny! We had sauteed sand dabs(in butter I think) with carrots & green beans, ravioli in a tomato cream sauce, steamed clams, & scallops sauteed in a lemon parsley sauce with yellow carrots & green beans. They were all delicious...with generous portions.   No desserts, so they give you a list of dessert cafes nearby.
I want to be fair, so this is not a review for the food. It is for the service. We entered the restaurant on Chirstmas Eve and was busy. Instead of telling us the truth (there was not space), they made us wait at the door 10min. Then they rudely said that they had to advice us that they were run out of bread. And after that they tried to seat us in the bar. Even at Taco Bell I've been treated better. At least they respect me as a client. Finally a word about the decoration: The worst taste ever, something douche baggy like the place where low-class mafia capos would meet. OF COURSE, WE LEFT THAT HOLE IN THE WALL AND NEVER WILL COME AGAIN.Nobody treats me like shit.
This rating is based on the food only, well, and the staff. There's something magical about a warm, clear and sunny day in San Francisco, especially in the dead of winter. And today my beloved sand dabs at Sotto Mare's were just fantastic and were served with some exotic root vegetables and broccolini. So, along with their great cioppino and other Italian seafood, well, everything they say about this place is true. It's small and I guess we were just lucky all the way around but, dear readers, when the food gods are with you, and you can park and get in there, the sand dabs are plentiful and succulent.....it just doesn't get any better than this. They have a great, very friendly staff, and the only thing I really don't like about the place is the inferior iced tea, and no refills but, I guess no place is perfect. This one is close enough for me.
This place is located conveniently in the North Beach area, and we took a short trolley ride from our hotel there. After a short wait, we were seated downstairs. Don't be afraid to flag down the hostess to get seated --it worked for us and we were seated much faster than we thought. This is a very good place for the traditional Cioppino and also their Louie salad was quite nice. We had a Combo Louie which included a ton of Dungeoness Crab, shrimp, and prawns. It was my first time trying a Louie, and it was quite delicious. We then had Cioppino which was large enough for 4 people to split, alongside broccoli rabe and a portion of spaghetti. The broccoli was delicious, although if you do not enjoy garlic, do not even go there. The spaghetti was good, but not extraordinary. We enjoyed a bottle of red wine as well, which surprisingly complemented the meal well. I enjoyed this place a lot and would consider going again the next time I am in San Francisco
went here late on a Tuesday...I think we were actually the last ones to be seated. Everything was good not as great as last time we went. It just lacked salt and the vibe was a little low. Probably because it was so late. I will come back.
Everybody already knows Sotto Mare is an amazing restaurant so I'll try to keep it short.As Louisa, front of the house manager, says "We have attitude. Some people love it!" I am one of those people who love their attitude. It's a small place, so don't block the door, close the door if it's cold outside, get some wine while you wait. and be patient.I've had their seafood risotto, seafood linguini, and their cioppino. I can't say enough about all of them, but the cioppino is really amazing. It's wonderfully flavorful without being too heavy. Plenty of seafood to share too. I love the food and I love the people that work there. Definitely on a "must try" list if you haven't been yet (and love seafood!).
Clam chowder is to die for! I regret ordering the cup size with my entree. A must place to visit in SF!
I've found one of my new favorite restaurants. Gigi's is delicious.We came for dinner at 5:30pm on a Friday night and were instantly seated. The restaurant was already half filled at 5:30. We ordered fettuccine with salmon in white sauce ($19), seafood risotto ($19), boston clam chowder ($6.50). We were seated at the bar counter on high chairs right in front of the open kitchen where we had a great view of where Hector (the chef) works his magic.The food is rich -- maybe a little too food-coma inducing with all the butter -- but it sure tastes good!Service is fast. Dishes were cleared instantly. Bread basket replenished generously. The place has a great Italian kitchen vibe to it. At the bar counter where we were seated, you could help yourself to paper towel napkins, olive oil, balsamic vinegar, salt, pepper, etc. Very convenient and very homely.Parking can be tricky, so arrive early.Will be back again and again!
Oysters! Crab! Wine! Crab! Oysters! Clams! Wine! Mussels! Wine! Bread! Clams!
YELP is right on the money with this one! I came here for a friend's bday dinner and it did not disappoint! I loved everything that went into my mouth from mussels to clams to the fresh oysters to the bread even! One star docked for the limited menu choices but everything was real GOOD.
When I die, if I go to heaven, I think I will know I'm there b/c there will there be endless bowls of Sotto Mare's cioppino.Crab, calamari, clams, mussels, prawns, shrimp...WOW! The clam chowder was also very very yummy.  The service was so friendly - like we were a guest in someone's home.Best of all, an impeccable dinner for 2 - quintessential North Beach, San Francisco at about $50 bucks plus tip. There were other things we wanted to try the risotto or seafood linguini...sadly, those will have to wait til the next SF trip.
This is by far the best restaurant I've been to in North Beach, not only because of the service but because of the amazing seafood at a reasonable price! I came here with a large party of 9. Seating was not a problem because we had reservations. We sat in the downstairs area which was nice and quiet compared to the hustle and bustle upstairs. Appetizers: amont the group we ordered clam chowder, mussel steamers, a wedge salad, and smoked salmon. The clam chowder wasn't too heavy and the smoked salmon and mussels were very fresh. The wedge salad was okay, nothing special but I wanted some greens before pigging out on seafood!Entrees: about half of our group ordered the cioppino and everyone seemed to love it. One ordered hers with less crab because she didn't want to worry about the shells. The cioppino's broth was so tasty and I loved how much seafood they include! The seafood linguini also had a huge amount of seafood (no crab) and came with a zesty red sauce (you can also order it with white sauce). Two people ordered the linguini with scallops, which they said was good but the scallops were very tiny. Consistent with all other dishes, the pasta came with a ton of scallops so that made up for the size!Dessert: As others have mentioned, this place does not serve coffee or dessert. We were fine with walking around the corner to an Italian bakery for sweet treatsOur server had a great attitude for such a large party and was very helpful with selecting menu items. Water pitchers were placed on the tables and we never felt neglected. The place has a very casual, homey atmosphere but with high quality seafood. I can't recommend this restaurant enough if you are a seafood lover!
Awesome crab Cioppino for $33. It wasn't overcooked and it fed 2 ppl perfectly located in little Italy. Very outgoing staff. Loved it.
AMAZING!!!!5 Stars all the way around.Started with Oysters and split a bowl of Chowder with wife.I had the Sand Dabs..and the Wife had the Crab Cioppino
Awesome awesome place. The cioppino is impeccable. As seafood lovers my wife and I would totally go back when we visit SF again. Cozy atmosphere and very friendly staff. The sweet old lady actually tied the aprons for us before we started digging into our cioppino. Really loved this place!
The sand dabs rocked my world. Clam chowder is peppered well and worth a try. Service is genuinely friendly and excellent, where you feel like you're in a mom & pop place and not in the middle of touristy North Beach.  We called ahead for 3 ppl at 6:45pm on a Friday night and were seated in 5 minutes. The hostess treated us to a glass of wine each (pretty sure she was a bit toasted herself). When we finished an hour later, the line was out into the sidewalk. Not sure it's worth waiting in line for, but definitely worth a try if you are in the neighborhood.
The Cioppino is as good as everyone says it is. We were at first taken aback by the price (~$33), until we realized that it's served in a large pot that's supposed to be shared by two or three people.I love the space and feel of this restaurant, and the West Coast oysters are incredibly fresh and flavorful. We ordered a dozen as an appetizer and then ordered another dozen for dessert. If I lived in San Francisco, I would probably be here all the time.
This is one of two places on this street that since I've moved to San Francisco, 9 years ago, that everytime I've visit it is always closed. Of course, the other place was closed this day but Sotto Mare was opened. My friend reads the text on the window: No dessert and no decaffe coffee so don't ask. I asked anyways just to be a smart ass. This is old school Italian which I love. Hope to be back when they are closed again :)
Hands down by far the best seafood/ italian restaurant in town! I just absolutely loved my meal. Come early because there is no reservations, It was definitely worth the wait. The staff here is loud and really gives you a fast moving, family vibe, can come off as a bit rude, definitely need work on being more politeThey work fast to try to serve as many people possible because it is a small spot. Regardless of all the chaos here, I loved the food. I had the crab salad, clam chowder soup and the cioppino dish which had all types of seafood. The cioppino was served in a big pot and they even put on a bib for you that they make you wear when your eating it, how embarrassing lol but hey dinner was delicious!
First off, this place gets me a little teary-eyed. Gigi -- she's amazing! And her food is delicious to boot!My boyfriend and I were looking for a place to eat after having spent the afternoon browsing shops in Union Square with my relatives, and yelped a place that was still open, had decent reviews and was relatively nearby... at 8:30 p.m. So... finding parking in North Beach on a weekend is impossible, much less so at that time of night and after having dropped my boyfriend off to get us a table, I futilely searched for a parking spot. Ten minutes later, he calls me to say that the owner insists I park in front of the restaurant.With us walking in the door close to closing, I felt that same apprehension you feel doing that in any other restaurant: they're going to hate us for keeping the kitchen open and rush us out. None of that here. Our waiter insisted we take our time ordering and waited until we wanted the check to present it.Now, it's been a little time since we were here, but I recall that I ordered the clam chowder. He had the seafood risotto and ordered a half-crab appetizer. The crab was DELICIOUS. My boyfriend was raving about it weeks later. The clam chowder was good as well... I've had a lot of clam chowder in my life and know what I like in my clam chowder and they did a great job of keeping me satisfied! The portion was also pretty big; I'm not sure that I finished it. The experience of the risotto was punctuated by small noises of enjoyment; I'd have to say the mussels were the best thing about it, since the only way I had previously enjoyed mussels was grilled and drowning in a onion/pepper/vinegar sauce. The squid was our least favorite, but that probably had more to do with our personal preferences than the way it was prepared.But anyway, back to Gigi. She came back to check up on us and we had an easygoing conversation with her as we headed out for the night. She even gave us hugs goodbye! I really got the sense that she truly cared about the restaurant and her customers (not just from her own behavior but also from the "dessert" menu... don't really want to spoil the surprise of their offerings, but let's just say if you're looking for a three-course meal, you might need to go elsewhere). So yeah. Visit.
Before I went, I saw that Yelpers had given this place 4.5 stars overall. Yelp has come through big again, because the seafood was absolutely amazing! In all seriousness, it's fortunate the owner is looking to provide a great experience rather than make as much money as he can, because I would easily pay 1.5X the menu price.I had the cioppino, as so many people raved about and the sand dabs. While the sand dabs were more 4/5, the cioppino was 5/5 without a doubt. Like everyone else, I could probably come here regularly and order the crab cioppino, and enjoy the clams/mussels/calamari/octopus/crab and assortment of other things in here. Come when it's not busy or make reservations! You won't regret it.
This is a cool local seafood shop with good stuff, but you'll have to wade through the tourists in North Beach to get in. We've been a few times and have never tried their most famous dish (ciopinno) but everything is always delicious. My personal favorite is the clam chowder, and you shouldn't leave without trying at least a cup! Don't expect over the top service or fancy atmosphere, but this place has good seafood :)
Excellent Cioppino! Fun atmosphere too. Get there early to avoid a long wait. Can't go wrong ordering anything off the menu. The food is that great. It's a must every time we visit San Francisco. Haven't tasted Cioppino that great.
came here on a thursday night after a friend suggested that their cioppino is a must try. we came at 6:30p and sat at the bar facing the cooks. we ordered a clam chowder, seafood risotto, and a cioppino. the clam chowder was ok, i think i've had better. it definitely have a lot of clams and potato in there but it's thicker than i like my clam chowder. the risotto was good, i think i've had better too. i guess i am used to a thicker risotto? but i know each restaurant cook their risotto differently. the cioppino was the best dish out of the three. lots of crab, clam, mussels in the pot! the sauce was good and the seafood was great! there was also some pasta in there also! the next time i want a cioppino, i'll definitely keep this place in mind! and will definitely try the sand dabs also cuz while we were sitting at the bar, the cook was cooking sand dabs non-stop! everyone was ordering it!
Big thumbs up! The best clam pasta I've ever had! Almost 2 lbs or more of big fresh clams came with the pasta. Portion was huge. Clam chowder was also good. Thick and creamy and hot. I will definitely go back.
Uh-mazing!!!!!!!! I went to SF with my Mom for a weekend and she was craving seafood pasta.  Thanks to yelp we found this gem! Small family style restaurant. We sat at the table top right in front of the chefs. I ordered the Linguini and clams and my Mom got the seafood pasta.  To dye for, so flavorful I could not stop eating. We also had fresh oysters, delightful!  I have recommended this restaurant to all my friends.
Luckily, we did not have to wait for a table during prime lunch time. We got a half dozen west coast oysters on the half shell (I think I remember them saying they were from Seattle), and they were nice and fresh. Wearing the provided paper bibs, we dug into the bowl of crab cioppino, which was a pretty good share (for 2-3 people); is it the "best damn" one of its kind out there? I haven't tried enough to weigh in on that, but I would've thought they'd put more damn crab in there to give it that name.
The one star rating is based off service from a terrible waitress. She had not business being in the customer service industry. I thought her first comments were just kind of an edge...but she got worse and more rude. She was a larger White waitress and she mixed up or order. Did not bring one of our dinners till very late..blamed it on the kitchen. We had kids with us and aske for now parsley on their pasta, she said, I will see what I can do....I complained, got a drink removed from the bill and the late dinner, but the nasty waitress was just too much. While I am aware that the other 1000 reviews will not be impacted by my review. I had to vent. Never go here again.
Wow, what can I say. This place looks like a small family run cafe and is not fancy in appearance. The bowl of mussels that we had was just amazingly great. The special of the day was Fluke. It was simply prepared and served with brussel sprouts and some root veggies. I can not describe how perfectly cooked and delicious that meal was. The Italian lady who works really appreciated that we enjoyed our meal.  After dinner we walked across the street for some coffee, desert and some guitar entertainment. We had a great evening in North Beach.  We just love the people and the city of San Francisco.
This is a tiny restaurant in little Italy. I tried crab cioppino, and it was sooooo good. Sea foods were fresh, and the amount was perfect for two people. It's crowded and loud restaurant, so if you want quite place, it's not for you. HOWEVER, it's worth to try it! I will definitely recommend this place to my friends, and I will go back to try other stuff in their menu!! :)
The Cioppino was outstanding.
been wanting to go to this place for so long....went there on my day off.... its freakin~~~~ closed..... closed on sundays...aaawww....the madness....then finally... went on a week night.... its freakin~~~~~packed....aaawww.....i had to wait....... and waited i did.... almost 2 hours... 2 freakin~~~~~hours....but...da da da da dadaadada.... dayam.... cioppino.... was bliss....just wonderful.....so worth it....next time.... im making reservation....
This place is absolutely delightful. It has so much personality. Our waitress Louisa took care of us really well and we had an awesome experience.The food was just amazing. Our table of four shared 4 different dishes and they were all really amazing.West coast oysters. - sweet and scrumptiousRisotto with seafood, chef's choice - Sooo buttery, plenty of sea food, it was filling and tasty.Garlic butter Sole, with grilled asparagus - It was perfectly paired with the seafood risotto. Crab Cioppino - Hands down the best cioppino I've ever had. I'm not a big fan of this dish, but Sotto Mare has it down. The whole pot was just filled with crab, clams, scallops, mussels and pasta. The flavors of the seafood were so sweet and the tomato sauce made every bite extremely delicious. It's almost too good for words, you just have to go try this your self.The atmosphere and the people that run the place is fantastic. It makes you feel like you've come to someone's house for dinner rather than a restaurant and everyone was very friendly and helpful.This is definitely one of the better experiences I've had for seafood and I will definitely come back.
We had a great dinner here recently. We were greeted by the friendly hostess and knew that this was going to be a pleasant experience.The service was good and the ambiance was relaxing and felt very homey. Our drinks arrived quickly and our server was friendly and always had a smile on her face. I had the monkfish and it was very good except that I could have done without the tomato based sauce over the fish. I prefer simple preparations with nothing to overpower the quality of the fish.  The hubby had the smoked salmon and fettucini-it was very rich-and he enjoyed it. The bread was fresh and flavorful. I definitely intend to return to try the cioppino.
Gigi, the owner, is straight-talking and doesn't take crap from anyone. He's like the cioppino nazi, but he's great fun and his restaurant serves an awesome cioppino. The East Coast oysters were so fresh and as was the seafood in the stew. Get there early for a shorter wait that's served with a glass of wine. Order, eat then get out to make room for the next table!
Im not a 5star kind of gal, but this place deserves it! The most delicious seafood I have had in sf! Sat down for a table of 1 at the bar and was treated like a princess. But I wasn't the only one. Anyone on the floor from waiter to owner stopped by to ask how everything was... to all guests.Food was fantastic... If u can't decide what to eat ask because they know their food sol incredibly well, or go with the linguine with sea food with white wine. It CAN'T disappoint.Location is off columbus so parking is limited to streets. And the menu is short so only go if u want something that lives in the ocean. Price: Plate average is 15-18 per person, portions are large so u pay for ur leftovers! Mmmmmmm
Amazing restaurant! I carbo-loaded here for the Nike Women's Marathon on the chef's choice linguini with white sauce...incredible!!! They only serve seafood and I must say it was the freshest seafood I've ever had!
THIS REVIEW IS BASED ON SERVICE ONLY. My husband and I decided to come here last night because of the rave reviews. It was Saturday at about 6:30pm and the place was super busy. As I walked to the door there were about ten people standing outside, then as I walked through the door there was a party of two directly in front of the door and a party of three to the left in front of the hostess (f.y.i. Shes not really at a stand or podium or any acceptable place for a hostess, at first I couldn't even tell who I was supposed to speak to to get a seat), so there was really no way to walk up to her to put our names on the waiting list. After a minute or two of waiting there, she came out and offered them wine (it seemed like they were getting refills) and I was expecting her to acknowledge me but she just walked away back to her little spot and stood there apologising to the rwo parties with wine that she has to seat those with reservations first. There was no way for me to walk past them to speak to her. I waited another minute or so thinking perhaps she hadnt noticed me and then she started to walk to the back. One of the people in front of me moved a little so I stepped forward a little and politely said, "excuse me..." and she interrupted me and put her palm toward me and said, "One monent ma'am!!", or something like that and walked away. I was so upset I walked out and as I was leaving she came out to tell some of those waiting that they're table was ready, I was walking away right in front of her and she made no attempt to apologise or put my name down or anything. May I add, I was right behind those getting wine and she made me no offer and there was not even an effort to acknowledge my presence! VERY BAD SERVICE! The inside of the restaurant was very small although I read that there is a downstairs tgat I did not see, so unfortunately I cant really give any comments about that. It was moderately noisy. I think I would've definitely been happy to stay and try the food had I not been so upset over the hostess' rudeness.
I loved this place. Excellent seafood in the heart of North Beach. My friends and I read the reviews here and decided to give it a try.I must say that this was an excellent choice. As everyone has said the cioppino is amazing. Our waitress, who was so nice and helpful, also suggested the sand dabs which were great too.The place was lively but not too loud. I can understand how some people might be frustrated with Gigi's family style hospitality (welcoming but blunt and to the point). He came by our table as we were paying and said "you paid your bill? Then get out!" we laughed about it because he only had a semi-serious tone. There you felt like family and treated like family with fun and interesting results.Next time I'm in San Francisco I'll definitely be back to Scotto Mare.
Bad service, nasty mushy frozen seafood risotto...the scallop is just tasted frozen and mushy to the core.... I swear I'll never go back again!!! Change me $19 for crap like that, they should pay me to eat it!!!!
This is the best Cioppino in town. No doubt. It's huge - enough for 2-3 people.
Stopped in on a Friday night without a reservation. Rookie mistake. However, they found us a table with the provision that we be out by 8. The food was outstanding. We had the Petrale Sole (a special), the Sand Dabs, and the chowder. All excellent. Our server, Shelly, was terrific and lots of fun. We'll be back.
This is how to receive ZERO stars (if Yelp let you award zero stars), tell a guest who arrives 35 minutes before closing the kitchen is closed. That is correct the host unceremoniously told a 2 TOP the kitchen is closed at 8:55 on Saturday night. No apology or explanation given. Restaurant was highly recommended by family and friends from North Beach, shame. As a restaurant worker for many years I have no words to offer other than not returning.
We arrived around 7:30pm on a Monday and there seemed to be maybe 3 other parties of 2 in front of us waiting for a table. The hostess pointed out that they were slammed that day and it could be around 15 min wait. That to me, is not bad. She offered us a few glasses of wine while we waited. We were seated in the back at a table and ordered the prawn cocktail, the blue cheese wedge salad and the whole cracked crab as an entree. The prawn cocktail came with 5 prawns. on top of a bead of lettuce w/ cocktail sauce. Only problem with that is that the lettuce soaks up the sauce. Leaving prawns sauce-less. The blue cheese wedge was good. Crisp and cold. The cracked crab was good. I've never had cold crab before (listed under appetizer section) so it was interesting. It was really cracked so hardly any work was done on my part. Just the shoveling into mouth part. I definitely like this place but the seafood pastas are the thing to have. Service is VERY attentive. Someone checked on us every few minutes.
Good things come to those who wait... here is a perfect example lolWe waited almost an hour to be seated (they don't take list...) and as the hostess said it was super worth it! And the time wasn't too bad since she served us with wine and a lot interesting comments (it was very entertaining to watch her talking and working hah).Another entertainment we had was the "desert menu". I don't want to ruin it for you, so keep in mind to check it out next time:PI liked the famous cioppino, highly recommend if you go there for the first time. We ordered two entrees, one cioppino and the other one is linguine with scallop and that was way too much for us... the food here comes in pretty big portion, so be prepared:)definitely my favorite italian seafood place so far!!!
Amazing!! We ate here for dinner while visiting the area. My husband had the seafood pasta and I had the seafood risotto...both absolutely amazing! Highly recommended!
While we did not try the cioppino, what we did have (the fettucini pomodoro and Wild Salmon in a garlic oil sauce) were quite good. Not 5 star worthy, but 3.75/4. It almost tasted home made. The atmosphere was fun and inviting, and it smelled great inside.
the cioppino was delicious, and the clam chowder was really tasty as well! the staff was super friendly. this is definitely a place i'd bring out-of-town guests.
The Cioppino is SOOOOOOOOOOOO delicious and more than enough for two. Plus, the service here is top notch!I'll be sure to swing by this place every time I'm in SF.
Part of what makes this a truly wonderful experience is the atmosphere of this establishment. Upon walking in we were offered free small glasses of wine to spend time on while we waited to be seated. The decoration is fun and most certainly abundant. The wait staff was wonderful and the customers were clearly having fun. Laughter and singing was abundant and once seated I was handed a menu and a dessert menu. The dessert menu was excellent because it was a 2 paragraph explanation about how the ill health of the owner made it morally wrong for desserts to be served at the restaurant to his customers who, were they to partake, could also end up with diabetes, gout and general ill health, but the customer could seek out one of the many local establishments that serve wonderful desserts and are full of great people. We ordered seafood fettuccine and fettuccine pomodoro, both of which were amazing. Honestly, were I to go again I would probably eat the seafood dish again because it was spectacular. It was buttery and had no lack of variety or quantity of yummy seafood bits. The music was great, the people were great, the food was more than great. I would definitely recommend it to pretty much everybody, so long as I liked them.
If I was reviewing it on the cioppino, I'd give it 4-stars. Its really good. The price though, is more touristy prices than what it should be. Sand dabs. Meh.Blue cheese wedge. MehThe bread they serve with the food. Meh. Seafood ravioli. MehI'm sure there are some things that are really good here. The cioppino was very filling and delicious. Maybe other things too. But there are too many things that are just hit or miss here and the miss is just poor that I don't know what you are getting for your money.
Truly impressed with this funky, little 'joint' serving some of the freshest, tastiest Italian-inspired SF dishes in North Beach. In an area notorious for cheesy tourist traps, Sotto Mare really stands out. It's not a cliched Italian place -- if that's what you're looking for there are tons of choices. This is great food, fun service in a quirky atmosphere.We had the signature cioppino which was truly outstanding. And shared an order of sand dabs (a new experience for me) -- they were simple, fresh and delicious. I will undoubtedly be back in the near future.
one word. CIOPPINO.Sotto Mare is the best thing in north beach. The best service around, it is family run so all the waitresses/ waiters are super knowledgeable what's going on with the specials, portions, and all that good jazz. Clam chowers all around for our appetizers. This is definitely not your sometimes watery, sometimes too creamy, or sometime too chunky boudin's clam chowder. Sotto Mare's chowder is the right consistency, loaded with all the right amenities (fresh clams and veges). There are just no words to describe it, YOU HAVE TO TRY IT!my friends and i (3) shared the Cioppino.. The cioppino, is a penne pasta dish served in a pot topped with clams, mussels, cracked crab, squid and pretty much whatever is edible under water over red sauce. It is the best thing in the world next to sleeping in on a saturday morning.. and honestly, this dish should only be shared with 2 people, me and my friends sucked and had a huge lunch that day... but if you're going for some serious dining out, order 1 per person or pair, trust me.. one will not be enough! SM is very casual with the elbows-on-the-table feel to it, service is great, very friendly like i said earlier. They also have a banquet room downstairs, but didn't get to check that out.... anyways... come to SM for fresh tasty seafood, clam chowder, and cioppino! *drool*
This place reminds me of eating great food cooked by my Sicilian grandmother amidst all of the casual bric- a- brac. We have been to lunch there twice on quick trips to SFO. Seafood is delicious and service is friendly. Last time we enjoyed the cioppino - split it for a light lunch. Prior time, we enjoyed the oysters, sand dabs and shrimp/scallops. All awesome! Then be sure and walk around the neighborhood to enjoy the park, Italian bakeries, and a cafe if you still have room!We have not had to wait at lunch time but it must get crowded at dinner- another small place. Guess that is why they do not serve dessert there...
We were in the mood for seafood yesterday afternoon. This place had good reviews on Yelp, so we headed to N. Beach to check this place out.The restaurant is long and narrow. The place looks dated, was a bit dark and has a very basic, old diner look.We ordered the Sand Dabs with vegetables ($19) and Linguine with clams in olive oil and garlic ($17). The linguine came with a very generous portion of small clams. The clams tasted fresh and the garlic olive oil mixed with fresh calm juice was nice. The Sand Dab is a small sole like fish. The order came with 5-6 fillets. The preparation of the fish was basic - breaded and grilled. The fish was very fresh as it had that distinct sweetness of very fresh seafood.Their oysters looked really fresh and every table had an order or two. I was tempted to get a half dozen, but was too full to eat any more food... The service was efficient, but somewhat abrupt. We waited a while to get the check and pay for it as the server was stretched being the only server in teh restaurant..This is a not a place for great service or cool/hip decor. It's a place for simple execution of very fresh seafood. Since I grew up eating fresh / live seafood, this place hit the spot. I would definitely come back for more Sand Dabs and to try their fresh oysters on the half shell next time.5 stars for the freshness of seafood (which is surprisingly hard to find in SF) and 3 stars for everything else (ambiance, service, creativity).
They take reservations so use it to your advantage because it gets crowded! They were booked in the main dining room so the owner asked if we wouldn't mind getting seated downstairs. He was super friendly while they got our table ready. We were a little hesitant since we walked down some stairs, past a doorway into another store, and then were the only ones down there for awhile. But they were quick to bring us bread and refill our waters and we never had an issue of not having someone available. And then 10 minutes later, the entire downstairs was packed! It became a little noisy after that. We had oysters which were good and of course had to order the cioppino. It was amazing and we were stuffed! We ended up even having leftovers since we ordered a bunch of other things as well. They're not pretentious at all here and I love that. Be prepared for a casual environment with good fresh food and reasonable prices.
This place is amazing! I had a night in SF with my cousin and turned to good old Yelp for recommendations, and sure enough, I was not steered wrong. We even miraculously got a parking spot literally across the small street from the entrance. On a Tuesday night around 7 PM, there was no wait at all.Food: I split the Crab Cioppino with my cousin, and it was MORE than enough for two starving girls to tackle! This dish was served piping hot and full of fresh, perfectly-cooked seafood, noodles, and a tomato broth. I'm talking HUGE legs of crab, massive shrimp, plentiful octopi, fresh clams... I'd be eating here every night if I lived closer. And at $27 for the entire dish, dinner wasn't so expensive!Ambiance: You could spend hours looking at the walls! Pictures of patrons, evidence of fishing expeditions, dried fish hanging everywhere (which actually weren't at all smelly)... Even the people eating there are cool! We actually looked around to see what looked good on people's tables and asked them about the food, and everyone was really friendly. It's easy to make conversations with others if you're sitting at the bar next to the kitchen. Service: HA! For all you haters on here, LAME. No, it's not first class, white gloves, stuffy/expensive service, but it's exactly like being at a crazy aunt's house (I mean that in the best way possible!). The two ladies who greeted us had hearty laughs and treated us like we were in their home. Anyone read Harry Potter? It was like going to the Weasleys' :) They stopped by to check on us throughout the meal and pointed to and explained all the things on the walls. Highly recommended to seafood lovers!
what can one more good review do for such a wonderful delicious restaurant? Nothing, but for me to brag about the good food I had there during Fleet Week.The male owner was kinda crazy, but everyone else were exceptionally friendly and helpful. The place was still packed @ 9 PM. Had the following and they were all good. And no, regrettably, I did not eat them all by myself, but had to share w/ a group of 5.- fresh cherry oysters- clam chowder- the steamed clam bucket- cioppino- linguine w/ seafood- sand dab entree- scallop entreeI am trying to find reasons to go back there again! I just hope the line and wait can be shorter next time.
Gotta thank yelp again for helping me find another amazing restaurant. Went to Sotto Mare with 4 of my friends on Saturday night. A gentleman greeted us at the door and started to call my friend a beatnik for having a huge beard, it was off to a good start...We sat downstairs, it was a little packed, but everyone was friendly and the waiters and waitresses made sure you were comfortable.We started off with about 15 oysters, 10 east coast and 5 west coast, as my "oyster snob" friend tries to explain to the rest of us why the east coast oysters were superior. I enjoyed both styles equally. For the main course, I ordered the risotto with seafood. It was probably the best seafood risotto I've ever had, mainly because every single bite I had was packed with some sort of seafood. We all passed our dishes around. The salmon was great, and the portion was great. The cioppino was also great, the sauce definitely made that dish. But my favorite that night was my friend's sand dabs. With all the food and the beers, we all threw in around $35, which was definitely worth one of the best seafood experiences I've ever had in the bay area.
Thank you Louise, Betty, Ed and Betty's daughter for consistently providing great food and good times for me and my guests !!Without question some of the best seafood in The City, especially what I consider the best "' seafood fettucine in cream sauce" anywhere.Only complaint is that you are closed on Sunday !
No chicken, no beef, only fish and pasta! I have that line seared into my brain as the owner/busker at Sotto Mare proclaimed it to everyone who walked in and/or looked at the menu. I was fine with that as I was lured to Sotto Mare with the promise of fresh fish. Overall the food was pretty good (my seafood pasta was overflowing with scallops, clams, mussels, calimari and shrimp) but service was severely lacking. We waited outside for a good 20 minutes without water or even a glance from our waitress - the owner was outside drinking and laughing it up with some friends though (I wonder where he got his beer?) She was quite apologetic when she did come out but it's hard to go back on that first impression. And then at the end of the night as soon as our plates were cleared she dropped the check - no mention of coffee or dessert which would have been nice considering the beautiful evening. It takes more than good food and reasonable prices to make a dining experience enjoyable. Considering the service (or lack thereof) we encountered on Saturday night I doubt I'll return.
Beautiful night in the city, and there's no better way to spend it than at a hole-in-a-wall place like Sotto Mare.We had a reservation for a party of 6 at 7:30PM, and BOY was it a good idea. This place is completely PACKED and it had a line until 9:15PM. Gigi was the owner, and he was amazing at accommodating us. He even let us park right in front, and also came by to check on our table several times.We ordered the Cioppino (three actually), the Sand Dabs (perfectly grilled and seasoned), and the Linguini with Clams. Everything came out hot and fresh, and it was definitely one of the best seafood meals I've had!Service was a little bit rushed and the seating was a bit cramped. But hey, at a hopping place like Sotto Mare, it's expected.I will definitely return but maybe not on a weekend.
Don't be fooled by this little hole in the wall place. The owner Gigi is a no non-sense italian women who is a hoot when you get her talking. There is always a crowd waiting to get a table that should tell you the food is the best in SF. I dont mind waiting a bit bc they always give you a choice of red or white wine while you wait for a table. Love their cioppino!!! It is the best of the best in SF. You have to try it. Really authentic. The oysters are fresh and I recently tried the seafood risotto. It is creamy and amazing!! I take everyone who is visiting SF here when they want fresh seafood.
Brilliant local restaurant with no frills and excellent value. There's nothing remotely chain-like about Sotto Mare. The seafood and vegetables are fresh and straightforward. No frozen pseudofood here. The prices (under $20 for most entrees) are remarkable, and the portions are generous. No charge for corkage, either. There's often a line out the door, but our party of 7 was seated at exactly our reserved time. The service was attentive and engaged, an excellent overall dining experience.
very nice place and Gigi is a very nice man, the cioppino was the best.
My husband and in-laws came here on Friday night with a 6:30 reservation. We were seated pretty quickly, however when we arrived at our table, we were all pretty disappointed. We were sat in the basement section, which was absolutely FREEZING, uncomfortable, and unpleasant. It was ugly and dingy, and when we asked if we could be sat upstairs, we were told it would be at least an hour wait, and that those tables were for reservations. We told the waitress that we did have a reservation, and she said, well you must have come right after all of the other reservations were seated. It would have been nice if I was told when I called, that there was a possibility that we would be sat in the basement. Had I known, I wouldn't have bothered with the reservation. We should have left, since we were all uncomfortable, but we decided to just stay. Our waitress, Shelly, seemed a little rude and abrasive at first, but eventually we warmed up to her a little. However we never took our jackets off through the whole dinner, my feet were ice cold, and it was just NOT a good dining experience at all. The food was just OK. I had pasta with prawns in a pink sauce, that our server recommended, however it was very bland, and seemed to lack basic seasonings. My husband had the seafood risotto, which she also recommended. He thought his was pretty tasteless too. The in-laws had the cioppino and the combo louis salad. They liked theirs OK, but again, the ambiance really took away from the dinner. At the end of the meal, we all reconfirmed that we should have left at the beginning, and gone somewhere else.
This is the spot for chwoda' in the YAY. The impressive condiments/paper towel spread on every marble-top table foreshadowed the thrust of the meal to come: straight-up, high quality food. The seafood here was just as fresh and delicious as any highly rated foodie seafood stop (only in much larger quantities). The clam chowder is the best I've ever had (sorry Hog Island, you're 2nd) and one can buy it in various sizes (I imagine locals must buy containers of it to go).Don't walk, RUN here, And the seafood linguine requires that you order it as at least a first course.
This place was tiny- definitely have a reservation beforehand if you go- but so worth it. And by so worth it, I'm referring to the cioppino. It was one of the yummiest things I've ever eaten. I came here not so hungry, but ended up gorging myself on this deliciousness in a pot. And I should mention, I don't really like seafood (other than crab). So that must be saying something. For the next day all I thought about was how I could get my next fix of the cioppino. Unfortunately I was flying to the other side of the country so I was in withdrawl. I still drool at the very thought.
Everything served at Sotto Mare comes in fresh that morning and you can taste it! On my first visit here yesterday we had the chowder and blue cheese wedge as starters with sand dabs and crab as a main. Everything was delicious and well presented in a very timely manner. I've never had sand dabs and found them to be very nutty and sweet just like the owner had described them. They were plenty with a very light seasoning and not greasy at all. The crab was fresh and accompanied by a not too spicy cocktail sauce. The staff was awesome and the owner/server was full of delightful banter. We sat at the bar because I love being able to see the action in the kitchen and most times the staff will interact with you. The decor is just fine and honestly quite appropriate. Don't let the snobby yelpers keep you from this quaint and charming Mom and Pop.
Came here on a Tuesday night and the place was banging.Sat at the bartop where you can see directly into the kitchen. It's a small quaint little place with a nice whimsical atmosphere... Kinda felt a little bit east coast a little?? Maybe? Ordered the choppino and it was bang-a-rang! So much and perfect for sharing. Had crab legs, squid, mussels with penne pasta.Friends ordered the scallop and the riscotto. Both legit dishes as well.Wouldve given it a 5 but it felt rushed. Since it's small they really try and turn tables quick so you can't really chill and hang out after.
Sand Dabs, crab louis to perfection, so, so hospitable, very italian. THE BEST RESTAURANT IN NORTH BEACH. go alone, on a date, with out-of-towners...a pleasure for any seafood lover.
The food was good, but not something special. Fair for the price. On the other hand the whole experience was ruined by the terrible reception. We had made a reservation in advance, when arrived they refused to let us in. First, they said the we were too drunk, but none of us was drunk, not at all. Nor were we noisy or rude. But the lady at the reception kept insisting that we were drunk. One of the guys smiled at her, maybe she was not ok with people smiling, so she said she could call police. That was done in a very very rude manner. As a they tried to justify themselves later, that day they had had some issues with young people wearing Santa hats. Well, yes, few our guys worn Santa hats, and yes we are young(~25). That was the first part. There were six of us, but some guys were coming later, that is why we got reservation for eight people. When our friends arrived they did not let them seat with us, despite the fact we had available seats at our table and reservation for the people we expected to come. We were very upset, but as they clearly stated to us, they didn't care about loosing few clients, and the lady at the reception is an owner or a relative of the owner so she didn't care at all. Hence we left as soon as possible.
This place was AMAZING! The experience was great from start to end. The owners/hosts were so hospitable and friendly, made us feel right at home. We ordered a salmon fettuccine and a pot of the cioppino. Both were outstanding. Everything was affordable ($15 - $30 entrees). We cannot wait to go back.One tip - it's a pretty casual atmosphere, so don't expect a very romantic experience. Feels more like a diner than a restaurant. But, unless you are trying to impress some high-maintenance date, GO HERE! You will be happy.
I had the Fettituince with Smoked Salmon and my friend had the famous Crab Chippinio. Great staff and good atmosphere.
I went here for a work gathering me and 6 others.,this place is small the food is good and decent selection of beer on tap.The service is great, no nonsense wait staff, very dirrect and funny most of the time.The place gets shoulder to shoulder with the after work crowd, some outside tables, clean spacious bathrooms and good seafood. There is no fryers, so no fried food at all on the menu.
Small spot, make reservations. The food was delicious. Had the cioppino, among other tasty dishes, and it lived up to expectations. The servers were very attentive. Our hostess was hilarious--no sugar-coating, very blunt, and gave the girls a pretty hard time for being 20 minutes late for our dinner reservation. However, all's well that ends well, and by the end of the night we were all best friends with satisfied appetites.
Cool Decor. AOK place to eat a meal.
We are from LA, and my wife was at a conference all day...but being my birthday, I searched out the highest rated Cioppino in town! It is rated for two, and I should have listened...but I am the type to not leave a thing on my plate. So I did eat it all, but did not feel the $38 was worth it...good but not awesome. Broth was stingy in volume and not spicy at all. Perhaps I am just too full! Service was friendly and atmosphere great. Wish I had Scallops to rate.
amazing cioppino.
Bliss, pure bliss. I have never been to a restaurant like this before, and I doubt I'll find another one.The food is excellent, the hospitality is AMAZING (Louisa and Betty are dolls and I wish they were in my family!) I had the sole which was incredibly fresh and they give you a ton of it! My mate had fettuccine alfredo with scallops and he loved it. I even tried a bite of the scallop!If you're turned off by the long wait, distress not. Louisa will constantly keep you updated and maybe even offer you a glass of wine! Seriously can't rave enough about this place.
OMG this place is fantastic. We were going to have dinner at one of our old standby's in north beach, but decided to give this place a try. We were very warmly greeted by the older Italian gentleman who is the owner. The restaurant is cozy and we were told we would have to wait a few minutes. The owner gave us and the other couple waiting complimentary wine while we waited and proceeded to entertain us with his jokester rapport with the serving staff. While we waited, a local guy who clearly is a regular made some menu suggestions. We knew we had made the right choice in coming here right away. Dinner was plentiful, and the pasta and fish were delicious. Our wine glasses kept getting refilled and I don't think they charged us for any wine. Needless to say, I had a lot of wine, so who knows??? No dessert here, don't be sad. They warn you at the start of the meal on the menu so it is not as dissappointing. The wait staff are feisty and not afraid to get into a politcal debate with you during the course of your meal. I mean that in a good way.We'll be back for sure.
East Coast vs. West Coast is basically their theme on the menu. Oysters were outstanding in flavor and freshness. As we ate outside, the feel of this place makes you think you found a "secret" hole-in-the-wall eatery that you can only share with your friends. But unfortunately, with Yelp, you have well over a few thousand plus!Manila baked clams with fettuccine soaked in a buttery sauce was absolutely delicious!! Clam chowder was also recommended by another Yelper but the Clam fettuccine hit the spot. Good eats, price is very reasonable and good service makes this place a definite stopover.Enjoy.
Came here with a friend after a gorgeous day hiking at Angel Island. It was mid-day so it wasn't crowded inside. We were excited to try the oysters and the "famous" cioppino. All I have to say was I've had MUCH better cioppino at other seafood restaurants and probably even better ones at the nicer buffets in Vegas... It was pretty bland and nothing was memorable about it, except for how pricey it was. You do get a big portion, however, the lack of flavor wasn't worth the price. However, the oysters were good, nothing special, but they were fresh. We also tried their West Coast oyster shooters and those were probably the best item we had there. Overall, I definitely would not go back for their cioppino. I can't comment on the other items on their menu, but I think I would rather try out the other seafood restaurants in the city before coming back here. On the plus side, the staff was nice and sitting by the bar gave us a nice view of the kitchen.
Eat the cioppino. just do it. It's too good for words and only tastebuds can tell the story.I have no damn idea what Rex Sole is, but it is sooooooo perfect at Sotto Mare. The waitress recommended no sauce with it, and it was probably the best advice she could give. The fish was flaky on the inside, and had a wonderful brown texture on the outside.I'd recommend eating both types of Oysters, though i did prefer the East Coast ones
Great seafood restaurant! They have crab, cram, shrimp, and everything!!! BUT make sure that you bring all the people with you to the restaurant on a reserved time. Otherwise, you won't get seated especially for a group of 3-4 since this place is so popular:)
So I've been here a few times, and if you don't mind super narrow spaces, bumping through people trying to eat on both sides and aren't clostophobic..then you've made it to your seat. Every time I've come has been a party of 6 or more so we sit downstairs which isn't exactly handicap friendly. There's no ramp and is difficult for people to maneuver up and down to the bathroom.So, the food...good. Service..eh..the waitress could act not so robotic, I mean it's an "expensive" place...act like it is. But for the grand finale of my one star rating: ROACHES!! Where I sat was by a random wood block that sits the clean plates an silverware...roaches were seen by myself an the rest of my party running back an forth across the clean dishes...try eating after witnessing that. I will no longer eat there. The seating, the service and the whole roach thing...yeah makes me sick just thinking about it.
LOVE this place. Thank you Yelp for another find.As fresh as fresh can get. Family owned place. The staff is fabulous. Try the seafood linguine or the huge pot of seafood and pasta (forget the name). If you life seafood, you need to eat here.
Can't even rate due to the most abhorrent service I've encountered. First we called to get reservations and the person answering was rude, smug and flippant about same day res. then we went in person about 90 minutes later to get in line and await our turn. The hostess was again rude, flippant, not even willing to put us on her wait list. I get that this is a popular place, and that some days it's so busy that they cant serve everyone, but be nice about it. We were not demanding or pushy or anything that might warrant a retaliatory tone (I'm constantly being accused of being too nice and not pushing hard enough). I was just completely appalled by this woman's attitude, and will not go there, or recommend to others, again.
Ventured over here after hearing rave reviews about this place. Personally, I don't really like this type of food (seafood/Italian) and thought it was HIGHLY overrated. But I had a friend in town who was craving seafood, so I gave it a go. I guess this place would be comparable to Swan Oyster Depot, since they are famous for their shellfish, oysters, clams, cioppini, chowder and seafood pastas. We started off with a litre of the house red, which was a lovely cabernet. We then got this dip to go on the bread called Baccala. It was cod, basically doused with oil. Ew. I was NOT a fan. My friend only thought it was ok.  We then received 6 of the west coast oysters (after asking the server what the difference was between east and west coast, he said the price, which is a $1 different). I thought the oysters were good (nothing special), but I really only like oysters if they are covered in hot sauce and cocktail sauce.For the main course, I had the salmon, which supposedly came with an asparagus, green bean, and cauliflower medley, but the server was wrong. It came with asparagus and beets (which is one of the only food items I strongly hate). Salmon was ok, a bit overcooked.Chris had the seafood linguine which I thought was much better :) The pasta was cooked al dente and the seafood was fresh. It was a bit bland, but nothing that some Tabasco couldn't fix. All in all, I think this place is a overrated and I plan on trying Swan Oyster Depot next time.
Just the best cioppino I ever had
Amazing cioppino. Funny and charming proprietor. Perfect way to end our week in San Fran.
Fresh seafood as all get out. I've been wanting to eat here forever, but I heard the lines are carazee long. We had left work early for B to put a deposit down on his new GS Adventure bike, so I suggested Sotto Mare as a post-celebration.6p, the place was just starting to fill up. Warmly greeted by the owner and the service all night was splendid. He's a stickler and scolded our waitress when she didn't bring us separate plates and tongs, since we were sharing all of our dishes. I felt bad for her, but I guess it's that level of service that makes this place great.Now onto to the good stuff:West coast oysters -- creamiest I've ever tasted. I wanted to order a gazillion moh!Clam chowder -- they don't skimp on the oysters, seasoned perfectly, and we sopped up every drop with the breadSteamed mussels -- juicy, meaty, steamed open and resting in a white wine broth. just delectable.Seafood with linguine -- chose the cream sauce (red is an option) and I was beside myself over the clams, more mussels, sweet large shrimps and the perfect al dente pasta. cream was smooth, not too thick or thin, and not too salty. coated the seafood and pasta perfectly.I'll definitely be back to try the other yummy dishes that I saw leaving the kitchen: lobster, sand dabs, petrale sole....mmmmm!!! Making myself seriously hungry.
Louise was our server and I promised to mention her in the review. I went there with a colleague a few weeks ago. Great food, reasonable price. Great service. I had the seafood linquine which was great. My colleague had the ciopinno. We both had the seafood soups which were great. Very relaxed and fun atmosphere.
One of the exasperating things about the husband is his perfectly inconvenient random food cravings (i.e., "I feel like a great bowl of hwae naeng myun!") that force me to dive off the precipice of my safe little neighborhood haunts into the unknown. The awesome thing about my husband is that his inane cravings sometimes lead us to a gem of a place like Sotto Mare. We ended up here late on a Saturday night after an intense consultation with Yelp because Mr. Y. wanted cioppino. From the moment we stepped in, I could tell it would be perfect. "STAND BEHIND THE LINE!" the lady I took to be the owner barked at my spouse (which was completely called for...driven by hunger, he was trying to nose his way into a table set for 4 at the front). But as soon as a pair of seats opened up at the counter, she was sweet as can be and settled us in with menus and took our drink orders.I easily could have spent the next 30 minutes taking in the decor throughout the place...from old photos of SF to a Godfather poster, to fishing nets and plastic effigies of local fish and a giant menu proclaiming "Lobster is overrated!" (agreed), it was overwhelming...in a good way. But I knew why we were here and quickly dug into the menu. Oysters on the half shell were fresh and slippery, and the blue cheese wedge salad was a nice tangy introduction to the main event. I had the linguine with clams...the pasta itself was not memorable, but it's topped with a generous helping of Manila clams which are delicious. The cioppino was something special, served in a copper tureen with every kind of shellfish and other seafood bits you can imagine. Big enough to share, he impressively polished it off on his own. We loved it all, from the food to the atmosphere!
We decided to go to Sotto Mare for our girls' night out dinner - big yay to Jane L. for knowing about this place. Be prepared to hear funny stories (that you might not understand all of) and blonde jokes coming from the owner of the establishment. A couple of us were waiting for the rest of our group to arrive and were treated to a half glass of wine on the house! Sweet!Who knew this place was so big! When you first walk into the restaurant it's pretty deceiving. We were actually seated in a small dining area downstairs - separate from the main dining area.Love the water pitchers and the self serve olive oil and balsamic, MORE PLEASE!!! Kat C. and I decided to split the fettuccine with pesto and the sauteed prawns. The pasta was deliciously creamy and rich. The prawns were so fresh and flavorful! I wish there had been more on the plate! Other people had crab salad, seafood pasta, and pasta with the red sauce. The red sauce is definately not your average grocery store bought jar sauce - it's got a spicy kick to it and is super yummy!Service is okay - a little slow but probably because the restaurant is so busy.A little pricey but I think the price reflects the freshness of the seafood. Definately want to try the sand dabs next time - they looked MONSTER good. Ooh! I cannot forget about the clam chowder either!Looks like I'll be back...
Way too long of a wait for mediocre pasta. Service was not good. Unrelated to service, I really am not into loud, overly affable hosts, either. If you are, there are many to be found in North Beach, including this place.
...as if this place needs another raving review!!!! WOW! i've travelled the world, seriously, and this place is for sure one of the very best. a down to earth, friendly, no shi-shi, fairly priced AND delicious place is always exciting to discover. a complimentary sip of wine while you wait...? i have to say, for me anyway, a first! :-) the oysters, mine from the puget sound, were so fresh with just a wonderful taste of the ocean. couldn't have been better and shucked leaving no residue of shell or sand. I've had that misfortune in even the finest of restaurants, which is a definite drag! the mixed seafood linguini is loaded with nice variety of fish and the seared combo of scallops and prawns, with a delicious butter/lemon/garlic and caper sauce...YUM! the scallops and prawns were plentiful and both seared to perfection, not overdone. no desert here...but no problem. a nice stroll after your meal brings you upon italian gelato or pastry choices. well...since you're reading this review, you're courious about this place. GO...GO...GO!!! your tummy will be so happy and thank you! ;-} there's going to be a "next time" for me and i'm already anticipating that amazing looking cioppino! fyi: no reservations for less than 3 and weekends get crazy busy, so if you're alone or a party of two, go early!
We went here for the seafood and we were pleasantly surprised by the quality & flavor. The grilled sea bass and sauteed sea scallops(delicious sauce) were better than expected. Cooked to perfection and not over done. The surprise was that the vegetables were also cooked, but not killed. It's not easy to find restaurants that do both seafood and vegetables with excellence. This is a place to eat & leave, not sit & chat. But, it does get crowded, so don't be in a rush to get in.
Out-freakin-standing!Could be my new favorite SF restaurant. Such a surprisingly fun and delicious meal.A few things: 1) Oysters are nice - the east coast ones are tiny but much tastier than the west coast. 2) Cioppino - easily feeds 2 very hungry people, maybe 3. 3) Bonus: you get plastic crab bibs with your cioppini for extra messy easting enjoyment. The owner and staff are all amazing, fun, and genuinely happy to be there. They all have a sense of humor and make the place feel like home. The owner went so far as to demonstrate proper eating techniques for cioppino since apparently we were doing it wrong. As soon as he saw what we were doing to his masterpiece, he comes out from behind the bar, walks over to us and tells us we're in trouble. He proceeds to remove a crab leg from the bowl and break off a tiny crab claw. This "tool" became the utensil for scraping more delicious crab meat of the body and into the soup so we could "taste the ocean!"
The best clam chowder I've had outside of Maine (my home state & yes i am a little picky about it.) Awesome, welcoming staff. Great vibe. Low key.  There's a lot of choices in north beach, and this was the food highlight.
Brought family here for dinner. My wife and I split the Cioppino. It was excellent. The seafood linguine, risotto w/seafood and the linguine w/clam were great too. The service was great. The restaurant was full on a Thursday night. People were waiting outside. With so many options in North Beach, the short wait of well rewarded many times over!
Pleasant, quaint cafe in the afternoon. I had wild salmon with lemon and capers and sauteed vegetables. The fish and veggies were fresh and tasty. We drank a half liter of house wine. This is a nice stop after sightseeing.
Enjoyed a very good meal and overall experience tonight for Mother's Day dinner. Had reservations for 4 at 6:30 pm. We were 5 minutes early and we were promptly seated. We ordered the ciopinno comes in a metal cauldron and does feed 2 ppl), rex sole (whole fish version), seafood risotto, 6 whole clams, 2 West Coast oysters, glass of house red, and a diet coke. All this yumminess came out to $100.90 (with tax). Service from our waitress was good. The service from the manager (sister-in-law of owner) and another waitress (Betty with cap on) was outstanding. The manager and Betty warmed up to my daughter and checked several times to see if she was enjoying her meal. They also were kind enough to filet our fish and remove the bone intact. My wife and daughter lovedthe risotto. Rice was tender with a little body on it...just the way we like it. Why not 5 stars.Our friend and I loved the ciopinno and sopped up the glorious broth with the house bread. Add some hot pepper flakes and the ciopinno dances in your mouth! We also asked for some fresh chopped garlic to eat with the bread. We simply created our own fresh garlic spread by adding olive oil, black pepper, and kosher salt (part of the condiment tray on your table). It was DELISH! We also got hugs from the manager and Betty on the way out. Why not 5 stars you ask? We took a star away when we saw another waitress (older, large, stiff looking) rudely ask the table next to us "to leave because they don't offer dessert and that there were many people waiting in line." it was the abrupt and unapologetic way she delivered the message that rubbed me wrong. Great place...try to end up with Betty as your server and have fun with manager!
Great Cioppino. Menu says big enough for two, but I polished mine off solo. Only reason it isn't the "Best Damn Cioppino" is because I like mine a little on the spicier side, and this wasn't. Good atmosphere. It is small though, so get there early or have a reservation.
Experienced this wonderful joint for the first time a couple of weeks ago Everyone there loves what they do, and it shows. Indeed it's busy, so you may wait, but the service is friendly and full of personality. I had the monkfish (some call it the "poor man's lobster" but it's a delicious seafood choice on its own merit) with tomato-caper sauce---so tasty, just a tad too salty but so flavorful. One of my pet peeves that will have me sending stuff back is overcooked food, but the monkfish was cooked just right. My dude had the sole with a caper lemon sauce--a perfect complement to the perfectly cooked fish. We both watched one of the cooks lovingly make cioppino however (he even saw us watching and explained what he was doing and how great the dish is), and we made a oath that we are going back for that next time. It's my goal to eventually eat the entire menu. :))No dessert there, wihch works for me, since I'd rather fill up on the savory stuff.
This fish is fresh (say it 5 times-yo!). Like the other yelpers already said - Cioppino is amazing, like I actually thought about picking up the scalding hot metal bowl to drink the delicious broth. Seriously! Ordered the Seafood Risotto as an appetizer, very creamy and a wonderful variety of sea-foods. Entrees included the sauteed shrimp, delicious!! and the lobster (for only $20) which was pretty good, but even better for such a steal!Highlight was when the owner, Gigi, came to our table, insulted my hubby's lobster shucking skills and proceeded to man-handle the lobster carcus and actually ate 2 of the little dangling legs in the process. It was totally (random, wack, unreal, hilarious, endearing) cool! That is a true story folks.Best seafood we've had in SF. They don't serve dessert though. Bummer.
Even on an weekday this place was still crowded. We came with a party of six (2 children). Luckily, the hostess accomodated us to their downstair dining room. It was noisy but the room was small so this can't be helped. I was getting a bit of a headache but that was just my pet peeves. The waitress was nice when I asked about items on the simple menu. Wish they have pictures or more descriptions. Anyways, I shared the Crab Cioppino and the seafood was great! The crab was fresh and the sauce penetrated the meat well. No fishy smell to the meat. The mussles and clams were perfectly cooked imo. A great dining experience!
I surfed the restaurants available to surprise my wife while she was at some training in Fort Mason.After reading the reviews from Yelp I decided to take her to Sotto Mare (which isn't even mentioned on Zagat as of this review) Then again - shhhh! Don't let too many people find out about this place.We started off with the Oysters (a dozen with 1/2 Pacific and 1/2 Atlantic). They were fresh and excellent. Careful on the horseradish as it has sinus clearing quality to it. Excellent. 'nuff said.My wife asked about the cioppino and asked if it would be enough for two. The waitress (who looks and acts like a loving Italian mother....don't piss her off!) said that it was a perfect choice for two. She lied. You could have fed three linebackers off the amount of seafood we had in th bowl. The quality of the seafood was incredible. Big chunks of seafood and amazing amounts of crab, shrimp, squid, mussels, clams, and probably a few things I am missing.To try and quote a Southern saying if you set a bowl of this on your head your tongue would beat your brains out to get to it. Go ahead and try it. Just don't complain when you can't form complete sentences after this.We also had the sangiovese wine, which was excellent.The total price for the appys, dinner, and wine was under $100. This place has the charm of an Italian family dining room. It has a friendly family charm that is sure to annoy the true food snobbies.
Wow, what a fun and delicious experience! Everything about this place is 5 stars. Food, service, atmosphere, location, clientele--all were delightful. The wait was rather long (30 mins) but w free wine and close knit waiting quarters we made friendly conversations w fellow patrons and felt as if we were at a neighborhood party. I HIGHLY recommend the Cioppino. It was my first experience w this dish but not my partner's who raved about it flavor and the clean, fresh, varietal seafood in the stew like dish. It was amazing!We will be coming back to Sotto Mare soon.
If you like to eat like at home with the nona, this is the place to go, awesome cioppino and great attention!
990 reviews, 41/2 stars says it all. My girl and I bellied up at the bar with Betty our bartender/waitress all around great lady and she steered us in the right direction. Mama had the sand dabs (a light delicate filet of heaven.... actually about 10 little ones) that were excellent. I had the shrimp and scallop saute... Perfectly cooked and delicious with a scampi type sauce that reminded me of my own. If everyhing on the menu is this good, it's a can't miss spot.... I intend to find out! Thanks Betty for the great service, see you soon....
Wife and I had dinner there; I went for the highly rated cioppino and was not disappointed. Huge amounts of freshly cooked seafood in a rich delicious tomato broth with some pasta in the bottom of the bowl. Just kept ladling into my dish, shelling and eating until gone.Wife had the Sand Dabs (per my recommendation); rich and delicious. It says "grilled" but we are from Michigan and that usually means on a grate. Instead, this is more sauted but still a wonderful meal. The veggies on the side were also wonderful.Can't wait to go back next time we visit! Not a lot of ambience, but charming place in its own way.
4.5 stars just for the clam chowder which was chock full of clam! My husband is from Boston and remarked how good it tasted. For the entree, he had the seafood linguini which was full of seafood. I wanted to try the sand dab but they were all out. The waitress recommended the petite sole instead, which I didn't like it too much and would not recommend. Decor is kitschy, ambiance crowded and loud, prices are moderate. Only negative: the service is just ok. The food comes out kinda quick and then they just leave you alone. You have to flag down any waiter that walks by the table to get anything. Still, I'd come back again.
Mama mia!The ciopinno the ciopinno! The most savory, flavorful and fantastic ciopionno ever! We sat outside and our waiter made us feel like family- I love seeing th bustling of the people on the streets and all the activities! My recommendation: order the ciopinno and share & sit outside and take in the awesomeness of Littly Italy and all the people of this fun town. * also- dont be shy of wearing the bib and sitting outside!
My wife and I went to dinner here a couple nights ago, on what was apparently the hottest August night on record for San Francisco. It certainly was toasty and muggy, so the hostess was kind enough to seat as at a table outside, even though it had a "Reserved" sign on it. We had a wonderful time, and you can toss my five star rating on the well-deserved pile of hundreds that Sotto Mare has earned. I had the prawn sautee, and Mez had the cioppino. Because of my wacky metabolism (as well as propensity to snack between meals), I am generally not one to finish what's on my plate when I go out for dinner. Not the case at Sotte Mare, as the prawns were delicious. They were coated in a thick (but not too thick) garlic-flavored sauce. Maybe I haven't had seafood in a while, but these were hands down some of the best prawns I've ever eaten. The vegetables were primarily broccolini, something I am not normally fond of, but in this meal they were quite tasty. And while already full, having finished both my meal and a few slices of the pre-dinner bread, I helped Mez out a little bit with her cioppino, which definitely deserves its reputation. With the heat hitting 100 that day, it probably wasn't the best day to stuff myself, but the food was so good, I couldn't help myself.
I have FOUND my place for seafood! It's a hole-in-the-wall, so if you're not looking, you would miss this place. The restaurant is set up like a diner and there's outside seating available. I felt at home here with its whimsical decor of memorabilia, models of fresh fish, and other knick knacks. My love for oysters is ridiculous and this place really hit the spot. Not only did it fulfill my hunger for oysters, but they had CLAMS, on the half shell and only for a dollar! They were fresh and juicy. Clams are definitely my favorite, being from New England. The bowl of Boston Clam Chowder, wasn't exactly like home, but it was good and my husband hogged most of that! I also ordered the prawn scampi and the prawns were a good size and excellent, served on a bed of lettuce, a lemon, with a side of cocktail sauce.The staff was friendly and sitting at the diner, we got to see what was going on. It was nice that the staff enjoying their work, chatting away and having fun. Great seafood and good prices certainly made me happy as a clam :)
SOME OF THE BEST SEAFOOD I HAVE EVER INDULGED UPON. A local at Rogue public ale house recommended this joint to my friends and I, as we had no idea where great seafood was resonably priced. The service was excellent, our server was on top of ordering drinks and even gave us a run down on the history of the place. Everything was beyond fantastic and exceeded my expectations. First on the menu was west coast oyster shooters that had some sort of bloody mary mix garnished with a lemon. Next, four of us ordered three of the crab ciopinno, which had crab legs, shrimp, scallops, clams, muscles and penne pasta doused in a special marinara sauce. I felt like a led zeppelin in a gravity chamber after walking out back onto the street. If you enjoy amazing seafood at great prices, mark this on your map!
We were headed to a musical and needed to grab something... Specifically looked at Yelp reviews and decided to check this place out. LOVE the decor, there's a parking garage a few blocks down which was nice, and the food was great. We ordered the cioppino on recommendation of one of the older gentlemen that were working. Delicious. Plentiful with all kinds of fresh delicious seafood. Make sure to save some bread for dipping!
Been here twice. Little place with a tiny bit of attitude and really good seafood. Get the cioppino. If you don't like cioppino or seafood in general, don't come here. Legit.
I decided to set up a "surprise" dinner date with my friend in the city. That was easy enough. To do this, I called up a local ally to make "plans" with him that night. Rather than her showing up, I would be there instead.Anyway, she suggested I hold the party at a seafood restaurant. Alright then. I searched Yelp and selected the filters: $$, "seafood", and somewhere close enough to a Bart Station.That's how I found Sotto Mare, or Under the Sea, a cute Italian restaurant in the heart of North Beach. My kinda place. The food looked delectable and the staff, friendly. I showed up a little early to scout out the place and was greeted with a smile and 'buona sera'. With that kind of greeting, I just had to walk in. It was early and they offered me a seat at the back. I was mesmerized by the giant spada (swordfish) on the wall, and found myself walking further in. The host handed me a menu and I took a seat. It wasn't long before I became distracted by the menu of delicious food. Risotto. Cioppino. Grilled fish. Sea scallops. Oh man, I was hooked.I was supposed to think about what I was going to say or do or sing or something before my unsuspecting guest arrived, but I decided to put that on hold for a minute. By the time I looked up he had walked in and had taken a seat two tables in front of me. He looked over at me once and looked away. Maybe he didn't see me. Relief. He looked again. Confusion ensued. Then, understanding. Despite my disappointment at not coming up with something clever to say when I saw him, I must applaud Sotto Mare for the great food, distracting ambiance, and friendly service. Five Stars. I'll try again next time.
Loved the atmosphere, the food, and the prices! Sotto Mare is a lively seafood restaurant that looks to be very popular with the locals. Gigi, the owner, is quite a character. The place is loud in a festive and fun way. Highly recommended. Can't wait to go back.
Sotto Mare was really good. I had a wine to myself, my girl had a beer, and we shared the cioppino was was fullll of seafood, although the shrimp were really tiny, everything was good and fresh, especially the crab. The scallops were so sweet and my fiance kept stealing them. It was funny because the owner took off my jacket and even pushed me in but hes a in your face kind of guy which I like while other people might not. We also ordered some oysters, east and west coast, both of which I liked. The only downside was that it was a bit small and the owner had us move like 4 times while we were eating, and one of the waitresses were totallllly flirting with someones boyfriend and ignoring us for a bit while me and my fiance were watching haha . Yeah the cioppino was a bit on the saltier side, but it if it wasnt id give it a perfect 5hmmm, the inside is quite eclectic and not so snooty which I really liked. haha btw when I first walked in, the owner asked me " wheres your purse, how ya gonna pay?" and I pulled out my little clutch ahhaa .So hmm for this mom and pop place I'd give a solid 4 =) Id like to come back after my conquest to try some more cioppinos
What a great little family-owned spot. This place made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside! The food was good, the service was awesome, and I felt like the meal was a success walking out of there.Must haves: Cioppino, scallops.I know most yelpers have been saying sand dabs, which I also tried, but I honestly thought the scallops were the best. They were so perfectly cooked!!! Uuuggggh.....soft, yet, juicy and chewy. Perfect, and not overly flavored either. You still get the taste of the scallop.We also got the flounder special, which was good, but unimpressive compared to the scallops and the cioppino. But, don't get me wrong....it was all very very good. Just compared to the rest, it came in second.I've never had cioppino before, but daaaamn. That thing is awesome. It's full of all kinds of seafood, including a half a crab, scallops, clams, mussels, etc. etc. With a little pasta at the end of the meal, it's perfect. Benissimo!But, I loved the feeling I got when I walked into this restaurant. It feels like I got invited to someone's home. It's run by a family, and all the family members work there. They are all so nice, and they don't seem to be pretentious or judge based on the color of your skin, age, how much you want to order, etc. They just want you to enjoy your food! When the servers want you to enjoy your food, you usually do, and my friends and I certainly did. Thanks Sotto mare! You guys are awesome.
Wow, just called to make a reservation and was treated so rudely, and I felt so bad for even asking, I decided not to even go through with it. I could tell she wasn't happy I was calling about a large party, even though they are pushing their banquet room on their website, which holds up to 30 people. I'm sure the food is wonderful, but I'll never know because I'm not willing to be treated like a naughty schoolchild to eat it.
Best Italian food my wife and I have ever had in San Francisco. Ranks among the best we've ever had in the U.S. without traveling to Milan ; ). The Ciopino is amazing !!! The Sand Dabs looked amazing as well. The owner and her mother are amazing people. Reminds me of my family back in NJ.
While I've been a fan of the North Beach Lobster shack, I decided to statisfy my chowder/louie cravings somewhere new.I cannot say enough about this place! They were so warm and friendly the moment I entered. We cracked jokes and chatted and I felt like I'd been coming here for years!I got us clam chowder and a combo louie to go and it was ready very quickly. In the meantime the ladies behind the counter chatted with me about my "north beach flu" (aka hangover) and an older gentleman (perhaps the owner) suggested the oyster shooters next time I wake up feeling like death--basically an oyster, some soju, and tomato sauce.The prices are reasonable too!My fav thing was a sign that says "dessert menu" there is then a description from the owner that explains how desserts are not good for his diabetes, gout, and cholesterol so he cannot in good conscience serve them to his guests. He does list places one can go in north beach should you need dessert. I am totally taking the parents here since they always order dessert if it's in front of them...but not if they have to go find it. :) Good idea!FYI: Cash Only!
This place was great! The food was excellent, staff and owner are FUN! They don't have dessert so don't expect the traditional wonderful Italian desserts, the food and cozy atmosphere make up for it. A must visit!
We got out-door sitting and it was pretty good. Food was served quickly and they asked if you'd like them come together or not. Chef's choices are good and we just followed them. Everything done within half an hour and everyone is just busy enjoying food and don't bother talking lol. Will come again
I had butterflies in my tummy before my dinner here. You know that feeling you get when you go on a first date or meet someone really cute. Yup that was how I felt...I was nervous all day. And finally the time came that I had my dinner here. We came early so we were seated promptly. There was only 3 of us so we tried not to order too much...I didn't think my son counted at 1 full person.We had the oysters to start....they were yummy..especially since I didn't have to shuck it myself. Then we shared the mussels....mmmmm boy was it good....very tasty. Lastly...I had the crab cioppino and just then I knew was it was like to fall in love all over again. Ok ok I might be exaggerating a bit but it was so good. As one of my gfs said...they must have crack in it. I seriously drank the broth. The pot is big enuf for 2...filled with yummy seafood and it had pasta on the bottom. I will definitely put this on my list of yummy places to go to. And I have to come back with a few more people...there was definitely a lot of dishes that I wanted to try. Ha I'm already planning my next bday bash here too. My mouth is just watering thinking of Sotto Mare.
I am so glad I got to experience this place when I visited San Francisco. I would have loved to try more of their dishes, but "the 'best damn cioppino" was enough for two people (like how it says on their menu). That dish is enough for me to want more. It comes with an abundance of seafood, sauce, and pasta shells. Their food is a little bit pricey $20 - $40 range, but it's worth every penny. Your taste buds will feel like they're in heaven. I'll have to visit this place again if I'm ever in Little Italy.
This place is one of my best meals ever....reminds me of New Orleans....Great service....friendly and helpful....oysters tasted like the ocean. We had Dungeness Crab, Sand Dabs, Ciopinno, and Linguine with loads of seafood....wine and beers. If I lived here I would come every week. This place rocks and much friendlier than the snootier Ciopinno places. It is so nice to discover an incredible new place.
Over spring break, our family stayed in North Beach. We all love cioppino, so we had to try Sotto Mare. (Their claim to fame ... "the best damn cioppino!") We didn't have reservations, so Gigi, the feisty Italian that greeted us, asked if we wanted lobster. He handed us a lobster pager and sent us two doors down for a drink. We only had to wait 20 minutes or so. It was worth the wait!The Cioppino is enough for two -- with crab, shrimp, mussels, calamari and clams. The broth is a thick, flavorful, tomato base ... that is so delicious you want to soak every inch of it up with the crusty bread. We ordered two for our family of four, and had plenty to eat. We will definitely go back to Sotto Mare on our next trip to San Fran!
This is a perfect comfy dining experience. Warm and welcoming atmosphere, fantastic and healthy food and stellar service. We were greeted at the door as soon as we walked in by Louisa, who continued to check on us throughout of meal. When we left we received a hug from Louisa- making us feel like we were leaving home after a family meal. So touching.Rhea,our stellar server, guided us through the menu choices and was attentive without being intrusive. After all, this is a small space with lots of seating. Having said that, we really did not feel crowded (of course we got there at 430 so we could make it to Beach Blanket Babylon- whoohooo).Okay- now about the food. Since hub and I try to limit our starch carbs and focus on a healthier diet, this was the perfect restaurant. Pan seared fish with seasonal veg. I highly recommend the Petrale Sole...Try out the tomato sauce with capers on the side. Out of this world. Old school iceberg lettuce (still love the crunch) with tomatoes. You can opt for thousand island dressing or use the EVO and basalmic vinegars at the table. Skip the bread that they bring you and you have a delicous, filling heart healthy, low carb meal.Desserts---" Forget About it" Gigi has a menu that explains his reason for not serving desserts or coffee. Gotta love that guy and this place.Warning-- as we were leaving at 6ish.- the place was filling up.
Cioppino! What an awesome dish. I've never had Cioppino, but now I'm certain I cannot get it anywhere else because there is no way anyone can match up to Gigi's Cioppino.
I've been back to Gigi's many times since my last review. As far as I'm concerned, the only thing wrong with it are the ghastly young trendoids who go to it and criticize the decor. Puhleeze!The staff are very welcoming although I did have to snag one in order to order, one night - the food is what it is about and it is always fresh, simply prepared, and very good.TRENDIES! Go somewhere else that has glitz and loud thumping music and leave good, unassuming Sotto Mare to those who love it.
What a great restaurant with fantastic service. If you don't have the cioppino you should be punished for life. It's made for two @$38 and my husband I I can never finish it. The broth is to die for. A friend came with us one day that had a hearty appetite. He ordered the sand dabs and we were all certain it wouldn't be enough. He got a HUGE platter and finished every bite. Clam chowder is also great.
In San Francisco, my family and I (wife and two-year old) decided we had to try this place based on all the great Yelp reviews. We were not disappointed! My wife had the Clam Chowder (said it was the best she's ever had) and I got the Linguine with Manila Clams. It was the best seafood/pasta I've ever eaten. The noodles were the perfect texture and firmness, and the sauce was divine. The clams were excellent! They tasted so fresh, and I couldn't believe how many there were! They were mixed in with the pasta and sauce, still in the shell, but mostly opened. I seriously filled a small dinner plate with the shells! I would return here in a heartbeat - the bill was very reasonable too; we shared from our plates with our two-year old, and she especially loved the clam chowder, and ended up taking over the bowl. We were attended to very quickly, and just loved the experience.
I think you have to be in the right mood, and apparently order the right dish at Sotto Mare to leave happy.This felt more like a restaurant in New York, with somewhat brash service, which is okay for me (I'm originally from the east) but I can see how some people might be turned off by it. You can see some of that attitude in their attached dessert menu, which informs you they don't serve dessert and to visit another nearby establishment.Onto the food. I had one of their fresh catches of the day -- the Sole, which was prepared with lemon, butter and capers with a side of a broccoli-type veggie. Excellent. Sometimes simple fish dishes are too simple -- there's no flavor -- but this one got the flavor balance perfect. The veggie was great too.On the other hand, my friend got the shrimp salad, and it was hard to believe it came from the same kitchen. It was literally a pile of shredded iceberg lettuce, topped with scrawny shrimp and a sauce. It wouldn't take much to use a better lettuce (maybe a mix of greens) and to present it better than something you'd expect from Long John Silvers to make it a better dish.So, Yelpers -- be sure to read the recommendations here on what to get before you go. If both our meals had been good, I would have upped it to four stars.
Great great place. Seafood is their specialty. Check out their dessert menu. Great local feel with fun atmosphere. I will be back next trip.
Let me tell you a little story about my experience in San Francisco and eating at what I would consider one of the best seafood restaurants in the country. Being only a couple hundred miles away from the city, I try to take in the sights and sounds at least twice a year. It keeps my mind from going insane, keeps my fashion up to date, and gives an excuse to be an urbanite. Being there this last time was a dream come true. The boyfriend and I decided to make a little weekend of the city, shop, eat, drink, and have a little tomfoolery on [perfect January weekend this year. We had been there for a day and had pretty much done all one could do. Now mind you, I do not fall into the tourist traps which are abound in this city. SO, in other words I like to keep it real and go local. We had shopped, gone to the park, took a stroll through castro, ate at some great restaurants already, but as Saturday night was starting to kick in and we knew we wanted a great meal before a night out dancing, I started looking on yelp. I wanted Seafood and the boyfriend was in the dark to where I had picked. I decided a quint little Seafood restaurant on Green Street would be perfect before we went out.Boy was I sure right in picking a place sight unseen.When we arrived there was a line just to get a reservation. ouch, I forgot that would happen in the city. We waited for a little while to get out name. In the brashness that can be a urbanite and I can only guess the head of a strong Italian family, the owner and hostess gave me shit for what she thought was cutting in front of others with her witty banter being a tone of dont bullshit me kid, I have been around the block. However, with a little explaining, the air cleared, we got our name on the list and enjoyed a glass of wine which gave to us both for being patient( needless to say I felt at home waiting for my turn in the kitchen to get my plate of food). We waited a little while and time started ticking. She finally called our name and we were placed immediately onto the counter in which were the action happens. Needless to say, I am not going to finish the story because of three things. The service was impeccable for a last minute decision in a restaurant could easily get 5 stars without readers help. The second is that I want you to go and check it out and have an amazing time. And third is that the food was amazing.Cioppino was the best I have ever remembered----It is an SF originationBay Shrimp cocktail----holy jeez amazingness.Clam Chowder----Perfect balance of falvors and not too heavy on one particular ingredient Sole---------Done the way it is supposed to be. Flaky and tender.Wine------So much goodness, I actually over did myself later in the night. Needless to say the drive home the day sucked. However, it was worth every ounce. In all----If you are ever craving for seafood, need a tip for a great restaurant, or just want to try something new. THIS IS THE PLACE TO GO!
After reading review of this place, my husband and I had to try it. We had the clam chowder, fish of the day, and the seafood risotto.  YUM!!!!!!!!!! I'd eat here everyday if I lived in San Francisco.We went around 2pm for a late lunch on a weekday and got in right away.
This is an excellent place for sea food in San Francisco. I ate there several times and it is always great. Keep in mind this is a small place with 5 or 6 tables and about 15 sits at the bar. There is almost always a line to get in and often you will be greeted by Gigi who may offer a glass of wine as you are waiting. I had several of their dishes and appetizers are all great and fresh. My favorite dish is the grilled dabs.. this is just the best fish I had in the area. Their choppino is also awesome!Just go and enjoy!
After reading all the great yelp reviews, I decided to take my international guests to Sotto Mare because they were craving seafood.I called to make reservations, since I read that it's a small place and reservations are probably best. The lady who picked up said that 8:30 was best for them and I was fine with that. We got to the restaurant 15 minutes early since we were in the area. It was a GOOD thing we did because when we were standing behind another group of 4 people, we heard the hostess saying to them that there was a reservation under "Heather for 4" that they were willing to give up for the people in front of us! It's a good thing my friend heard her because he had to frantically wave and say that we were there! Fifteen minutes EARLY! The fourth person in our party wasn't there yet since we were early so they grumpily sat us while threatening that if she's not there soon, our table will be given away! We were worried so we hurriedly ordered the food, just in case they do kick us out for whatever reason. Needless to say, the start of our meal was a stressful occasion. I hesitate to give it low ratings because the food was indeed really good. I had the sand dabs and they melted in my mouth. The clam chowder was also excellent. My friends enjoyed the risotto, scallops, and fettucine and clams. I understand it's a small and busy restaurant, and they had other customers to attend to. But the whole incident hurrying us at the start of our meal was really ridiculous. Especially since we were early for our reservation. If we had gotten there on time, our table would have been gone! I'm being really generous with my stars, but the food did speak for itself.
This is off from the innter city but you get a GREAT meal. We even waited with our child and worth the wait. Price was reasonable and we went for the sea food. The employee had a fantastic attitude and that puts any business on top of my list. I do not miss when visiting. Proud to add a review. The soup and meal was all YUM!!!! This is a do not miss if you are visting San Francisco. I thought the wharf would be too commercialized so this fits the bill.
Great time. Make sure to make reservations any day of the week. Seating is very limited. Reservations are accepted for parties of 3 or more. We arrived at 7:00 on a Thursday evening and were seated at the counter watching the chefs cook meals. Very entertaining. Staff was great! Wait staff and kitchen, all included. Owner very pleasant and a big a part of the hospitable atmosphere. Obviously they all love their jobs. Crab Cioppino for two was awesome! Totally enjoyed the evening! Highly recommend Sotto Mare for a casual fun evening out!
So I found this place because of yelp, and I'm going to yelp it forward.An *enthusiastic* five stars. Gigi's Sotto Mare is seafood heaven. Served fresh, and unintentionally healthy. The daily specials are whatever they caught that day (YES they catch their own seafood). The service is also wonderful and accommodating.  I had sauteed scallops and prawns with a side of fresh veggies. Every bite was heavenly. There's no desert, because Gigi is diabetic and "after 12 restaurants and 62 years of life, coffee and dessert are bad for my diabetes, gout, and cholesterol. In good conscience I cannot serve this to my customers."
Came here at around 8:30 and my table of three was seated downstairs in the "dungeon" as Gigi called it. It's really just a mini banquet room...unfortunately the atmosphere wasn't as lively as it was upstairs on the main level. HOWEVER, Gigi did turn on some music later on during our dining experience. We all just wanted water, so our server gave us a neato blue ceramic pitcher. They serve complimentary ...sourdough bread i believe...or plain white bread....anyways....my fellow diners and I ate our bread with butter. Then after 10 minutes, we realized that we had a bottle of unopened olive oil and an unopened bottle of vinegar. We opened them and asked for more bread:Us: May we please have more bread? We just discovered the olive oil and vinegar. Server: Sure *about to grab our bread basket*---Gigi shows up---Gigi: MORE BREAD? DAMN, JUST GET NEW BREAD. FRESH!! (like jokingly mean)Server: Hah okay.few minutes later Gigi comes back with an entire 2 feet long loaf. he heads over to the table next to us and literally goes BAMMMMMMMMMMMMM and splits the loaf in half above his knee. he gives one half to the table next to us and literally DROPS the other half of the load "into" our bread basket. i took that half and tried to split it, but the loaf was too short...or i was too weak....i believe it's because the loaf was too short. My friend found it rather aggressive and obnoxious, but my other friend and I found it rather funny and lively (referring to Gigi's actions). We were like, THIS IS THE ITALIAN SPIRIT! Like we knew what the Italian spirit was...OKAY NOW TO THE POINTCiopinno 27 dollars, penne with:small but tender scallopsjuicy musselsclamscraband the west coast oysters were indeed fresh. no sandy texture, no sea flavor, and doesn't taste blobby. mmmm mmmmmm good. don't expect them to be huge though. they're average sized..small, but good. the bathrooms were very modern. black eerrthang. if you order ciopinno, they'll bib you!
The seafood is great, especially the clams, mussels. The salmon and halibut are both a little bit overcooked. The waiter/waitress are nice, but the owner is a bit rude
Excellent food, even better atmosphere with the music playing and everyone singing along!! We came at 9:15 and it was already closed for the night, however, they were willing to accommodate us and squeeze us in. Really enjoyed dinner here and would recommend this place for a casual dinner at the bar.
I have no idea whether the food is good - I assume it must be if the women who run this place don't care enough to be polite. I'm not expecting to be fussed over, but here's how to quickly alienate a customer: Ma'am them repeatedly, tell them to sit at the bar while you wait for your party and then tell them they're standing in the wrong place. Thanks, but at Sodini's they won't Ma'am you, they'll serve you quickly and they'll do it with basic manners. We're not all tourists, ya know.
wow... that cioppino was excellent! We went in for lunch and shared the cioppino between 2 people, and both left FULL! So dont be discouraged by the high initial price. The waiter was fun and actually talked to us, instead of through us, the walls were well decorated, and the service was excellent (bread and water refills were there in a heartbeat).The scallops were cooked as well as anything I have ever had, the squid was tender, not rubbery, the mussels and clams were all cooked to perfection. I am not normally a big fan of crab (I enjoy it, but most times crab legs are too much work for the amount and quality of meat you get out of it), but this makes me want to re-think that stance.All in all a wonderful meal and a wonderful time, I highly recommend it.
I have a total weakness for fresh, fresh seafood prepared in the simplest of ways so that the flavor of the fish dominates the dish. I think any restaurant that does this is totally ballsy - nothing but the freshest of fish prepared most carefully will work. They've got to be totally confident in their fish quality, and the owner and staff at Sotto Mare obviously are.We had a party of ten and we tried to make a reservation at this tiny place at 7:30 on a Friday night. My boyfriend accidentally gave the wrong phone number when he called, and when they tried to call us back to say that the downstairs banquet room wasn't available, they couldn't get through. So what did they do when eight of us arrived (2 missing)? Refuse to seat our incomplete party? Kick us out? Scoff at our ineptitude?No! (Although that's what I would have done were I in their position.) They just scolded us playfully, shoved some tables together, sat us down, and proceeded to serve us no-frills seafood that tasted so fresh we may have well been on the fishing boat, eating the fish off the hooks (after shoving them in a fire for awhile). I ordered the smoked salmon appetizer, which almost dissolved on my tongue immediately upon putting it in my mouth. It wasn't in the least chewy or stringy. I will never be able to eat the packaged kind from Whole Foods ever again.Apart from that, I picked off my friends' plates (I, tragically, wasn't that hungry because I had recently stuffed my face with banh mi, but I'd be damned if I wasn't going to eat as much seafood as possible anyway.) I think the best dish at the table was probably the sea scallop saute, which had a mildly lemony sauce that only thrust the scallops' buttery perfection forth. In a close second, the grilled sanddabs - I am embarrassed to admit this but I had no idea what sanddabs were until I put one in my mouth. I still don't, really. All I know is that they have a strong oceany taste, leaning towards a mackerel-y flavor, and delicious as hell grilled with fresh vegetables!Even a little plate of those tiny little baby shrimp, piled high in a tartar sauce, tasted good - and really, when do baby shrimp ever stand out?I read reviews of this place before I came and I was a little scared of what the service was going to be like (okay, full disclosure, I was EXCITED about what the service was going to be like, because rude service normally only amuses me at worst). But the service was fantastic! Seriously... this kind of restaurant has my favorite type of atmosphere. Helpful, outgoing, friendly people who treat you like family and accordingly tease you a little and hit you with a couple zingers. I don't need a waiter in a top hat to take my jacket, call me ma'am, and stand stiffly tableside awaiting my orders. I want a waitress who's going to yell "Hey, wake up!" to a guy who's not paying attention to her setting down his plate. I want an owner who's going to ask us if we're finished eating and then say, "Well, then gettouttahere!" as he walks away laughing. I was rewarded with both of these occurrences at Sotto Mare and couldn't have been happier. It felt like home.
This please seriously has the best cioppino I've ever had anywhere! The clam chowder was really good as well. If you come here on Friday or Saturday expect to wait at least 2 hours, and even then you're not guaranteed a table. (They're closed to the public on Sunday unless you have a group of 30 and you reserve ahead of time.) If you want to eat here the best thing to do is to make reservations at least a day in advanced because this place is pretty small and gets packed! The only reason I didn't give it a perfect 5 is because Gigi, the owner, was extremely rude to me when I tried to get a table during my second visit here. I didn't know I had to make reservations in advance or that there weren't any tables so when I tried to put my name down for 6, he rudely grunted, "6 what?!" Then yelled at me to leave because there were no tables and there wouldn't be anymore tables available for the rest of the night. RUDE! (This was at 5:00 pm on a Saturday). I understand the staff can get stressed because this restaurant is so popular but at least be nicer and/or start making signs for customers when there aren't anymore tables available so people aren't constantly walking in to try to put their names down.
When we turned up, the waitress apologised that there would be a short wait for a seat, and asked us if we wanted a glass of white or red wine. I had checked the wine list, so said we'd like two glasses of Chianti. "I said: white or red" reiterated the waitress, glaring. "Red," I said.Two glasses of fantastic house red - complimentary as a welcome and an apology for the wait - later, and we were seated at the bar looking through an authentic Italian seafood menu. This place smacks of Italian family and fish. Fish, everywhere, from shellfish to catch of the day. The cooks prepare it before your very eyes, and its fresh, fantastic, fish.The house wine was a great partner to the food, and the atmosphere made us feel not only welcome, but glad we walked eight blocks from the hotel to find this little gem.If you want obsequious waiting staff, don't come here. If you want fresh fish, great wine and an instantly lovable Italian atmosphere, it could just be for you.
Came here with my family with very high hopes after all the outstanding reviews. But I was really disappointed in the food. We ordered the cioppino, risotto, grilled sand dabs, and chef's pasta. All our dishes were over-salted. We all started to get a headache from all the saltiness and felt super thirsty afterwards. If they held back on the salt, I think I could give this place 4-5 stars. The portions are generous and they don't shy on the amount of seafood in each dish, but all the wonderful seafood taste was masked by the salt! All that sodium has to be bad for your health. And considering they don't have a dessert menu claiming some health reasons, I'd hope the rest of their dishes were prepared with the same health conscious purpose. Unfortunately not. Maybe the cooks that day were a little off, I'll give them the benefit of the doubt. I just hope everyone else isn't consuming this much salt in a meal and thinking it's normal. One good thing was service. We went for an early dinner, so service was very good. Our server was nice and sassy. Very accomodating and attentive. Dishes average around $20-$30.
My Italian friend brought me here because it was his favorite Italian seafood place and it was SO GOOD! The clam chowder is amazing and the chioppino is UNREAL. Totally enough to share with 2 or 3 people, or get something else and share both. The place is cute and the staff is very friendly. I can't wait to go back
Best Cioppino ! Such a cute intimate place.
Awesome cioppino like everyone else has already said, get it. You wont be disappointed. Comes in a pretty cool bowl that keeps it nice and warm. Enough for two. Wear the bib.Also, ask for the dessert menu. Pretty hilarious.
I stand corrected by @Mari F. The seafood is actually cooked together with the sauce and NOT from a pre-cooked seafood bag. Still, the seafood can be more fresh as in LIVE to get a better rating in my book.
Ditto on what other people say: this place was previously called Sotto Mare and is now called Gigi's, or G&G, or something. I took forever to find the place after walking up and down Green St.If there is one thing you must get, order the cioppino. I was a retard and got the chowder (best I've tasted in SF) instead since I wasn't hungry, but man, when I saw that huge silver bowl of seafood goodness I had a bad case of order envy. Someone else on my table ordered it and it was big enough to share among two, or even three. The seafood was fresh, (including the crab legs) and the broth smelled and tasted amazing. If only Yelp had a scratch and sniff option you'd know what I'm talking about!
You will not be disappointed! We ordered oysters on the half shell, clam chowder, and the crab cioppino! All were fresh and delicious. The cioppino was definitely enough for two and served a generous portion filled with squid, baby shrimp, clams, mussels, crab and penne pasta.
Sotto Mare is definitely one of my favorite restaurants in SFO. We had "The Best Damn Cioppino" and it was amazing! We loved the fact that we were able to sit outside with our dog...a little tight with two adults and two kids in high chairs but the food and service was great.
Very friendly staff, great service, and food was good as well. It's a very casual restaurant, good for a small get together with friends before North Beach Shenanigans!
I was disapointed with their service. I asked the waitress about their side salad and she was no help at all. End up ordering the side salad and it came out to be a huge piece of iceberg lettuce and four wedges of tomatoes. I was really disappointed especially when I had to pay $7 for it! I expected a restaurant like this to serve at least mixed greens. Anyways...we also orderd a cioppino because thats what everyone raves about. We ordered a side of noodles bc we didnt know there will be pasta inside the cioppino. Once again, the waitress failed. She could have told us there was pasta in the cioppino. Overall the cioppino was good but the service and everything else wasn't so good.
I was almost tempting to give one star...Just to have people give up on coming there on week-ends, so I can have a table available. Last time we went there, it was fully booked.To be honest... I first had a crush on the seafood pasta and fell in love with the sandbads. Since then, I have been in an amazing relationship with this place!Gigi and Luisa are sweet people. Do not expect anything else than good seafood and authentic atmosphere. It seems like you're visiting Italian friends when you go there. Owners share the same passion as most of us do: seafood, people and wine!
This. Place. Is. Awesome. The only places I can think of with better seafood for your buck is at Pismo Beach/Morro Bay. It's like they have Applebee's prices minus the Applebee's high frequency experiences of running into old high school classmates, which is painful 99% of the time. Take that, neighborhood! +I'm not an oyster-kinda-guy thanks to a night of sake bombs and having to swallow an oyster the size of my head. That's what she said. That particular oyster took me 3 swallows! TWSS. However, the oysters here were fresh, and I had no problem keeping them down. TWSS. ++The CIOPPINO? Sweet Jesus. This is what heaven is... if it were under the sea and mermaids had vaginae instead of fish tails. 5 stars for this alone. ~The risotto was a bit overdone. I like a little bite to the rice. Instead, it was cooked to a plain white rice's consistency. At least the scallops and shrimp included were spectacular, YES! +The clam chowder was very good. It wasn't Splash Cafe - but to be honest, what is? What can I say? I've been spoiled. +Our waiter and busgirl were extremely courteous - especially the old man. He reminded me of the peg-legged-armed dude on Family Guy, and he definitely had similar stories. The ambiance looks like your basic diner decked out with ocean paraphernalia. It's obviously not a place you bring a date to... unless you think you're getting some regardless - then this place would be perfect. Seafood is quite the aphrodisiac.Come. That's what she said. This mermaid had a vagina. Awesome.
Walked up without a reservation at 6:30pm on Friday night --- the restaurant was full and it was starting to get really busy. The manager/waitress gave us a glass of wine while we waited 20-25 minutes on the sidewalk. We were seated at the bar. The restaurant is nicer than I thought it'd be --- it is super casual and kitschy for sure --- but I expected plastic baskets and cutlery from the looks of the photos on yelp. The atmosphere feels like an old, authentic fish market. Service was attentive - drinks never went empty, plates promptly cleared, and the manager/waitress from earlier kept checking on us (and other tables) throughout. We ordered the crab louie, the cioppino, the seafood linguine (with butter/garlic rather than cream sauce) and peroni beer and house wines. All were amazing - featuring fresh seafood prepared how we'd hoped. The cioppino was better with each bite and had a beautiful, full flavored tomato broth. The seafood was mostly shell - I didn't see any actual fish - but that didn't bother me because I love crab, shrimp and scallops. Some of the smaller scallops were a little over cooked, but again, that didn't bother me. We were directed to a gelato place around the corner for dessert (Naia). All in all, a fantastic San Francisco/North Beach experience for seafood lovers. We highly recommend and will definitely be back!!!
This place is delicious. I am a huge seafood lover and this place satisfied my craving of crab. The Ciopinno was so amazing. I would recommend this place.
The food is terrific. It gets crowded on the weekends, but as a solo diner and weekly regular, they get me seated without too much of a wait. The owners are very friendly.
Best clam chowder I have ever had. Will be back here for some more seafood.I also learned that Mela is Apple in Italian.
Seafood Perfection. The shrimp and clams in my custom ordered fettucini Alfredo "with seafood" were utterly fresh and just just just done, not a microsecond too much. No rubber shrimp here folks. Just the freshest seafood tenderly handled. Awesome. My friend had the crab cioppino which should easily feed a family. A small seas worth of crustaceans. The same care and delicate treatment of the freshest ingredients. Sotto Mare is also casual quirky and friendly. A true neighborhood place. Grazie
Here yee, the previous reviews are spot one. I'm a YELP junkie of a sort and me and the g/f were headed to SF for a fun day and I wanted a great seafood place in North Beach. We arrived a little early (11:30) for lunch and sat at the bar. Read the reviews about the cioppino and had to get it. We also had heard that the sand dabs were great so we ordered those also. The dabs came first and were great. I huge helping of very tender, white fish. I'm not a big deep fired fish fan, but this was very nice. Thin crust and perfectly done. The cioppino was amazing. I huge portion - suitable for two - with a greta amount of seafood and a very nice tomato broth. Overall, just what we were looking for - authentic Italian seafood, generous servings, casual with helpful staff. A great find in a somewhat touristy area of SF.
5 star review for their crab Cioppino!!!! Not the most elegant place I've ever eaten at...and the staff are a bit on the salty side...but the cioppino is the BEST I've ever had. Plus, one order feeds two--unless you're out with a football player or something...Parking is difficult (standard North Beach) so be prepared.
You might have to wait. However, we were given free glasses of wine while we waited. The place is small. Try and go on an off day. On to the food: fantastic! Best cioppino I have ever eaten and it will feed 2 ($38). My wife and I also ordered prawns: fantastic! We will go back. I do not rate 5 stars often.
I loved this hidden little place. First off we (not being from the area) walked about ten miles trying to find a few places on our sightseeing list. We found ourselves tired, hungry, and badly in need of a drink when a very helpful police officer stopped and gave us directions to Soto Mare. When he was riding off he said - you're going to love it. He was right. It was around 1:30 when we got there and we didn't have to wait. We got a warm welcome, a big booth, and some bread within a few seconds of our arrival. The person waiting on us was incredibly helpful and answered all of the questions that made it very obvious that I wasn't a local. We ended up getting the sand dabs (mmmm!), a trout special that they had that day with a lemon butter sauce (still mmm, but not as great as the sand dabs), and a fantastic white house wine. When we were rested, warm, full, and buzzed they sent us on our way with directions to a nearby place for dessert. This restaurant was the epitome of San Francisco for me - delicious, friendly, and one of a kind.
amazing. Had a half dozen oysters and the seafood linguini. The food was so fresh I could swear that there is a dude in the back of the restaurant clubbing the fish to death right before they cook it. They don't have a dessert menu which is really a good thing. They give you time to walk off all that rockin seafood before you get your sweet tooth on.
Best Italian seafood I ever had! Place is tiny and busy but it is worth the wait. I recommend trying the Cioppino.
My husband and I only recently started coming here but it's our new favorite place. Anytime we are in SF we come in for a great plate of pasta and seafood. Fun, friendly atmosphere as well.
Super casual restaurant with great seafood. Order the chowder, and the sand dabs - it's a house specialty. The kitchy interior just adds to the vibe.
This was a must try for our recent visit to San Francisco, and it did not disappoint! We had the Crab Cioppinio and it was AMAZING!!!Also the special of the day was fresh mackerel, and Holy Mackerel was it GOOOOD!If I lived in the neighborhood, or even in the city, this would be one of my regular spots!! Thanks!
OMG OMG! It was THAT good! Last minute decision to come here for dinner and did not regret it at all.We ordered 1/2 dozen oysters on half shell, mussels, and the Seafood Cioppino!!!Oysters: YUMS! Fresh, not salty and no shell in the meat! I love it as is, no lemon or cocktail sauce!Mussels: Huge portion, sauce was perfect for dipping bread, mussels were huge and meaty! Yums!!!Seafood Cioppino: TO DIE FOR! Forget dipping bread in the mussel, DIP IT HERE!! Plenty of seafood, pasta was cooked to perfection! The sauce is tart but not too tart, good consistency. I seriously stop eating the pasta and seafood and was drinking the sauce......Hmmmmm....yummms...drooooooling!!!Service and Ambiance is cool!
A very long wait for two...yet they take reservations for three? Find a stranger then call ahead or you'll be waiting a long time. The food is excellent, the service is mediocre, and here we are: 4 stars. Enjoy!
This is a good seafood restaurant that reminds me of the Italian riviera. Grilled Sand Dabs are the BEST!VERY casual and friendly service.
I ate here and it was a horrible experience. I ended up getting the worst food poisoning I've ever had in my life. I ate the oysters and salmon and was very disappointed how sick I ended up getting. There are several other seafood restaurants in the city I've eaten at that don't get you sick. I would recommend any other seafood restaurant in the city besides this one.
It was kinda messy, eating the cioppino - we ate quickly because it tasted as good as people say. Bibs and paper towels necessary. We also had one of the specials, monkfish with vegetables, all very intensely flavored. The owner welcomed us at the door and kept and eye on everything, checking in with us to hear our flow of compliments. They dropped the check on us before we were ready - but given how busy the place is that's kind of understandable.
Oh Sotto Mare, how you tempt me with your array of seafood!We went to Sotto Mare the night of Halloween, and it was fantastic. My husband started off with the clam chowder (which had bacon in it, so I didn't eat it *sad trombone noise*) and ordered the fettuccine with seafood (baby scallops, shrimp, calamari, oh my!) and I ordered the fettuccine with smoked salmon. My dish was absolutely delicious. The smoked salmon was salty and rich and the Alfredo sauce was so creamy. It was quite rich though, and I couldn't finish it. My husband loved his seafood fettuccine, and we left Sotto Mare full and happy. I'd definitely go back and try more items.
I hate hype, sometimes I'll deliberate rag on something if everyone else likes it but this place was truly exceptional. The mussels, salmon pasta, sand dabs, cioppino were all memorable and I was definitely still talking about the food here a week latter. The emphasis on family sharing and the decor were fun little additions to the overall experience. The only thing that I thought would be worth considering is changing the bread to a crustier, not presliced version but this is simple nit picking. Sotto Mare certainly is a restaurant worth a return visit.
"No chicken, no beef, only fish and pasta!"I have that line seared into my brain as the owner/busker at Sotto Mare proclaimed it to everyone who walked in and/or looked at the menu. I was fine with that as I was lured to Sotto Mare with the promise of fresh fish. Overall the food was pretty good (my seafood pasta was overflowing with scallops, clams, mussels, calimari and shrimp) but service was severely lacking.We waited outside for a good 20 minutes without water or even a glance from our waitress - the owner was outside drinking and laughing it up with some friends though (I wonder where he got his beer?) She was quite apologetic when she did come out but it's hard to go back on that first impression. And then at the end of the night as soon as our plates were cleared she dropped the check - no mention of coffee or dessert which would have been nice considering the beautiful evening.It takes more than good food and reasonable prices to make a dining experience enjoyable. Considering the service (or lack thereof) we encountered on Saturday night I doubt I'll return.
Freaking AMAZING Cioppino! Price of admission the bill plus one shirt (wear the bib).
I have never eaten in the restaurant (I always order take out) and always get the same dish (seafood pasta), but I absolutely love the seafood pasta. It is $17, really reasonably priced for how large the portions are and how generous they are with the variety of seafood. The staff has also always been friendly when I order.
Although the ambiance in this place is average, the food is stellar and the prices are more than reasonable. Probably some of the freshest and best oysters I've ever had. The whole crab is a great appetizer to share with the table (it comes cold and precracked - very succulent and flavorful). If you like white sauce on your pasta you will be in heaven (keep in mind it's very heavy - I shared my linguine with seafood with my friend and we were both more than stuffed).MAKE A RESERVATION: this place fills up quickly and is relatively small.
In the perfect world, every neighborhood would have a restaurant like this. Sotto Mare is the epitome of everything I love about American Italian food. Fresh seafood, delicious pasta and risotto, and chianti by the carafe all at an affordable price. Unassuming and (sorry to use this well worn phrase) unpretentious. Fresh kumamotos at $2 a pop. The girlfriend had seafood risotto which was filled to the brim with immaculately fresh prawns, mussels, clams, calamari and fish. I had a delicious linguini pomodoro. Big restaurant conglomerates have spent millions of dollars trying to duplicate everything which comes so easily at Sotto Mare. Simple, delicious food, conviviality, and authenticity. This is the real deal.
Amazing seafood. The cioppino is the best in the city.
I ate at Sotto Mare earlier this year. It was by far the best Ciopino I have ever eaten. Two of us shared it and it was plenty to fill us up. I have recommended this place to many people since. I was surprised to find out a Portuguese family owns it and looking around seeing the cod fish all over like they do in Europe really made for a great European experience. .
This place is reasonable for the price and quality of the seafood. I ate a whole loaf of bread. Its good. The owner was funny. Very friendly guy. He kept trying to talk to us but I was hungry. I like talking but I prefer to EAT. I need to stay fit I meant fat. It was my first time eating sand dabs. It tastes very similar to filet of sole. The dabs were underseasoned. They needed some salt. The chowder is good if you like it thin. I like thicker chowder but the bread made up for it. I need to try the cioppino next time.
Wow, yelp got this one all wrong. I've been here twice and I can definitely state that both experiences were consistent. Overcooked seafood and questionable service. Let's start with the service: I get water and ask for lemon and ice. The man makes a snooty little remark about how I wanted ice with my water. Really old man? Iced water is a common offering at EVERY restaurant. Seriously quit trying to make me feel bad. Afterwards my friends and I awkwardly place our orders. The oysters were the first to come out, they tasted horrible. They were so briny I felt like I drank a bit of the ocean. Yuck. I will just go to Hog Island or Swan Oyster Depot next time. Within 10 mins we received our entrees. I got the Chef's linguine with red sauce both times, and both times the experiences were identical. The flavors were alright at best, but my scallops were cooked til they were inedible. I had to toss them out (both times). My rule is that I try hard not to dismiss any restaurant until I've tried it twice, because I understand that everyone has an off day once in a while. But this place messed it up twice.
Fabulous restaurant!!! good for family with kids. Price ($17-19 for seafood pasta) is reasonable with large portions. The oyster on a half shell were good, but I'd recommend the West Coast over East Coast oysters for $1.5 each, as opposed to $2.5 each. East Coast oysters supposedly are sweeter than West Coast oysters but I couldn't contrast the different flavors since I used lemon juice and cocktail sauce in it thus both oysters tasted similarly. The only different I recognized were the jagged shells for West Coast oysters and smooth shells for the East Coast oysters, and the price difference of $1 per oyster. All in all, I'd go back and recommend any seafood/pasta lover to go!!!
FRESH! FRESH! FRESH!The oysters here were soooo yummy. I could eat them all day. Tastes just like the sea but not fishy at all. I also had the smoked salmon with capers which was heavenly.This was one of the top spots I wanted to visit when I came to San Fran and it was WELL WORTH the walk from fisherman's wharf.
I really hate to assign a mere 2 stars to Sotto Mare, but seriously, I was less than impressed when I came here for the first time last night. To start, our waitress failed to recognize that my dining partner and I had been sitting at our table outside for over 20 minutes without water, without ever actively checking up on us.... so obviously we were also without our food. When the owner(?) checked up on us and we said we hadn't ordered yet, he proceeded to yell inside the restaurant to get our servers attention in half-English/half-Italian... it was aggressive and a bit intimidating. We finally got our food - I ordered the Sole which came out in 2 large fillets and a few pieces of zucchini, carrots and a single piece of squash. It was tasty, admittedly, but there was nothing special about it. Our bill came, and it was all reasonably priced for what we ordered, but when I excused myself to use the rest room, the owner(?) saw me step inside the door and said, "We're closed for the night!" I then replied, "Uhhhmmm.. I was just sitting outside and I need to use the rest room?" It then dawned on him that I was a paying patron, so he gave his approval for me to walk in and use their facilities. I highly doubt I'll choose to return here, for there are just too many other Italian options in this city that I'm confident would provide a much better experience.
Awesome place decorated with kitschy sports/sea-related paraphernalia. The owner is spunky and contagiously fun and plays oldies with audience participation portions when it gets late into the night.As for the food, I can't speak for the other dishes but the cioppino is *delicious*. The crab legs in there are amazing.
I was looking for a good authentic Italian place to eat with my gf. After doing some research, I came across Sotto Mare.. gotta love Yelp! I must say.. this was the best discovery!! My gf loves pasta and I love seafood. So this became the ideal spot to explore. Arriving at around 6 we were greeted warmly with open options to seat just before the dinner-rush. We sat at the bar facing the cook. The "BEST DAMN CRAB CIOPPINO" says it all!! Hands down!! We had that as our entree, a bowl of their "FLAVORFUL" clam chowder, and their prawn salad. I must say.. EVERYTHING WAS SOOOO GOOD!! The hospitality was great! Very homey and comforting! The Cioppino is my recommendation - HANDS DOWN! I would definitely go there again! I could say its a place for 5-star food with the casual and warm ambiance.
The nicest staff I have ever met! The seafood was fabulous and my pasta was fabulous! We were there for lunch and it was busy and they were still able to accommodate us. Another huge plus for me was that they are very kid friendly. I will definitely go back. This might be my new weekend lunch spot.
It's a good place. Good atmosphere. We asked how long they had been there, thinking it was like 30+ years. They have been there 5 years. It does feel very Italian and the Cioppino was very good. They were not that busy and the service was very good. I think the owner was sitting outside when we rolled up, he had passing conversation with the locals. Hey we are local too, no? Oh well.
horrible experience!!I My friend and I both love seafood + pasta, so we came to SOTTO MARE based on the excellent reviews on yelp. But this restaurant disappointed me!!!Firstly, the attitude of one of the waitresses is pretty rude, she did not seem welcoming when I fist went in to the restaurant, I asked for a table for two, but she gave me an attitude saying she only sees one people (my friend is parking her car outside), then she ignored me. Luckily, an older waitress came out and served us , the older waitress seems much nicer!We ordered clam linguine and seafood risotto. The food taste sooo good!The best taste of seafood pasta I have tried in my life, but then we both got stomach ache afterward. Although the food was good, but it made me suffer all night!! super disappointed! I would have loved this little restaurant if I didn't get the stomach ache....
Great, authentic Italian food. Make sure you're a seafood fan because you won't find any chicken or meat on the menu.
I don't do many reviews on Yelp, but do rely on my peers to let me know where to go. I've been traveling to San Francisco for 28 years, and often know the best restaurants in SF more so than my Bay Area friends. I Yelped SF for our one night stay here, focused on "oysters", and found Sotto Mare. What a treat. In the same vein as Anchor Oyster Bar and Swan Oyster Depot, but with a fuller menu and in North Beach (and these other two I've mentioned are truly SF legends). We had oysters (awesome), and their signature "BEST DAMN CRAB CIOPPINO", and it was absolutely the best. Service - great, atmosphere - great, food - to die for. Love it. Fun, fun, fun.
Service a little rough on the edges. Ciopinno and sand dabs were the highlights of the meal. Seafood risotto on the bland side, was missing some punch. Clam chowder was good but nothing life changing, which I wouldn't expect from clam chowder anyhow. Ultimately, one-time seems to be sufficient for now, especially when there are so many other seafood joints.
Short wait for a table for two on a friday night. Great customer service, loved the layout of the small place felt like i was in someones dining room. This is a very small space so this is not the place for an intinmate dining experience. My husband had the ciopino and I had the linguni with manilla clams. Everthing was outstanding, I even liked the bread that everyone seems to think is no good. Portion sizes are huge so you can definitely share. Cant wait to try the monk fish it looked delicious.
The best ciopinno and customer service. Portions are generous and prices reasonable for the qualify of food you get.  It deserves the high reviews.
Fresh. Started off with a cup of the excellent clam chowder ($4). Followed that with 6 oysters ($6) and ended with the Crab Cocktail ($10). My only complaints are cocktail sauce was served with the oysters instead of mignonette. And, maybe next time i'll ask for the sauce on the side of the crab cocktail (just a little too much in the dish). Nice, clean atmosphere with basically just a long counter (a la Swan). In fact, everything here reminds me of Swan, except you don't have to wait an hour to be seated (at least not yet)...Update: they do have mignonette, just ask for it (well, once in a while, but it really should be a staple) :)
Great dining experience...One hour wait was well worth it. Cioppino dish was amazing.
We were in SF for the night and we were looking for some good but relatively inexpensive seafood. We found Sotto Mare and it was absolutely everything we were looking for. The lead host runs a tight ship and luckily our whole party was present when we walked in. We were seated right away and our server was friendly, as a matter of fact, everyone was friendly. My husband and I split the ciopinno and it was amazing. I have ordered this dish from many other restaurants and ended up with only two crab legs and a few shrimp. This was literally FULL of clams, mussels, bay shrimp, regular shrimp, crab legs and knuckles, calamari and even mini scallops, I think. The sauce was thick and worthy of sopping up with the never ending basket of bread. We left full and happy!
Best chowder we have ever had. Wow! We walked in on a Friday evening at about four and was seated at the bar with no waiting. The menu is simple. They do what they do (seafood and pasta) and nothing else. This works great, because they do it very well. I had a cup of chowder and a half order of linguine with pesto. The portion descriptions are deceiving. A cup comes in at what I would call a bowl and a half order of pasta is what I would call a portion and change. What a value. picked up a pint of chowder to have for lunch the next day.
Wow...what a great discovery! I had the Sand Dab fish and they were outstanding!
If I could give this place zero stars I would. Two words: FOOD POISONING. I was out of commission for two days from the fish and oysters I ate here. Definitely not worth it.
I've been here a couple of times and have always liked it. I went with my new roommate a couple of weeks ago and we both got the linguine with clams, and a very notable thing about that was that they piled on the clams! Not stingy, almost too much. I went there again last night with a few friends and we sat at the counter behind the chefs and the grill/stove. Everything that they were making looked so yummy and made me want to try it all, even though I'm a very picky eater. I like that they make these big filets of fish, like they just took the head and tail off and split it in half and popped it on the grill, so you get a real half fish on your plate, and it's huge!The restaurant is nice and casual, has a family-owned feel to it, and is overall not too expensive.
One of the best eating experiences I've had.We went for lunch and ending up staying like an hour and a half. The house wine, man. It'll getcha.But anyways, the waitress was so cool. It felt like a friend's mom was serving us. She was really funny and down to earth, but also made fun of us a little & give us plenty of space to the point that it sorta felt like we had privacy.Ah, but the food. I had the Cioppino and it was tiiiiight. My boyfriend got scallop fettucini (he loved it) and clam chowder (he was mildly disappointed). We realized that we got way too much food, but like, whatever.The bread was also great! Oooh and the waitress put bibs on us! 5 stars!
The best seafood risotto outside of Italy!!!! My husband and I started with the wedged salad (wonderful blue cheese dressing) followed by the fresh crab meat cocktail (delicious) and the seafood risotto and linguine with clams, mussels, shrimp(unbelievable). The atmosphere in the small space is very relaxed and convivial. We were greeted by Luisa, a charming, warm woman who offered us a glass of wine while we waited for our table, our reservation was for 4, but our friends were delayed and did not make it. Our server, Betty, (Luisa's sister)was very helpful and friendly. This is a family restaurant and very, very busy. We did not have their famous ciouppino but saw another couple enjoying it. Looked scrumptious!!!
If it's familial, fresh and flavorful you're looking for with seafood as your platform, Sotto Mare is entirely worthy of visits over, over and OVER again.Crab Cioppino at Sotto Mare is EXCEPTIONAL. Phenomenal, really. The pasta at the bottom? Cooked JUST right.An enormously succulent whole cracked crab with every scoop? Unbelievable.Assorted seafood swimming in the most savory cioppino broth to blanket my mouth? Check.Oysters, oh the oysters! Chilled on a bed of crunchy ice, plucked fresh perhaps from the best of oyster trees, they swish lovingly in the way that only oysters can swish before the big gulp.I could eat here every day.
First time trying Cioppino - or as my better half likes to call it: "Chi-o-potto". We felt welcomed the instant we walked in. That's a big plus in my book! Got seated at the bar and started off with a couple of oysters. Delicious and fun to eat! In the midst of waiting for our sea-food feast, we were kindly asked to move over one seat in order to accommodate a large party and allow for enough space to walk through (the place is a bit cramped when it gets full). No big deal right? Well the lovely owner seemed to think it was and offered to comp our drinks for the "inconvenience". Gotta love that!Cioppino was delicious! I will be going back once the craving hits again. Definitely recommend for anyone who is trying this dish for the first time. You will not be disappointed!
Wonderful! Wonderful! Wonderful! The best mussels I have ever had! You wont be disappointed by the food and atmosphere here. Please go there - and have a wonderful time.Ask the story behind the catchers mitt seats.
Lively environment with great food!
Not much to add except yes, this place is good. LOTS of seafood in their Louie salad and their Cioppino is the bomb-diggity. (Yeah, I said it. Don't judge me.) They rock the mic with the amount of seafood included. I'm on a constant search for good Cioppino so was very happy to experience a bowl that's twice the size of my head featuring well-cooked seafood yumminess.I sat at the bar which had a great view of the kitchen. They kept cooking up this scallop alfredo (or some cream sauce) concoction that looked REALLY good. I don't ever really order cream sauces but I'd definitely go back with a cream sauce lover and snake a bite.
The bitchy lady who answered the phone couldn't even answer questions about when they are open around the holidays without a huge attitude problem. I'll gladly take my business elsewhere. Fail!
We researched and planned to come to here for lunch. We arrived at about 1230pm on Sat. We picked a bar seat which I thought was awesome. When we arrived, only 1 person was there but it became a full house withint 20 minutes. That said, we got a seat right away and served pretty fast. Of course, my husband and I got the ciopinno to share and as all other reviews have mentioned, it's loaded, fresh, delicious and could feed at least 4 !!! The only downfall was the bread only came with 3 pieces and it was harder bread. My husband had the good point that if you let it soak in the juice for a couple minutes, then its perfect. He was right- So, because we split the bread, I only got a piece and a half :) We also ordered the oysters. I wasn't too big of a fan. I like my oysters hot off the grill, with melted butter, lemon and garlic. The ones here are served chilled on ice, with cocktail sauce. To each is own though.Really was the best damn crab ciopinno!! I will be back!!
Only supposed to go in for a snack. Bowls of clam chowder to tie us over for an early dinner. Failed miserably! Feasted on the chowder AND split the scallops with fettucini. The buttery sauced, perfectly al dente pasta teemed with scallops and was more than enough for two. People around us kept ordering the crab. So we did, too! Half a crab, served chilled and fresh, not frozen. I'd put some crabmeat over my pasta, then dip some crabmeat in the cocktail sauce. Loved that there's a self-serve pitcher of water at the table. Highly recommended!
Saturday about 5ish..........no wait for a table............nice busy fishy decorated small long place.............one of there menus mentioned the fact that they dont serve desert..ie, please go here, here or here........or maybe, sitdown, eat, and you gotta go now.......the butter garlic flounder was OK, the salmon the same, and the clams n pasta, was...........yeah, just OK..........the best part was the clear crisp Hogarden............wont be back.......
This restaurant looks like a random hole in the wall from the outside, but the inside is bustling and cozy. We got there for an early dinner and chose to sit at the counter; I think this is a better choice so you can watch the chefs and feel like you're part of the action.The cioppino was worth the splurge! Yum yum yum! It's expensive, but when I saw how much seafood was packed into one pot, it all made sense. With a glass of the house wine, it made for a beautiful meal. It was way too much for one person, no doubt, and even after my dining partner had some, I sadly had to leave about a third of it in the turrine. And I was stuffed. I sampled the chowder and risotto and they were very good. But I was more than pleased with my choice. It was so much fun to crack the crab and wear the bib, I didn't need any more entertainment that evening!
Just like the menu advertised......BEST CRAB CIOPPINO EVER!!
Can't remember that last time we had cioppino this good and disheartened we did not find sooner! There are many good seafood restaurants in the city, but this one stands head & shoulders above the rest. Looking forward to our next visit!
Delicious and VERY fresh oysters. Love this place.
Having been here a few times, I wish I could come back every week. But I'm sure it would not be healthy for me. The owner reminds me of the owner at Marnee Thai--orders the staff around in a loud voice.It's a small place in a touristy area, with furniture like a 1950's diner, and wall-to-wall pictures and memorabilia. But, oh, it is such a gem. The cioppino was flavorful and made me want to lick the bowl clean. I've tried a few fish dishes there too, and it was tasty and fresh each time. The raw oyster starters are a great way to start the meal, if you're not squeamish about shellfish.The owner always reminds you that there is no dessert at Sotto Mare. I usually don't have room for dessert after a meal there, but it's even harder to find a nearby dessert place that can keep up the euphoric feeling I feel after leaving Sotto Mare anyway! By the way, can you tell that I love good Italian food?!
We went to Sotto Mare for dinner on the advice of our tour guide from a food walking tour of Mission. His review was spot on this place is amazing if you're looking for great fish in a family run restaurant this is the place to go.
Wonderful food! My husband and I visited on a honeymoon and we thoroughly enjoyed our visit.
it's 9 o'clock... way passed dinner time... bf and i were starving... with the help of yelp and an iphone, we found this little treasure in SF... staff was super friendly... family-owned cozy restaurant... pictures hung on the wall made you feel at home... food was fantastic! we started with oysters in the half shell and clam chowder... delish! and then the CIOPPINO! which was to die for... the flavors complimented the noodles very well... this is a must stop every time i'm in sf...
We decided to spend our last night in San Francisco at Sotto Mare. Gigi made it a night to remember. We loved the food and the people. We have been in SF for 4 nights and been treated like a "tourist" every night. Lighten up California. Your bankrupt! Start treating people from out of state with respect and maybe your state will recover. We will return to Sotto Mare next time we're here!
My search for good cioppino in the city is over. Thank you sotto mare! If you're not into shellfish, try the sand dab. That dish is delicious!
I like North Beach. I like it a lot. But only when it is old time North Beach. As in old Italian men being totally inappropriate and not giving a rat's turd about what they say or do...because they can. It gives me hope for what my future will be. I want to be one of those guys who yells at the local kids, "Get the HELL outta my yard!" This is why I like Sotto Mare. It is definitely old school North Beach. And the owner is old, inappropriate, and Italian. As soon as I walked up to the door, he yelled at me from the sidewalk, "What the Hell's yer problem? Yer late! They're watin' fer ya." Which was true. I just didn't know how he knew it. I sat down at a small table, and he immediately yelled at me again. 'Don't sit there. It'll mess with my guy walkin' by. Sit over there!" I moved. Because I was expecting to get slapped so hard my grand kids would be feeling it. He refrained from violence. We then ordered a bunch of food for the table. My girlfriend and her cousin love eating family style. Me? I hate it. When I go out, I want my own meal, not morsels off someone else's plate. Since the owner and I share the same shade of olive for our skin, he was a little flummoxed by the ladeez ordering methods. He proceeded to treat us like out of towners for the rest of the night. That ticked me off. Clearly we were not. It was then it dawned on me that this place is for North Beach regulars, not interlopers from other hoods. The food was excellent. They had baccala. Let me write that again...THEY HAD BACCALA. It was different than the baccala I am used to at Christmas, but I loved it anyway. It was in a tomato sauce and olive oil. Excellent. This is the one and only restaurant in the city that I have been to that serves baccala. The baccala was worth the trip all on its own. We also had the crab cioppino. It was very good. There was a generous helping of penne on the bottom. Also a variation I have never seen before. I did not eat much of the crab meat because I was wearing a suit and did not want to splash sauce all over myself. The rest of the seafood was excellent. The best dish we ordered was the seafood linguine. Delicious. A little sloppy but worth it. Be warned. The service is horrible. Don't expect much.  The owner kept yelling at the other old guy there..."Hey Callahan!" The two of them together have a combined age of 421. Not a service dream. If you can deal with them, you'll be fine. If you can't deal with them...well...go to the Wharf.
This place was amazing. I split a full crab and a cippino with a friend and we left more than full and more than satisfied. Honestly, the cippino was so good I didn't even know what to do... I just wanted it to keep going. The sauce- out of this world!! All of the fish was so fresh, it would be hard to compare anything to it. The crab too was delicious! So fresh and prepared wonderfully!I would definitely have to say that this is my favorite restaurant I have tried so far in North Beach. And, as a lover of pasta, I didn't even have pasta here- so that's how good it was. If you want fresh fish, Sotto mare is definitely worth every penny and bite!
Fantastic clam chowdah that is almost orgas###. Special sea bass had the right crust and crunchy texture with tender fish fillet, all with a garlic butter sauce. Delish! Gotta come back for the cioppino to share for two.
So far, Sotto Mare is the place with the best clam chowder I've tried in San Francisco and I've been up and down the wharf searching! Usually, I like my clam chowder in a bread bowl but the taste of the clam chowder makes up for the missing bread bowl. The chowder isn't overly creamy or salty like other places. There are huge chucks of clams and slices of potatoes. SO GOOD! Also, I tried the smoked salmon appetizer. Simply prepared with olive oil, capers and green onions. MELTS IN YOUR MOUTH! Super fresh salmon as if it was just caught. The service is super friendly and Gigi, the owner himself greets you very kindly when you come in. Beware: The location is very obscure, if you're not looking carefully you'll miss the place. The sign outside doesn't say SOTTO MARE!!! all flashy. I think it says Gigi's oysteria or something like that.
Soo great came here first thing when they opened the west coast raw oysters were delicious and fresh. The Ciioppino was just as amazing as everyone said I thought the seafood here was really fresh. I added Tabasco for some heat. Loved it!
Two words, RIDICULOUSLY good. We ordered the seafood cioppino and clam chowder with the house red wine. The cioppino was the best we've had out of all the other ones we've tried! The portion was huge, enough to share between 2 ppl, and the seafood was fresh and tasty, not to mention, the tomato base was YUMMY. The clam chowder was light and not too creamy, but very flavorful. Even the house wine was really good and complemented the dishes very well. The place was kind of crowded though, even at 4pm, so plan your time well. Overall, great place and great food that represents the essence of SF.
We were seated pretty promptly w/o a reservation. Brother found this place on Yelp by abusing the free internet @ the Apple store in downtown. Our out-of-town guests got a kick out of the old man's sense of humor and the kid helping out. They were really patient w/ us, especially since we had a toddler with us.Food was awesome. Everyone's pretty much covered that. I had the scallops, which were AWESOME (THE best dish and I ordered it...suckers!), but I wish I had just the clam chowder, which I siphoned off my brother. I had a taste of my cohorts' dishes and the seafood was also very very good. Pasta was cooked properly, too.I had to dock a star because of a couple of things, one of which was that our bill was inaccurate. I didn't find out about it until we left, but my brother didn't have it corrected because it worked in our favor, but still. All in all, I'd go again, but I'll stick to the clam chowder as my main dish and nibble off other people's plates.Veggie notes: You are screwed at this place. They don't even have dessert (not bad IMO, but you've been warned).
The hostess could not have been more rude! They were full but the wait staff looked like they were handling it fine. I was very patient. After 10 minutes of her walking back and forth past me literaly 10 times, I found time she was doing nothing and asked how long of a wait for 2? She literally put her palm in my face signaling "Don't talk to me" and never said a word. However, she had time to yell in my ear "I know you!" a few times to a pushy woman who came in 10 minutes after us shoving me out of the way. There is a lot of great food in San Francisco. No need to go here to be treated like this.
Their pan-fried sand dabs are super good.Raw oysters are also required.It's a not-fancy seafood place with the open kitchen so you can see the cooks frying up your feast.We dig it.Beer and wine, yes and yes. A couple of taps and a few wine choices that are just fine with the meal.
It's actually hard to find a good Italian restaurant in North Beach. It's mostly touristy stuff. But this place is great. Really good sand dabs and cioppino (so sweet and fresh). Very friendly service. But be warned, this place is small and crowed. It has the charm of a family owned "hole-in-the-wall" place which I like.
I don't understand the cioppino rave. It was fine, not terrible, not fantastic. There was a lot of crab in it, yes, but there wasn't any depth or complexity to the flavors at all. I added lemon and salt and that helped a lot. $27 for this? But we did share and we were full.And the house salad is a total rip-off. $6.50 for a mound of shredded iceberg lettuce with four, count em, slices of tomato and a tureen of high fructose corn syrup laden Thousand Island dressing.This place has gotten more expensive than it was a few months ago. But I remember outstanding clam chowder that wasn't exorbitant.
Great, fresh seafood! Fantastic!
The reviews of this place drew us in and we were super excited to have dinner here. We expected a wait which was hardly an issue. As soon as we arrived there was a small line ahead of us. The hostess ran over to the group to scold everyone to shut the door rudely and left without greeting anyone - she was not to be seen again for a few minutes. The people in line just looked at each other in disbelief. We were so off put by the hostess that we left (and so did the other people in line who experienced the rudeness).
I went to try the cioppino because the claim it "is the best damn cioppino". It is not. Not by a long shot.They charge $30+ and you could do better with a jar of ragu sauce and a bag of crab shells.The server was nice but when I was asked how it was I was polite but honest, it was clear that they did not want to know. I wish they had not asked because I lift feeling bad about giving them by business. Keep looking you can easily do better than this place.
i came here on a wed. afternoon and the place was pretty empty. i sat at the bar ordered clam chowder, half dozen west coast oysters and an anchor steam.creamy clam chowder ( which i prefer to swan oyster depot) was quite delicious. nice chunks of clam with fresh cut bread.the west coast oysters were delicious. i had to order another half dozen after the first 6 went down so smoothe. anchor steam was a great companion on this dining expereience. would be back, and this will be my go to oyster stop in SF
I typically avoid Little Italy because of mediocre tourist traps. Sotto Mare is the real deal, though. Great chowder and delicious oyster shooters. The stand-outs are the grilled sand dabs and the cioppino. Parking in this area is obviously a no-go on the weekends, so plan accordingly. Service is friendly and accommodating. A definite visit if you are in the SF area!
Well this place doesn't need much help from me so I'll try to keep this quick: My roommate and I had a kick ass dinner here, from start to finish. We walked in with no resos and had to wait about 15 minutes, no problem when you're sipping complimentary wine while waiting!We sat at the counter seating, and proceeded to order a feast, with a liter of wine on the side. Oysters, crab, chowder, and the chef's special linguine. There was so much seafood in the pasta that we were laughing out loud at the portions! I stole a glance of another patron's dinner, the seared scallops, and again was shocked by the portions. For 19 bucks they give you close to a dozen seared diver scallops! I happen to work at a seafood restaurant elsewhere and can tell you that kind of portion is unheard of. They also looked delicious. The atmosphere is fun, loud, busy, just a classic old school neighborhood restaurant. I can't believe Ive been in the hood a year and waited this long to check it out!
Holy wait time, Batman! We were lucky enough to arrive with only two parties in front of us on a Friday night, but still managed to wait a total of 45 minutes or more before actually ordering. One of the waitresses was kind enough to offer everyone waiting in line a half glass of chianti though! Major points for free alcohol and great hospitality. It is a small restaurant, so try to get a reservation if possible. The line only grew over the course of our meal!Of course the place was packed, as I expected, so I took the time to admire the layout and decor. The walls are adorned with fishing nostalgia and the open air kitchen spreads scents of fresh seafood for blocks around. While waiting in line, a man grabbed a fresh catch from an ice chest that was sitting right in front of us that was about to become dinner. That's fresh seafood.We started with a half dozen west coast oysters on the half shell. They were probably the best oysters I've had and were definitely more fresh than anything I've ever gotten from the market. They were very fresh tasting, not gooey at all. She ordered the risotto while I dove sourdough first into a pot of their infamous cioppino. Both dishes were excellent, although I prefer my cioppino with more stock (and more wine, for that matter). The risotto was cooked perfectly as well.One thing that this place definitely gives you is value. I mean, the prices are definitely more than reasonable and they live up to their reputation as a seafood joint by giving you what you came for...SEAFOOD. And lots of it! I loved the service here. No ass kissing here, just real, down to Earth service with an occassional wisecrack. If you're looking to chow down on some fresh, Italian inspired seafood, Sotto Mare is your jam.
RUDE!!!!I called to make reservations and the lady that answered the phone yelled at me and told me "what do you want I am really busy!" what a turn off! I will not be dining at this establishment.
My brother came into San Francisco last night for a rare visit, and, based on the recommendation of a friend (I'm looking at you, Frankie), I took him to Sotto Mare. NEVER AGAIN. Let me explain: we had a 7:30 reservation for a Saturday night, and when we got there, the place was hopping. We got there on time, but they didn't have our table ready, which was fine. We had some wine and chatted on the sidewalk, and got seated at 7:50. (You'll see why the times matter.) Service was prompt and friendly; we had wine, appetizers, entrees, all very generously sized. The seafood was good -- nothing special; just good. When the entree plates were cleared, they presented the bill -- no dessert menu or coffee offering, which again was fine. Maybe that's not their thing. So we pay (quite a bit, and with a healthy sized tip, because the waitress was great), and I swear to you we did not dawdle. Five (5) minutes after the waitress returned our credit card, an older Italian woman who was either the owner or the manager appeared at our table and said (I swear I'm not making this up), "Hey - I have all of these people waiting to eat -- you have to leave." That was 9:10 PM. I was as surprised as I've ever been. I'm not one of those people who spends half the night chatting after the bill's been paid, and I'm sure we would have left within minutes anyway -- but I have never, ever been told by the manager that I had to leave within 5 minutes of finishing our business. And I don't think that spending 80 minutes on a dinner meal, from seating time to departure time, is doing anything at a slow or dawdling pace. I was instantly very sorry that I had chosen to go to Sotto Mare, and I will never make that mistake again. It's too late for me, but I can save one innocent person from having this kind of dining experience, then it was worth it. So if you're thinking of Sotto Mare, think twice. You can do better.
Holy cioppino this place is awesome. Upon first impression looking into the place I was thinking it wasn't worth the wait. Kind of cramped looking. I admit I was wrong. It was about a 30 min wait and it was easy because they give you a buzzer and you can go to the bar next door and get some drinks while you wait. We got the clam chowder which was a classic white that was perfectly executed. The cioppino is their flag ship dish which is one of the greatest seafood experiences I have had. I have had a couple daydreams about it since going there 3 days ago. It is phenomenal. Had some oysters too and they were good. Not much to oysters. The service was great and the lady running the place felt like family. I am a service member and she was greatly appreciative. She gave my wife and I a hug on the way out the door. Genuinely good people and great food.
Let's run down this list quick...We came at a good time on a Saturday afternoon because it wasn't as packed (as I read it could get at times). The lady who served us was alright because she was neither terrible or perfect. Which was fine with us because as long as someone doesn't completely ignore us or makes us hate the place then it's fine that they are not exemplary. The food here...my goodness! The seafood is super fresh and tasty. All we got was seafood and it was perfect. I ordered the west coast oysters and I was so happy with it. The oysters were super delicious and fresh (that is the key to having a really good oyster experience...freshness). They were really reasonably priced too (1.50 per oyster) which definitely beats some of the oyster places in SF. We were provided with a good amount of lemons and some amazing cocktail sauce. Along with the oysters we ordered some clam chowder (CHOWDA...mmmmm) and it was just chowder just how I remember SF clam chowder to be. Granted it's not the best tasting chowder as I've experienced in Seattle but pretty satisfying. Our group also ordered the crab cioppino...which was titled on the menu as "the BEST DAMN crab cioppino". I have to admit they hit it on the nose, because that cioppino was so incredibly sinful. It truly was the BEST DAMN crab cioppino I've ever had and definitely worth $33.00 since it fed all 5 of us.PS. I heard since it gets packed here for dinner they offer you free wine while you wait...might have to go back for dinner sometime soon :)
On a foggy, blustery Thursday evening, my bf and I braved the San Francisco summer night to see what all the fuss was about this seafood joint, not knowing what to expect. All the Yelp reviews could not have prepared us for what was in store for us...This ain't your fancy seafood restaurant; I'd refer to it more as a down-to-earth fish joint. The good news is that "this place really knows their fish." Direct quote from the bf. The bad news is that this place only knows fish, meaning that you should expect a ton of fish on a huge plate, very simply prepared, and with a smattering of asparagus and delicious beets. There really is nothing fancy with the fish, but I discovered they have some sort of secret that just makes everything melt in your mouth. I got the fried sanddabs, which didn't look like much on the plate, so there was some initial disappointment.WOW was I in for a treat!!! This was the absolute best fried fish I have ever had in my life. What was even more fun was that I got to see the cooks make it since I had prime seating overlooking the grill. I got to see them dip the fish in flour, season with salt and pepper, and throw those babies on the grill. They were moist, citrusy (due to the accompanying squeeze of lemon), and a little bit crunchy at the same time. There must have been what seemed like an endless supply of the flat fish, so you must come hungry when eating here. Realistically, there were maybe 10 substantial pieces of fish all told, and the golden beats and asparagus, though simple, added the perfect touch to the whole dish. The bf had the special fish of the day - halibut, and had it prepared with lemon, butter, and capers. His dish was pretty good, too, yet I'd recommend the sanddabs over the halibut. Deeee-licious!A couple thoughts: though this is officially an "oysteria" as the sign says outside, the oysters here were only so-so, and not worth the $2.50 per oyster that you have to put down (and that's only for the west coast oysters. The east coast oysters will set you back $3.50 per). Our fish dishes were $19 each, so in this economy I can't really be making frequent trips here. However, Sotto Mare is a place that I would recommend for everyone to visit at least once in their lifetime.
Gigi's AKA Sotto Mare AKA The Fish Market AKA La Oysteria. I don't know, the new signage is just as confusing as the old, with several names to choose from. Whatever you want to call it, the place is a gem.One HUGE caveat here - Make sure Gigi is working before you go. One of my favorite places, have been here dozens of times and everyone is super friendly. But if the Asian guy is working the door, just turn around. Told us it was going to be a "long time" to get seated. When we asked him to elaborate, he said "really long time". He was pushing for us to sit at the bar, which we didn't want to do. Pressed him for a time and he said half an hour. Love this place and really wanted to take my out of town friend, so I said that was fine. He let us wait there 25 minutes before he said that it was too busy for him to seat two people at one of the tables. We could sit at the bar or nothing. What an asshole.Left pissed and vowed never to return. Well...OK, so that lasted two days and I was back. Most of the seafood is fantastic. The Sand Dabs are off the hook. It's just a goofy, fun place. They will get their other two stars back in my mind when they get rid of the stiff. There really is no excuse for that kind of behavior, especially in today's ultra competitive service environment. The good news is, Gigi is almost always there.
Last couple seated last Saturday, about 8:50 pm. Love the energy. Lots of laughter and singing In the air. Informal and not pretentious - just the opposite of being turned away from Zuppa the same evening using a Groupon coupon. Helpings at Sotto were very generous. Had the seafood pasta and my wife had the sauted scallops. I had chunky seafood morsels up till my last slurp of my pasta drippings. Scallops were cooked to perfection. Gigi, the owner,remembered our names on our way out, gave us hugs and kisses and directed us to dessert at stellas around the corner. She also gave us the inside scoop to avoid the long lines in the future. I thoroughly enjoyed our evening and can't wait to go back again.
The fact that places like this still exist reminds me why I love San Francisco. Gigi's Sotto Mare is on my favorite block in North Beach, Green Street between Columbus and Grant. Densely situated amongst several old restaurants and bars, and looking like nothing has changed in many-a-decade, this block is full of exciting enticements. Gigi's is either family run or seems that way. The maitre'de was loud and brash, like a stereotypical New Yorker, and the back and forth quarreling with a particular waitress was like that of an old married couple. As several people waited by the door for a table, he shuffled us around to different locations, keeping our glasses full of red wine poured from a bottle which he left out. We were told the wait would be "too long" and when pressed, "an hour". After about 10 minutes, we were sitting at the counter eating fresh bread and olive oil. We ordered sand dabs and sea scallops, both prepared perfectly with lots of love and a side of sauteed veggies. The atmosphere was funky, with wall space fully occupied by life-sized fake fish, old photos, and way too many kitschy things to describe. The stereo blasted Gypsy Kings and everyone at the counter seemed to revel and dance with wine glasses in hand. Whether or not this suits your definition of a romantic dinner, it was definitely a fun and delicious way to celebrate Valentine's Day.
This place was everything good that all the Yelpers were talking about and then some!It was love at first sight for my BF and I when we went here Friday night. This restaurant was extremely friendly and gracious. We felt like we were right at home.Since the place is pretty small, we had a few minutes to kill. An older gentleman at the counter(also the owner of the restaurant) gave us each a complimentary glass of wine, and kept us company while we waited. The entire staff was really awesome, and they all knew the menu by heart. It was by far my favorite restaurant on our trip.Our meals were a good portion, and the seafood was realy fresh. I wasn't able to finish my entire meal which was surprising for me, but nevertheless I was quite stuffed and extremely satisfied.I will not only recommend this place to everyone that I know that will visit SF, but I can't wait to come back again!
Although this is my first time to eat Italian food, my friend and I really like their sauce for pasta and west oyster. And they offer so many seasoning on the table, like extra virgin olive oil, and salt, which I really need them. We definitely will go back.
We specifically visited this place because of the high praises on Yelp but I wasn't very impressed. The owner is loud and rude but he's friendly. I had the linguine with smoked salmon, had a good flavor but the fish was very salty. Also it's a small place so make reservations if you go.In the sea of Italian/seafood eateries in San Fran and the north beach area this place is only mediocre at best.
Gigi is a character. Armed with dirty plates and quick wit, he's virtually a one man show. He is both interesting and exasperating to watch. From the nearly 2 hours we sat at one of the 2 front tables, I would say he knew half of the people who walked by, and jested with nearly all of them. Sure, our service was overall very confusing, as if we accidentally wandered backstage in a circus show. Yet, we enjoyed watching the spectacle, intrigued and sometimes charmed by the North Beach scene, which on that little corner, Sotto Mare, as well as Gigi, appear to be a solid fixture. When we saw faux sea creatures crowding the walls, a freezer near the entrance, yet a line out the door, we knew to roll with the punches.  The food was tasty enough. The oysters were relatively a good price, although dubiously divided into "East Coast" and "West Coast". The pesto pasta was surprising good and so was the monk fish - very tender and juicy, although breaded, which was unexpected.Sotto Mare feels like a little eatery in Hell's Kitchen or Williamsburg.  It's tawdry charisma and reasonable prices make it worth a visit.
Although I don't eat seafood, my husband does, and in large quantities. He claims this place has the best seafood he's ever had. Everyone he's taken here seems to agree. I'd be giving 5 stars regardless for the helpful, warm, delightful staff. Based on the strong positive reactions everyone we know has had, I'm guessing the food warrants the 5 stars as well.
Amazing. Must go for the Linguine with Seafood. This is a MUST in SF!
Casual crowded ambiance. Fast attentive service from everyone from busboys to waitstaff. Terrific fresh oysters, Huge salads, signature seafood stew packed with all sorts of shellfish in a nice tomato based broth. No coffee or desserts- but local suggestions for same. Real family owned ambiance- filled with locals not tourists. Could be 4 star food and 3 star for ambiance-depends on your mood
If I was in North Beach, I might come here again, but I don't know if I'd make the drive from across the bay just to come here again. The owner, the ambiance, cute. Food, fresh. Didn't try the cioppino, should've. Had the chowder, 6 oysters each, and steamed clams. I love my food salty... but I'm shocked to say: TOO MUCH. I've had better everything; better chowder, though the clams in it were delish... just the chowder was toooo salty.. The brine from the oysters was waaaaay too salty.. I'm not sure how they did it at my other place, but here, the brine overpowered my oyster. And the "marinara" was ketchup. The "broth" that my clams were cooked had been reduced down, I guess due to the cooking time... and the number one spice in the broth was once again, SALT. But hey, I'm a trooper and everything was so fresh, that I kept eating, as well as refilling my water glass... and then I was down to 2 clams... which somehow didn't get opened in the steaming process or before the process.... and I don't let seafood go to waste.. so I opened one.....IT WAS FILLED WITH MUD. Being somewhat disgusted, and ignorant of the cooking process of it, I just let it go; I placed it on one of the empty dishes, and the server walked by, and saw it.... Same disgusted face on him. He immediately calls the cook over and tells him, though the cook had no response other than a shrug. My server opens up the other un opened clam, and theres no mud.. but no clam either, just another piece of shell... so he offers us 2 free oysters. I accept, because it's not his fault. I'm still not sure if anyone was at fault, maybe the cook. Everyone was helpful and nice, and I don't ever want to be one of the crazy freaks that goes off on servers, so I just said it happens, paid my bill, and left. I'm not saying don't go.. I'm saying this is what happened. If you want quality though, and are willing to pay a little more.. check out Maritime East in Berkeley. I had no mud there.
Sorry Boston boys, but Italians are so much more fun. We were warmly welcomed to Sotto Mare by Gigi himself, who poured us a delightful Cab (free of charge) while we waited for a seat at the counter. The atmosphere is cozy and kitschy in the best possible way. Having been meaning to try it for quite some time, we went to town.-Oysters: couldn't have been fresher-Clam Chowder: amazing. Rich without being heavy-Sand dabs: very good (loved the veggies that accompanied)-Scallops: great flavor but a bit overcooked for my tasteThe quality of the seafood combined with the warm, friendly service and reasonable prices makes Sotto Mare a home run for me. I look forward to many more trips. Dying to try the cioppino!
The seafood is fresh and delicious (hence, the 4 stars). The service, however, is not my cup of tea and frankly, will likely stop me from recommending this place to friends.We started with the fresh oysters (go with Tomales Bay and skip the east coast oysters) and the baccala (mixed with tomato paste, olive oil and capers). Both apps were delicious. Next, we shared the crab cioppino, the seafood fettucine and the clam chowder. Everything was very good, but the fettucine was probably my fave out of the 3. Now, we were supposed to get the clam steamers, but instead we got an oyster shooter -- maybe they sound similar, but I guess I should have enunciated more clearly. It was fine, since we were stuffed (portions are large), but I'd recommend being very clear with your order.Regarding the general state of the service -- I felt very rushed in the beginning of our meal in ordering, but then it seriously lagged when we were trying to pay. I also didn't enjoy what some might call joking around with first-time customers and what I might call being rude. No, I am not from Hawaii -- now, should I take that as a comment on my ethnicity or the fact that you were trying to make a joke about me being slow in making a decision in ordering? Or am I missing the point here because when you tell me to "pay and get the hell out of here," I see you are trying to be "funny" but after incident after incident of "joking" with me, I really did want to leave. And not come back.That said, the food is very good -- if you can put up with the service, you should give it a shot. Or maybe just get your order to go.
You love seafood....You love Italian..... You love a neighborhood joint in North Beach........This is your place.Keep in mind, .....as the owner reminded me "no pizzas and lasagna type stuff.... strictly seafood."Great oysters from both coasts that are high quality and priced moderately.Cioppino was enormous and excellent, seafood risotto was perfect and those crazy sand dabs were freak'n great.The owners are super nice and you feel like you're dinning in the home of a slightly kooky, high charged and loving family. Not the typical North Beach experience.Sit back and soak in the action packed and very entertaining atmosphere.
Checked this place out with my VA out-of-towners on Saturday and boy, were we in for a surprise. I was late and while walking in swinging my head left and right searching for the Virginians, I was distracted by a belligerent drunk elderly man at the doorway. At first, I thought he was a drunk customer on his way out, so I didn't pay much attention to him. After finding my friends and having the seat facing the door, I, along with my party of 4 got to have a brief funny show. We were stunned while watching same belligerent drunk guy flipping off a woman after she had done that to him. The man then stumbled to our table and told us that he will buy us the second bottle of wine. So we concluded that he is some how part of the restaurant management. And we all just chuckled and made our orders.We had Seafood Linguine with red sauce, garlic butter San Dabs, lemon caper Sea Bass, Baby Scallop Linguine with white sauce, and of course, a bottle of Chianti. We were all very happy with the food and wine.Food: Overall, we were very happy with the fresh, well-seasoned/cooked food, but the bread sucks. Ambiance: This restaurant is too cramped for comfort, but having great company helps distract from that problem. The best way to describe it is that it's a divey place with decent clean men's room (according to my hubby).Service: We were ignored for the first 7 minutes while we were there, just gave us a pitcher of water, but no glasses for it. Our female server did not seem to know how to smile. Food came out rather quickly. Price: Good deal.On our way out we saw a group of people whom we assumed are other part of the restaurant management team, behind the counter, next to the window getting their booze on. I think the management team might benefit from the AA group. Ahhhh...yeah, you guessed it, we never received our free 2nd bottle. We can't expect a drunk to keep his word anyway. It's a-ok, as we were off to a local bar after dinner.
awesome awesome place.. was here in 2012 and so looking forward to another visit this year!!! counting down the days!!! if U r in San Fran.. a must for 1 meal!!
I've dined at Sotto Mare several times and am never let down by the food. The cioppino (my favorite meal ever) is always amazing, and the grilled fish of the day is delicious...especially with the tomato caper sauce.Luisa is quite a character and has always offered us a glass of wine while we waited for a table (must remember to make a reservation next time!). However, she definitely aims to get people in and out the door quickly, once they've finished their meal, so she can come off as a bit brusque. But don't let that deter you. You're in for a treat with the food here, and the experience is somewhat like a cross between My Big Fat Greek Wedding and Lady and the Tramp. True story: one evening at Sotto Mare culminated in the whole restaurant dancing in the (tiny) aisles while Luisa banged on a tambourine and they shared cake (normally don't serve dessert here!) with the patrons. Kind of awesome.
What a great little spot in North Beach. I went there with a couple friends Saturday night. We had 6:30 reservations, and they seated us right away. I'm glad we had the reservations, because there was a line out the door, and now I know why. We started off with a crab salad, which came with a boat load of crab, loved it. My girlfriend and I shared the Cioppino, it was great just like most everyone says. A lot of crab, scallops, mussels, clams, and some pasta on the bottom, I'm glad I got the bib, I needed it. The place is pretty small, just a half dozen tables or so, plus a lot of bar seating, lively and busy. I highly recommend this place if you are in North Beach. And just like everyone said, the bread sucked. Why can't they get great bread? They are in SF. I just might bring my own bread next time. HAHA
We went here pre-wicked theatre show and it was delicious. We walked in and was right away greeted by GIGI himself (a man) who showed us the fresh case of fresh fish they had that day in the ice case and proceeded to tell us what fish was what, etc. service and environment is very nice and clean! I had the cioppino-came in this fancy metal pot with lid and ladle- the soup was nice and thick with hearty chunks of tomatoes and all kinds of the seafood you can imagine-crab legs, mussels, clams, calamari, scallop, fish. This was enough for almost two people, I was sick so I couldnt finish it all myself. My bf had some fish that started with a k- it was panfried with a nice garlic drizzle came with a side of veggies-it was so fresh and light and yummy. We were in a rush so next time we will go back for oysters, and perhaps the mussels in broth-my fav!
Found this place thanks to fellow yelpers and was not disappointed.  This was by far one of the best seafood meals I have ever had, maybe even the best.  I had the cioppino and was blown away with the flavor and size of the dish, it really is enough for 2 and I eat a good amount.  The seafood was super fresh and not overcooked and the sauce was phenomenal.  I would bathe in the sauce if I could.  My friends had the risotto which was considered by them to be very good and the sand dabs which was also considered to be very good. I will say that the wait service was pretty poor and there were times we where waiting for drinks or water but the food was so amazing that it made up for this fault and then some. The price is super affordable for the quality and size of the dishes and I will come back here very soon.
We may just have come on a bad day, but we were very disappointed with Sotto Mare. We came on a Saturday afternoon after wandering around Little Italy since we don't come up there that often. We came in and the place was empty. We walked in and sat down, looked at the menu, and waited for about 5 minutes before the server came to see us. I'm not sure what kind of people they are used to serving, but the disgruntled attitude that he gave us was not appreciated. We ordered one dish between the two of us since we weren't that hungry, and again, he gave us a not so nice look and put our order in. Even with the place empty, it took them 15 minutes to make our dish and bring it out to us.The food, a white fish in cream sauce, was good and the quality was fantastic. The price was a little high for what we got, but we enjoyed it anyways. Overall, not a bad place, but we will have to go again to see if it was a bad day or just a normal day.....Pros: Good location. I like the decorations and feel of the restaurant. Good foodCons: The server with a stick up his butt. The price was a little high. Slow food.
Loved this place, its charm, and the hospitality of all who worked there! My wife suggested we try the place after reading a number of reviews, non of which were Yelp-based. We really liked it! We had the Cioppino, the Sand Dabs, the Chowder, and a salad. All were good, and I look forward to our return. After we dined there, my better half showed me one of the reviews that said this place has only been open for 4+ years. That was surprising. With the way that things are crammed in this small space, I would have guessed 25 years. The owner has clearly done a good job with giving it that established and lived-in feel. Or maybe I'm easily deceived...Either way, it was a very enjoyable dining experience. Check it out.
Wonderful seafood meal!!! In town for a conference and had a chance to eat here. Highly recommend! My lobster ravioli was superb and the hubby relished the cioppino (seafood stew). Waitstaff was so very wonderful. Will return again soon!
Unbelievable. Small place so expect a wait but it is worth it. They claim to have the best cioppino and I think they do. Had appetizers (clams and smoked salmon) and that was delicious and as fresh as I have had. Will definitely make this a regular stop every time I come to SF. Been all over the US and this is at the top of my seafood list.
Thank you fellow Yelpers. You didn't steer me wrong. I had out-of-town guests and wanted a good North Beach experience. I live in the East Bay, and hadn't eaten in North Beach in several years. This small restaurant was perfect. The three of us shared a big pot of cioppino and a platter of sand dabs. They were the best sand dabs I have ever eaten. The friendly ambiance and informal atmosphere are delightful. Make a reservation to ensure a table (I did); a line was formed at the door when we left.
I was so surprised by Sotto Mare! The place is extremely small but redeems itself with its eclectic pictures and mementos. I thought the food would reflect the atmosphere, but everything that we ordered was fresh and not greasy. I especailly loved the sand dabbs and the cioppino, but both are huge, so if you are looking for a small meal, split them with someone else. The waiters were helpful, and the restaurant is in the heart of North Beach via a sidestreet. Although with the limited dining space, Sotto Mare is one of the best seafood restaurants around.
Was in town with the wife and met up with a friend. We enjoyed a wonderful time at Sotto Mare. The cioppino was delicious, just the smell of the crab and various seafood coming out of the pot prove that the seafood were fresh. The linguine with salmon was another delicacy at this small and popular place. The service was emmaculant as they truly believe in what they server. Advised to have the linguine first and leave the ciopinno in the pot. Do not mix the flavor to strictly enjoy both different plates as its own.. great advice...The clam chowder is as it was from Boston itself...
Make a reservation! Came in around 8PM with a party of 3 and had to wait quite a while until we could finally chow down. We didn't keep track of how long we waited because we got distracted with the free wine while in line (oo it rhymes!) and before we knew it, a table opened up.This place is packed with people laughing loudly and grinning from ear to ear. I think this place is family fun and everyone is super friendly. I highly recommend the West Coast (gotta represent Cali) oysters and Barrata for appetizers. The oysters are sooo good...even better than expensive ones I've had at fancy restaurants. Don't be like me and forget how spicy horseradish is. I put 1/2 a penny size on my oyster and it was literally an explosion in my head. Although it hurt, it was actually kind of fun... Anyway, the Barrata is good on its own if you don't want to eat extra bread, which brings me to the only thing I didn't like about this place...the bread. Being an Italian restaurant serving top notch food, I expected hot and fresh bread. Their bread comes out room temperature and on its own just doesn't have the oomph you'd expect it to have. On to the entrees...Fettucine with Seafood in PINK SAUCE. So much seafood for $17! The Cioppino comes in a huge pot and again, they aren't stingy at all with the seafood. We couldn't finish it and had lots of crab legs to take home. I prefer toasty bread with my Cioppino but they serve it with some penne in the stew instead. Not bad, but not what I prefer.
Something about this place reminded me of the classic movie Pinocchio... I'm not sure exactly what, but it was cute, fun, and I liked it. I had the clam chowder and shared the "best damn crab cioppino" with a couple girlfriends. I could have lived without the clam chowder, but the cioppino was really delicious! I don't have much of a base of comparison since I don't think I've really had cioppino before, but it tasted great to me! All of the fish and seafood was super fresh, and the sauce was great to enjoy with the penne pasta in the pot, or with the bread served. The cioppino is more than enough to share with 3 or maybe even 4 people. I'm not sure I'd go out of my way to North Beach again to eat here, but if you're in the area, definitely a good place to check out for lunch since there probably won't be a wait.
The best clam chowder I've ever had that I didn't make and that's saying a lot because I try clam chowder wherever I go and am extremely particular. The clams are melt in your mouth tender, not a single grain of salt, the broth was perfectly seasoned- not too thick, not too thin. Pure genius- this clam chowder.The cioppino is also very, very good. Chock full of crab, muscles, clams, shrimp and even a little bit of pasta on the bottom. One order if definitely enough for 2-3 people depending on what else you want to order.A+++ would eat again.
I'll keep this short. Go there early as you can. Order yourself a cioppino. Eat. Be happy. Chat with the owner lady (she's really nice) Get your check and give a nice tip.Man, I want some cioppino right now...
Solid, old-school N. Beach fare. I had a halibut special, my buddy had the risotto and both were delicious. Service was friendly, fast, and no-frills; all-in-all a satisfying and down to earth dining experience. I'll be going back to try the cioppino.
I've been here twice and had great food both times. Tonight I started with their clam chowder, which was rich, creamy and delightful. When you dip your spoon into the chowder and pull it out, the cream sticks to the spoon. That's a good sign of how rich it is.I then decided on the fettucine with smoked salmon. It was also an indulgent experience and the smoky flavor of the salmon still stood out despite the cream sauce.It's a bit more than I'd like to spend for a typical Italian meal, but for Sotto Mare, I'm willing to pay it. Good service, decent drink selection (even though I opted for water) and the service was simple and featured a big smile.
it really was the best damn cioppino in town. it was stuffed full of lobster, crab, mussels, clams, shrimp, pasta, etc. the broth is super tasty. beware the size - two people can share and be stuffed for lunch.
The place was quite busy this Christmas eve. The first floor was quite full and noisy. It was good that we ended up being seated downstairs in the basement. It was much more quiet and cozy for our party of three. The salmon was a large thick portion and so tasty. The clam chowder was delicious. But my favorite dish of the night was the seafood linguine with pink sauce. I would definitely come back just for the seafood linguine...the sauce was incredibly fantastic! Thank you, Gigi!
Took bf here for his bday and gotta say the bestest cioppino ever! We also ordered the crab salad... They do give you lots of fresh crab but just too plain... Well it is a salad though... The waitress recommended us to just get one pot to share but I'd rather have my own pot since I eat alot :)
Really friendly but not on top of their game when it came to service. The food was not what i expected. The sand dabs were lacking salt. The fettucini was just ok and was a little runny. Their clam chowder is on the runny side and was just alright. With this restaurant being featured on the food network, I was excited to try it, but was disappointed.
i can't even rate this restaurant!are you kidding me?? Cioppino was disgusting! it was more fun to watch getting cooked then actually putting it in my mouth! No wonder I only eat my mom's cioppino and she makes it once in a blue moon. This restaurant to begin with is ugly. The only thing it had going for itself is the open kitchen bar area which was suprisingly spacious. You wouldn't be able to tell by first walking in. Expect long waits. The only thing I liked about this restaurant other than their water was their bathroom. I did however only enjoy bread & butter and vodka sauce pasta. Everything else was a waste. Oh and get this... their pesto isn't fresh, comes out of a can, the joys of open kitchen!
Super friendly staff! We arrived for an early dinner on a Friday night and were seated right away. We ordered the fresh oysters and the much-raved about cioppino. The oysters were fresh and tasty, $1.50/each for west coast. The cippino was tasty, good amount of seafood in it, but the penne pasta killed it for me - seemed like 'filler'. I can honestly say that I've never had pasta in my cioppino before and I don't care for it. Just my opinion!
We had oyster shooters, oysters on half shelf, sand bass and scallops. Everything was delicious, and service was great!
The best Seafood restaurant on North Beach. NO really. Once in a while you find a gem and this one was mine. I have tried almost all the restaurants in the North Beach area of San Francisco. I don't review them all because they are either not memorable, or good enough. This place is different. The owner is a funny fellow, and part of the overall appeal. Typical Italian character you would find in a movie. (Of course he hams it up for the crowd but that's part of dining experience) The place is fun, friendly and the service is very good. I came for the Cioppino. It far exceeded my expectations and I will be coming back soon. The clam chowder is also a top rated item. The clams were very fresh tasting and a good texture, decent amount and not too much on potato to skimp on the clam. These are the only two items I have tried and look forward to trying more. As you come in the fresh fish of the day, various varieties are featured to you by the owner so you can visually inspect the quality and freshness. If you're looking for a great North Beach, Italian, San Francisco experience don't miss out by falling for a tourist trap. This place is very reasonable and good for kids too. Make sure you ask for the desert, you'll get a laugh out of this.
Awesome. This place was so good that 1) I wasn't sure I wanted to review it for fear of adding to its popularity, but that seemed to go against the Yelp spirit and 2) halfway through our first meal here we were already planning on all our friends we wanted to bring back.$1.50 oysters - are you kidding? I've never had oysters this good this cheap. Clam chowder - delish, delish, delish. Flavorful with ample bits of bacon, the right level of richness & creaminess; not too salty.Linguine with clams - this was huge. The two of us could not finish it, it came with like 40 clams or something. Oh, and it was also the best pasta dish I've ever had in my life, hands down. Added bonus - super super friendly, obviously family owned & operated. We felt like a part of the family, and we sure aren't Italian!Get this - our bill came to under $40! We couldn't believe it after feasting on all that seafood beyond capacity. It was the most satisfying meal we've had in a while, as my hard-to-impress husband walked over to tell the owner(Gigi) as we left. Sit at the bar to get primo service from Gigi himself.
rude service! didn't wait for food, walked out!
Incredible!One of my favorite places. Sit at the counter - have some steamers with some of their fresh bread , then CRUSH the Cioppino. GiGi screaming at everyone, bursting out in song from time to time...I really enjoy this place and so has everyone that I have taken there. Not a very big place so if you are going with a group call ahead.I have yet to give a place 5 stars, but this place is close. I highly recommend it.
My experience here was ABSOLUTELY AMAZING! I did my homework and read at least 50 reviews of this place beforehand. Here's what I have to say:Service - I saw no signs of bad service, as mentioned in previous reviews. In fact, this was the best service I've received in a long time. As we walked in the door, a gentleman said "Welcome to Sotto Mare" (which helps because they do not have a sign). Our waitress treated us as if we were guests in her own home, including letting us polish off the bottle of wine that she was generously pouring from.Food - after reading rave reviews, I opted for the seafood fettuccine. Excellent dish! HUGE chunks of meaty seafood in a flavorful yet light red sauce. Portion was big enough to count for 2 dinners. Ambiance - down home Italian cooking at its best! Open kitchen where the chef is right there to tell you about the daily catch. Casual in every way which is refreshing after all the fine dining that I do. ;)
This place is excellent! The cioppino was the best! We loved the service and ambience as well. The staff was warm and friendly and I even got a hug from the hostess as I left. Located in a great neighborhood with numerous restaurants and bars. Forgot to mention that the price of the food was very reasonable as well. I would highly recommend this place to anyone who loves good food and an good time.
fun place in North beach. Original Italian owners! :)
Came here twice with a group of friends. I love their pasta. It was very flavorful and fresh (like what everyone has said). The second time, one of my friends and I decided to order one with their wok-dish soup thing with all kinds of seafood. Although that was around $30, I split it with my friend. We were both full from it, and that came out to be cheaper than what my other friends paid for the "regular" dishes. Yeah, the price is on the high side, but it's not unreasonable at all. Also, the place is small (narrow). I recommend this place.
Really good seafood in a casual setting. I started with the clam chowder which was excellent.I next ordered the crab cippino(sp?).It's basically a tomato based broth filled to the brim with seafood.Seriously 2 people could eat this and be full. It was good but almost too much of a good thing. I couldn't finish it. I had no problem with service.Waitress at counter was attentive and nice.
Right off the bat, hostess grits her teeth and tells me to get off my phone. She says it twice. Says she's "old fashioned". Then kinda half smiles. All this before we even get seated (I understand some people feel this is rude while actually sitting at a table, but while waiting outside before you're even seated? Technically I'm not even a patron yet!). Server comes immediately after we sit, and asks us if we're ready to order. Sure, we're ready for drinks, which we order. Then asks if we're ready to order food. Nooo you just saw us sit down. Then we wait and wait until she comes back for our order...and then we wait and wait some more for the bill, which we have to ask for. Only decent part of this experience were the oysters.
Walked in, told the guy we have two, immediately got rejected with a "No!" Wtf?!?!
Went here cause Yelp said it was good....and it was. Friendly service Italian/seafood. I ordered the west coast oysters with some kick ass horse radish. Followed it with a Seafood Linguine. They made me linguine mussels by mistake and then made me a whole plate of seafood linguine after realizing their mistake. I didn't have say a peep. Had to split it with a coworker. Solid meal with fresh ingredients cooked well in a friendly atmosphere. +1 for the marble counters and paper towel rolls.
Loved this place, best fresh seafood I had in San Francisco in the 3 days I stayed there. The decor is very laid back but in a cool Italian meets seafood restaurant kind of way. The waitress was the sweetest most charming italian lady ever, she makes you feel right at home. My friend and I had snapper with shrimp and sand dabs to share and both dishes were delicious! Highly recommend this place!!!
Brought my date here and was pleasantly surprised by attentive service and great food. Had oysters, oyster shooters, clam chowder and bacalau. All great.
I am looking through the reviews here and I am jus astonished -- I am born and raised in S.F. and live here and this is the WORST meal I've ever had in S.F. -- worst atmosphere and service, too. I am NOT in the industry and had been told by a friend who used to be manager of one of the best and liveliest places in town that this was the best fish place in town. A friend of mine owns a biz in No. Beach and has worked there for years, so I suggested we go.  I was MORTIFIED. It's a crappy little place -- but hey, good food and good friendly service will make up for that anytime But that wasn't the case. My friend (and older gentleman in a lovely suit and tie) asked for a salad...quarter of a head of iceberg lettuce with thousand island dressed was thrown down. Everything was like out of a BAD diner I have NO ax to grind with these people -- just came in cold, off the street, expecting a nice quickish meal before a show -- and this was dreadful beyond words. No style, no fun, the food seemed marginal to me, the service was of the "throw it on the table" and turn your back variety. I will NEVER go there again. So embarrassed to have taken friends there!
Man this is a awesome place. I was shocked how good it is. I wanted my parents and my g/f to come and celebrate my dads health and this place was an awesome choice. The owner was very friendly and entertaining. He was loud yelling back and forth and very enthusiastic in teaching us how italians eat etc.. We ordered clams and mussels steamed. They were both awesome and I think only 1 of the 25 or so clams had sand. They were also juicy as hell with a great white wine butter sauce. The crab again off the hook. The ciopino was extremly well made sweet with lots of seafood and pasta in it. Surprised me how good it was. They had calamrai as well and the sand dabs were all very yummy fresh and nice decor. Now my favorite seafood joint in SF period. That and Alfreds for steak ohhh snap!
Mom and Pop opened a seafood shack-bar, guys. It's called Sotto Mare. And it's actually pretty great...The Mom was a little sarcastic (as Mom is wont to be), but the waitress who explained the specials was friendly, patient, and helpful. It's located right slap in the middle of North Beach; it is an ideal, casual but delicious meal option; and the seafood, albeit priced accordingly with Bay Area standards, was top-notch. Unfortunately, they'd run out of the monkfish special (my favorite!!!) by the time we arrived, but the sand dabs were scrumptious nevertheless. I would definitely suggest asking the waitress for some tips, because she was a useful guide and recommended all the right menu and special dishes, seasonings, appetizers, etcetera. (I'll definitely be back to try the Cioppino, which I heard was incredible, but sadly it's for 2 people and no one wanted to split it with me... womp womp.)I think, more than anything, it was simply a fun, relaxed, and satisfying experience, an excellent opportunity to have quality seafood without having to go the fancy route, and just an overall good alternative to your usual dinner out. And it's absolutely charming! In that almost-tacky, trincket-overload marine way. (If you catch my drift? ...tide?) No dessert or coffee though... so if you're looking to wash down that prawn cocktail with an espresso, you'll have to go elsewhere. (I guess they get it a lot, so they have a printed list of nearby places to go for coffee, pastries, and so on.) Definitely knocked down half a star there though... I can do without dessert, but no espresso???? And you're in Little Italy? Not getting away with that one, guys.... Minus one star for not being anything spectacular or particularly innovative... So, 3.5 stars!
Amazing. Can't reserve if your party is small. Fish was perfect. My new favorite spot. This place is a gem. Almost don't wanna post this.
I agree with Julia c. Best Ciopino ever, and I'm not even going to talk about the clam chowder....Delicious. The staff was very friendly, and helpful. We even got a great explanation of how to eat the Cioppino, there's a technique. The ambiance and the decor are great, great place for a date or a casual dinner. The price is great for the quality of food you get. There is no desert so make other plans for that. I will definitely come back and send my friends over to Sotto Mare!
Called and they said come on in, got there paid 20 bucks to park and they said forty minutes or longer. WTF?
Had a fantastic time. My future Brother in Law brought my sister and I there for dinner just before the New Year. While there was a bit of a wait, the cioppino was well worth every second standing in line. The service was fine and I am counting the days until I can come back and try the Sand Dabs. Oh, and if there is a wait see if telling them you are with Mario helps.
Incredibly charming seafood joint in North Beach neighborhood of SF. Made a quick stop for a drink and oysters, and they were perfect. Loved the marble countertops at the bar and all the tables - very classy and added to the ambiance of the place. Owner was sweet and charming too. Wish I had more of an appetite when I came here, almost certain the seafood would have been incredible!
if you're a fan of seafood and italian food, this is by far the best place ever! I got their Cioppino, and boy was it flavorful and full of seafood. I felt like I just dunked my head into the fisherman's ice chest, and ate every part of the sea. Clams, squid, shrimp, small shrimp, crab legs, mussels, scallops. omgeee. It was $33 for a bowl of cioppino, but i think you can share this with 3 people, and order a side dish. My boyfriend go the risotto $19, he said it was alright. Again, huge portion, large amount of seafood. Very generous with their seafood!!! We got the oysters which were from west coast $1.50 each. They were alright, not as sweet as I hoped for. Overall, the meal was still very good. My sister and I kept on commenting how good the food was throughout the meal. Service for me was good. I don't recommend large parties.. parties of 4-5 is good. They serve Hoegarden here, which i have to come back to try! parking sucks, but its northbeach. I am a fan!!!!! next time I want to try the sand dabs everyones talking about. I saw them make it, and it looks VERY fresh and good. Come here if you want delicious, fresh, generous portion, fun seafood!Tip: you can bring 1 bottle of wine and there's no corkage fee for the first bottle!! win win win!
The atmosphere is friendly, the food is good, relatively cheap and plentiful, the cioppino is a good dish to share. Don't go there with your first date though, it might get wild. The oyster were ok-plus.
We ate there in the beginning of February. My BF and I really enjoyed our meal here! I don't live in San Fran but if ever back will definitely be back to eat there. From the time we walked in it was great service! The lady who sat us was charming and our server was helpful and efficient. We enjoyed everything we had, seafood very fresh and a plus we watched as they prepared our meal. They were very busy but still they were very attentive. Not touristy at all, we heard it was a more local spot. The only downfall according to my BF was no liquor or dessert. (he likes to have a nice after dinner whiskey) My opinion is I don't mind that, I love bar hopping so going somewhere else for that is great. We did have wine with our meal so I am good with that. We will give the food 5 stars but my BF wants me to give 4 because of his precious whiskey! Overall great experience!!
OK, the places you really want to run home and Yelp about are either places that seriously pissed you off or places that blew your ever-loving mind.Sotto Mare in the North Beach neighborhood of San Francisco is one of the more amazing restaurants I've ever been to in my life.From the moment you walk in the door the owners sister-in-law greets you with a big smile and treats you like family. My friend and I popped in around 8 on a Monday night and the small place was doing good business. We waited maybe two or three minutes before being seated. Almost instantly after we sat down, a friendly older gentleman (named Ed) in khakis and a Hawaiian shirt popped over to our table. "Have you ever been here before?" He asked. We replied that we hadn't. "OK. The Cioppino is the best thing on the menu and it can serve two. Also, the Risotto is extremely good and extremely popular." With that straightforward approach, we felt compelled to go for the Cioppino and we were SO happy that we did. We started with some delicious oysters and the fantastic wedge salad. Then Ed came over and tied a couple of "Crab Bibs" around our necks to get us ready for the main event.A large silver pot with a fancy lid was placed in the middle of our table and when Ed pulled off to top, the intoxicating smell of tomato broth and shellfish hit us and then the view of the incredible assortment of seafood bubbling in the pot was heart-stopping. I said to Ed, "Oh, Cioppino's kind of like a Boulibase then?" He shook his head. "Boulibase was invented in France and is actually mostly fish. Cioppino was invented right here in San Francisco on Fisherman's Wharf and it's pretty much exclusively shellfish and octopus." That started us on a fun conversation and before long the great woman who'd seated us had come over and joined in. We learned that they'd been in the restaurant business for sixty years and had twelve restaurants....all of them successes. And every time they'd "retire", they'd miss it too much and open a new place.And I think this is the real magic of Sotto Mare. Yes, the food is ridiculously good...like crazy wonderful good. But more than that, if you are attuned to the energy in the room, you can see that the place feels like home. There is a smile on everyone's face, a joke on everyone's lips, and a general aura of good will going on. It's the kind of feeling that you only get in a family owned place where there is a genuine love of cooking, laughing, and eating. The waiters don't just bring you food, they bring you a smile and interesting conversation. The owner wants to know if you're having fun and if everything tastes good. It feels like going to your favorite aunt's house for dinner.When my friend and I left with our bellies stuffed full of fantastic food, we saw a few people out on the street peeking in trying to decide if they should go in or not. "GO!" I exclaimed. "Go and be happy! Get the Cioppino! Everything's fantastic!" After a brief conversation all five people on the street poured into Sotto Mare to join the now much longer line. I'm only here for another week and it is at the TOP of my list to go back before I head out."WooHoo! As good as it gets!"-Indeed
Holy Cioppino! I've been craving this stuff ever since we ate here in January and I'm not sure I can replicate it. The silver cauldron I can find. And a few pounds of fresh seafood. But the most difficult part is the brodo! The broth of this soup is to die for and unfortunately the owner wasn't chirpin'. I guess I'll just have to go back and drop another $30 (+ wine), but I'm not complaining.
Excellent and fresh seafood. Lunch price average is over $20 per person w/o drinks. Minus 1 star because the owner was smoking inside the restaurant while people were eating.
Ok. I was excited to try this place and they did a good job. Oysters were good, not Amazing. The linguine with cream sauce and chefs lockbox seafood was very good and the cioppino lived up to the hype. Worth every bite!
Look for the welcome mat that says Sotto Mare, or you may be confused by the sign that says Gigi's. As everyone else has said, the cioppino is incredible. Loaded with crab legs, chunks of fish, scallops, mussels, and more, this stew made me happy! (The wine in it may have had a hand too.) The raw oysters here were fresh and COLD -- very important for my enjoyment of those suckers, and the bread they serve while you're waiting (briefly) was soft and buttery. Service here was good. The boss lady was a little feisty but nice. One of the other server ladies chuckled as the bf picked up the pot of cioppino to finish every last drop.We can't wait to try the sand dabs next time. :)
Cute spot but they close a bit early. They seated us and then locked the doors so we totally lucked out. Two people can share a cioppino and still have left overs. I will return but with more people so we can order a bunch of different things. Love the bibs, hahaha!
Ah, fellow yelpers. How you have disappointed me for the first time.I took a friend to Sotto Mare because she wanted some seafood, but we wanted to stick around the North Beach area because it was more convenient at the time. I guess that is where we made our first mistake.The place wasn't incredibly busy when we first went in (around 6:30 or 7). I think we were one of the only three tables. However, even though the waiter was nice, he never really filled our waters and took awhile to even bring us silverware and take our orders. I had to get up a few times and serve our group (which isn't a big deal, but c'mooon...I don't get tips). I ordered the seafood risotto and it was....not good. It was as if they tossed in a bunch of random seafood stuff in a big bowl haphazardly (mussles, squid, octopus - lives in water? suuure why not) and then undercooked it. The risotto was rather hard, and I felt like picking kernals out of my teeth. The waiter insisted that this was the "proper" way to eat risotto. If that's the case, maybe I just hate risotto. But even still, despite the texture, there was no flavor. It was just bland.The one redeeming factor was the oysters, which were from Oregon and HUGE. For $1 per oyster, it was a pretty good deal.If you *must* head here, go for the oysters. Otherwise, head somewhere else.
love their linguini with clams! and their oysters are always fresh too.
This was by far my favorite restaurant in SF. The seafood is so fresh and the portions are huge. You can easily split one meal between two people. I had the sand dabs and cioppino and both were delicious! I highly recommend this place and can't wait to go back to SF just to eat here!
I loved the atmosphere with cute kitchy decorations on the wall, fun music playing in the background (old school fun), and low lighting......the service was great, he was funny and charming...the food was excellent, the menu was minimal but sufficient...the wine and beer was good and decent selection...and not too expensive!but don't go there because I don't want it to be too crowded when I go!
What a fun experience. This is definitely the atmosphere I look for in a fish restaurant. I'm a local but took 2 out of towners who wanted fish. We got crab cocktail, chowder and the Cioppino. All were full of flavor, hearty, spiced perfectly and just hit the spot. The waitstaff was very friendly, knowledgeable and helpful. I've since recommended this place to a ton of friends and they all seem to agree.
Not sure what to say about this place. It was a mixed bag. The clam chowder was excellent, but the blue cheese wedge was terrible. The oysters were amazing, but the fettucini alfredo was below average. Ambiance, location, and wait staff were great. I doubt I'll go back.
the ambiance is awful. It is a very noisy restaurant due to the open kitchen.  The restaurant is a narrow long space that is divided by a counter. You can sit facing the diswashers as they bang pots around. Great!  Or you can sit a few feet away at the small tables along the wall. It is NOT a cozy, romantic place. Servers rush by. How can you enjoy a meal in that environment?The prices were a little above average....and the Cioppino was ridiculous at $35. If you are going to pay that, you should go to Scoma's
My wife and I are on a mission to sample fresh seafood. This mission started with the bad taste of chain restaurants, stagnant on our palettes. The atmosphere makes you feel like you're sitting in another era, with customers chatting among the clerks. There is a rich feeling of good food and good service as your oysters are delivered well within 2 minutes of your order. No bits of shell, high quality, and clean taste makes Sotto Mare a keeper. Clam chowder. This was the first time I have ever had a bowl of chowder done the exact same way my grandfather made it when I was a kid. There is the slightest other flavor that I remember, Sotto Mare got it. Ciopinno. This was my first time. I had always believed that if I was to ever try it, it better be a damn good one, because I love tomato sauce, and I love seafood. I did not want to be grossed out by low quality shellfish. I was overwhelmed at the amount served, It felt like you were the important one in the house when it's brought out to you. I regret not taking a picture. You must dip the bread in the sauce for that taste of family made. While the bib makes you feel like the fool for a second, at the end of the meal you may be surprised to see that the shellfish do spit back, and you are spared the indignity of alley cats chasing you all the way to your car. Not only that, but the bill was only around 60 bucks, which makes for the perfect little dinner with a loved one, or familiar friends.
I sat at the marble bar area and ordered west coast oyster shooters to start off with and then clam chowder! This is definitely the best clam chowder I've ever had in my life! For dinner, I had the halibut special with lemon-butter caper sauce and fresh vegetables. I used the bread to soak up the sauce... the seafood was so fresh and I loved the family style feel to the restaurant! Definitely visiting this place again! :D
This is SF at its best. If you're hungry and in North Beach, do yourself a favor and eat here. Great and unique atmosphere, great menu and what can I say about the owner, a legend. Great place, great food, great staff
I really liked Sotto Mare. There's a long bar you can sit at, which my boyfriend and I did, as well as outside tables and inside. They have a million things on the walls, from pictures, to signs, and the hood of the stove is part of the bottom of a boat! I ate the salmon alfredo which was excellent, and my boyfriend had one of their fish specials which was really good as well. The staff don't bother you a lot, which is really nice, they just visit you when they think you're ready for something, and it seemed they had perfect timing. It's a definite must eat!
After much pressure from a co-worker of mine I went here. She always raved about the clam chowder and the seafood pasta. I had both. The chowder was good, tasted like the sea and a decent amount of clams. My only criticism about it was that it was on the watery side for my tastes. I guess I'm used to Campbell's chunky clam chowder (I know...yuck). As for the seafood pasta...excellent, a huge portion with seafood overflowing and cooked just right. I was stuffed and had enough for a decent portion leftover for lunch the next day. I usually don't talk about ambiance, but I have to warn people this isn't a place to have a quiet conversation. It's like you're in the middle of a war zone, everyone's shouting and you can hear the sounds of the kitchen echoing throughout the place. Go to this place...with ear plugs.
I'm surprised that folks rave about this place as much as they do. It's good, but it's not "old school Italian", nor is it "authentic".  In fact, there's little in the decor or menu of the restaurant that is truly Italian. I think Yelpers that rave about this place need to take a trip to Italy to see what real fine Italian dining, really entails. That said, the food is good and reasonably priced but I would not rate it as one of North Beach's best. Seafood menu is rather limited which I found a bit surprising given that this is supposed to be "one of" SF's best seafood experiences, particularly the Boston clam chowder (another non-Italian specialty, btw). I'd go back with a hot date that liked it... but probably not of my own accord or choosing.
Just had dinner and with NO disappointment!! Many locals packed the place and all had very positive comments. It was all the truth- food was fabulous in a casual atmosphere! Fresh, fun, and great seafood! Will come back for sure!
The cioppino here is really good and can feed 2-3 people! If you show up early enough you will beat the rush and not have to wait for a table or a stool at the bar.
Two words you don't normally see together: kitsch and cioppino. Here on a North Beach side street, both are overwhelming. One could argue that this is the best cioppino in The City and, therefore, the world. All the usual suspects are in there: mussels, clams, crab, prawns and a bunch of other seafaring goodness. One order is sufficient for two people, and the server on our first visit was good enough to relay this message. The price is right and so is the staff's attitude. The owner is a funny guy who always imparts the same advice: Enjoy the nondessert.
Wow! Just about as good as it gets for Italian seafood. Had my dad and his wife meet us there and they were initially put off because it has such a narrow, small space and the tables and chairs were older and a bit uncomfortable. They were completely won over by the end of the meal. Most of us had the incredible cioppino, and unending sourdough bread. My husband had liguine and mussels and my brother had crab. All amazing. We rolled out of there (which is hard to do--did I mention its very narrow?).
Very friendly staff that seems to truly enjoy helping you, great atmosphere with a mixed bar and tables, fair prices and awesome food is Sotto Mare! We ordered the seafood risotto, Shrimp Louis and the braised scallops...and cleaned our plates pronto. We also ordered a half liter of wine which wasn't very good, so when ordering another bottle the waitress quickly comped us for the first one without hesitation. Nice. Just go and enjoy.
My girlfriend and I had dinner at Sotto Mare in early December 2011. We loved the place. We had to wait about ten minutes for seats at the counter, but the hostess gave us each a glass of red and chatted us up. The menu is short and simple, but I tell ya, the food is good. I had the sand dabs, which were mild, perfectly cooked, and delicious. My vegetarian girlfriend had some sorta pasta, which said was very good. This place is small, but does a brisk business for understandable reasons. Our favorite eats in North Beach to date.
CIOPINNO. Just get it!
Staff is amazingly friendly, and the ciopinno is to die for. In all my trips with my family up to SF, we have passed by this restaurant a million times but never gone in. Little did we know that we were missing amazing food! This is definitely being added to the stops that we make whenever we visit!
BACCALA! This is my first experience with this fantastic dish, served as an appetizer at Sotto Mare....and now I am craving it. Thank you Luisa for recommending BACCALA. I am seriously jonesing.Clam Chowder..the best in SFLinguine with Manila Clams..superbThe Cioppino (at the table next to us) looked like something we must try.
Love the fish and clams here. It's always so fresh. I like how they cook good ingredients in simple ways. I love their choppino. This is my to-go seafood Italian in the city.They aren't nice but the service is good.
Pretty damn good seafood! The Cioppino pot is perfect for 2 people. I think their sauce can use a little more character but overall this is a great place to eat for lunch or dinner.
Fantastic meal! Chowder and linguini w seafood was delizioso!
Two words: Moto bene  :)Everything we had tonight was absolutely heavenly. It brought me back to our trip to Italy in 2005, complete with a glass of Montepulciano and grilled zucchini blossoms (hello, can we get more authentic?)Thank you fellow yelpers for your wonderful suggestions on the clam chowder, cioppino and sand dabs. we had them all and we LOVED! the clam steamers were also sensational. only negative is lack of parking in the neighborhood
Who doesn't love the loud host? She's def an Alpha Female. I like her, but I like aggressive, sassy, and whats another word...no bull shit? I could do without the cioppino. Sand dabs and clam linquini. and clam chowder. HUM YUM.
Tucked into the folds of sweaty Green St., Sotto Mare can be overlooked. No surprise. Isn't dodging the drunken sway of overgrown frat boys and doing battle with the line at Golden Boy enough for anyone to handle? I never would have found this place if my old roommate hadn't brought me here after a long day spent cleaning and rearranging the apartment. We were in a state of ravenous exhaustion and the cioppino was the perfect antidote.Last night, nearly a year later, I finally returned. It was a quiet night and after one drink at Cigar Bar, my b/f and I were feeling nostalgic for our former North Beach hood. He had never been to Sotto Mare so it was a done deal. Sigh. The perfect choice.Once again, the cioppino was delicious. The broth was rich, but not overwhelming, and complimented the fresh, high quality mussels, clams, squid, shrimp and crab that abound in the dish. The boyfriend and I can both put down a respectable amount of food and this dish was more than enough for both of us to share.There was just one mistake made and it was of the "bank error in your favor, collect $200" variety. Our lovely waitress, I think she is Gigi's wife, forgot our wine order and promised to give us our "second" glasses on the house. By second glasses she meant two huge pours and the rest of the bottle of chardonnay!! Score.I'm in love with the uberfriendly-borderline bossy- and down home Italian vibe this place exudes. The staff here have no qualms about telling you what they think and always have an eye out for personal comfort and maximum enjoyment. For example, Gigi walked by after we got our cioppino dish and, seeing that it was nestled between us, wagged his finger, said "this will not do" and proceeded to rearrange the bar top so that the metal tureen, bread, and wine were perfectly placed. He then took our stools, while we were sitting on them!, and oriented them together. It was authoritative in a good way, and definitely created a more enjoyable, romantic and intimate set up than what we had before. Give yourself over to their expertise and you will not be disappointed.Bottom line: The atmosphere is lively and silly, the cooks shuck oysters like pros and we took it in with smiles and happy tummies. Sitting at the bar is maybe even more fun than at a table. Also, they have a great sense of humor! The dessert menu has no dessert, just a cheerful explanation that the owner is watching his health and recommendations for several nearby pastry places. Awesome.I should note that I'm giving Sotto Mare just four stars because I haven't tried anything but the cioppino. If I ever try anything else, I will update this but don't hold your breath.
All Seafood all the time.Risotto - GoodShrimp Cocktail salad - GoodClam Chowder - Good and I am from New EnglandCustomer service was good, but a few hiccups.I'd come here again.
oh, i was so craving seafood, pulled out my handy iphone and on to the yelp app and viola found it. the cippino was delicious!! simple and casual, yet so good to really dig right into your dish! me and my man actually shared the cippino, started with the oysters. everything was so great, fresh, and we loved it! less one star, a bit pricey considering it's more about the food, the ambiance almost leads to the fact that you should be getting a better deal, service is very "hands" on which is fine, but then i feel the price should be scaled down to simply the cost of food, ambiance can add to the price, but this should be no nonsense pricing and then you get it right with the super delicious, fresh food!
I eat here about once every other week, and every time it is Bombastic!! I love the clam chowder, I love the Sand Dabs and the Sea Bass is to die for, don't count out the Shrimp Louis Salad it is also Fantastic!
The Cioppino is amazing. Must ordered!
Cool retro place in North Beach. Loved the food, although we just had apps and moved on. We came here specifically for happy hour oysters and left very happy.
Sunny: Not being such a fan of seafood, my boyfriend had to prod me to go to one of his favorite restaurants in his neighborhood: North Beach. I was quite against the mostly seafood on the menu but after going to this place after much coersion I was much surprised by its casual and homey atmosphere. I was in awe of the many personal pictures and mementos lining the walls all around the place! When we went, it was incredibly hot out and we opted to sit outdoors on one of the street tables(yes, on the street). Ok now for the food: We had the sand dabs and penne peppercino pasta. The sand dabs were surprisingly delicious! No bones which was great. We had the red house wine which was delicious with our food, and as an added bonus to my date, had quite an effect on me. The great food, people, friendly staff and overall atmosphere was absolutely worthy of 5 stars! Nolan: I have gotten my girlfriend who is not a huge seafood eater to go here and love it. The fish is super fresh, gigi, the owner will happily show off pictures of his boat that catches the fish. The sand dabs and the cioppino are the best two things on the menu. I am also very fond of the Bassa with the garlic sauce (sooo good!). Portion sizes are perfect, the staff are very friendly, the service is great, and gigi's gregarious personality make this place a north beach must.
This is one of my favorite spots in North Beach. Unpretentious food in an open and friendly restaurant. Gigi keeps the menu simple: There is a red sauce and a white sauce, one West coast oyster, one East coast oyster, one clam, and a variety of pasta and fresh fish. While I've tried almost everything on the menu, I frequently go just for shellfish. West coast oysters are just $1.50, usually from Drakes or Tomales Bay, clams from further into the pacific, $1. Can't beat it.
I finally made it to sotto mare this weekend and loved it. I started with the clam chowder....delicious. Then onto oysters which were very yummy and only a buck each for west coast oysters ($2 for the east coast oysters). Then I split the sand dabs with a friend and that was REALLY good. I had never had sand dabs before, but our server recommended them and we loved it! All the seafood tasted very fresh, prices were fair, service was good, atmosphere was fun. No complaints. I'll definitely be back! Plus, they also have hoegaarden on tap. :)
Gotta love how the one star reviews of this place complain about ridiculous trivial things like "non-fancy bowls", "soup off the side of the bowl", "substituted vegetables", etc. Please. Seriously, here's a tissue. Cry some more.This is the best seafood in North Beach if not all of SF. Everything is delicious. Yes, some of the servers are a bit snappy and abrasive sometimes. It's a REAL Italian restaurant with REAL Italians running it. It's to be expected. It's especially to be expected if it's busy and you're being an idiot. That's how Italians work. Don't come here to get your butt kissed. Come here to eat amazing seafood!I will say, personally, I have never had anything close to a bad experience with the service. I remember the first time I came in, my date was running late, and one of the ladies said something along the lines of, "She'll be here in 10 minutes? She better be or I'm gonna throw you out of here!" Now, some of these overly sensitive Yelp hipsters might be offended by that if it happened to them and they might cry and give a 1 star review over it, but the fact is she said it with a smile and it was cute. It's how Italians joke sometimes.Every time I have gone in, they have been perfectly decent to me. They make sure my guests and I are comfortable while we wait to be seated and I have never had any problems as far as long waits or bread refills or anything else. Carmen is exceptionally sweet and you can tell she loves what she does. I can't say nicer things about this restaurant or their staff and it is at the top of my list of places to recommend to friends or to bring visitors and dates.
Wonderful fresh Fish dishes. Great chef, will go back again.
Don't blink, you may miss it! Sotto Mare, besides our good pals living in SF now, your Cioppino may be the sole reason I have been back to your wonderful city almost every month for the past 6 months. Sotto Mare is in the heart of North Beach and you may miss it if you don't know the exact address. A small and quaint place with all of the Italian family feel. I was in SF and wanted Cioppino. The last time I had it was in this city and I needed it again. We looked up on Yelp for the best Cioppino and low and behold, there you were, number one on the list. And it does not disappoint! I will be honest, the seafood quality is good not great but all of that blends away in the amazing taste of the broth AND the dungeoness crab that is local to SF. A-M-A-Z-I-N-G. You get a bib and everything. Just try it. The owner of this place is so accommodating and nice. The second time we visited Sotto Mare, the kitchen was running a bit slow so the owner came around with a pot of pasta and giving all of the patrons a scoop to help with the hunger, Too kind, sir. Come here with a large party and you may have the luxury of being sat in the downstairs dining area. I cannot really describe anything else on the menu as I do not veer away from the Cioppino so I suggest you do not either.
Excellent seafood! It's a super tiny hole in the wall, which we walked by a couple of times (but that's because they don't have my proper markings outside the door). But once we found it, we were able to get a seat at the bar right away. The seat we had was quite nice since it was slightly away from the door and you had the poor souls waiting for a table to block the wind and cold from hitting you.We had the whole cracked crab (a whole lotta crab), a half doz. of oysters (yum) and a bowl of chowder (yum x2), and the steamed mussels. All of it was super fresh and tasty. The mussels came in a white wine broth, which to my liking, came in a broth and not a bowl of melted butter. That way you could sop up the broth with the bread and not feel like your heart's going to stop working at any minute.The service was quick and friendly. You could tell that it's a neighborhood joint - it had that kind of a feel. The ladies that serve people are so laid back, but you know they're there if you need anything. Don't know if it's because we were at the counter, but they gave us our own pitcher of water. I loved that! I always hate it when you're wanting a glass of water and no one seems to care that you're dying of thirst.When we were getting ready to leave, one of the ladies commented that we were so easy to take care of. Gotta love it when you get praised at the end of your meal!
If my job performace is as consistent as the taste of food I have had in Sotto Mare, then I should one of the top executives by now. But seriously, let's talk food, specifically, let's talk about Sotto Mare.I am always a big fan of seafood, and in particular, CLAMS. As regular of this restaurant should know they have some kick ass seafood, (please do get carb cippinos, they are mucho delicioso~). But I am not here to talk about that. I am here talking about their clam steamer.Where to begin? The four of us stepped into the restaurant at 6:30pm expecting a wait. However, the waitress, who was super friendly in a Italian kind of way, made some arrangement with the tables and we were seated in 10 minutes. Sure, I had to squeeze myself into the chair through a big Italian who's chowing down his food, but it was all worth the effort.While we are starring at our menu, fresh Italian bread were brought out and we enjoyed those with olive oil and basamic vinegar that were available on the table and as Rachel Ray would say, "yum~mo!"After two (or more?) breads the word "CLAM STEAMER" caught my attention and I decided to give that a go. $19 was the ticket price and it was all so worth it. The clam steamer turned out to be a big plate of maybe 20+ clams served with clam juice and a light white sauce that goes real well with the bread on the table. The clams meat was big and very juicy; I am getting myself hungry just trying to visualize it. I recommend everyone to try it! 5 Star baby! Booya!
Thank you fellow yelpers; you have never let me down. This was a terrific place. It said, "The best damn cioppino" on the menu and it was. I was staying downtown and decided to walk and what a walk it was! Up Nob Hill - and worth the effort. The cioppino was the best. I could smell it as they were preparing it. Everything was fresh. Louise, Betty and Gigi made it feel like you were eating in your friend's house (this is a fantasy since my friends can't cook like this). What a gem this is. Can't wait for my next trip to San Francicso.
Came here again to celebrate my son's 21st birthday. The restaurant was very cool--treated him like a rock star. As for the food--based on my previous experience, I ordered Cioppino and sand dabs. Those were gobbled up and EVERYONE (all 6 at the table) raved. The chef's seafood pasta in creamy white sauce was also to die for--they certainly don't skimp on seafood here. Also tasted the salmon, the pesto, and clam chowder. The clam chowder was good, but not as great as I expected based on the reviews...but then again, it may not have agreed with my flavor expectation. All the pastas were done beautifully. The friendly service capped everything off. This was a first time for all my guests--they now all agree, Sotto Mare is the place to go for Italian seafood dishes.
Cioppino was awesome. Seafood in every bite. Was only the two of us so we couldn't try any of the other entrees. Will bring the cavalry next time so I can have a little bit of everything. Hoping to give them a 5th star
Enjoyable from start to finish:Started with the oysters on the half shell and shooters - both 'west coast' style. Not really sure what the difference was and when I asked I was told $1.00 so I opted for the cheaper version. The shooters were sorta their crowning jewel. They were spicy and rich with the right amount of tomato, alcohol, and heat. Very nice indeed. For $1.50 the oysters on the half shell can't be beat. They were fresh, large and deliciousNext, clam chowder. Now, I am not the biggest fan of chowders, clam or otherwise. But I really loved this one. It was not too thick or too buttery. Instead it had a slightly thicker than broth quality that made it easy to eat and less likely it would spoil your appetite for the rest of the meal. Also, the clams were not chewy but had a meaty texture. Delightful.For the entree, I had the fettichini with a wide and beatiful assortment of sea creatures. The white sause on it, like the chowder, was suprisingly light and totally delicious. My charming dinner date had the rex sole I think and it was a whole fish that was very fresh and nicely cooked.We also had two glasses of wine.Now here is the totally crazy part....the check was $60! I mean, for that amount of food (the portions were nothing to sneeze at) plus wine, shooters and the above was an incredible deal. Had some aprehensions about sharing....wanted to be greedy and keep this place for myself. But since there were empty tables on a Saturday night, which should NEVER happen at a place this wonderful, I am making an exception. Further, as others have pointed out, the owner is a kick in the pants as are all the employees. Also, there are old pictures and interesting brick-a-brack all over the walls. So go there. Have a great time. For a bargain. And leave happy and full.
"The simple things in life are often the best"Very friendly wait staff and cozy family atmosphere. The fish of the day (Petrale Sole) was a delicate and delicious delight. Coupled with some great Linguini, mussel appetiser and great clam chowder, it made for a very satisfying night. Only negative would be that they're a little heavy on the olive oil and the pasta doesn't seem to be freshly made. Kudos to the friendly owner brightening up our night.
That's amore, well kiddo's you will have to look very carefully for this establishment. Seriously you could miss it if you didn't recognize the menu from their yelp photo's. You would miss this place like you'd miss a $150 chanel sweater that is on sale at harrod's. You'd just miss it if you didn't look vigilantly. Anyhow, with that said the ciopinno is ridiculously filling, and would feed three people. The sand dabs are tasty, but it had a lot of bones in it. For me I'd rather have my fried fish without bones please. The service in this place was pretty great, and I was kind of scared of all the random dirty regulars coming in and out of the restaurant wanting to find out where the owner was at. Hmmmmm I am thinking someone has a cocaine addiction hahaha.. anyhow that was truly off the map, and sotto mare was pretty tasty but I was not blown away
Awesome, awesome seafood restaurant. The fish couldn't have been more fresh. I had the Halibut special, although my brother had the seafood risotto and I would absolutely order that the next time I come. Because, yes, even though I live in Denver, I would seriously came back to San Francisco just to eat at this restaurant again. The staff was super friendly and helpful and the ambience was cool and lively. Not only do they do seafood amazingly well, but the entire Sotto Mare experience will certainly not disappoint.
I have never really had italian seafood before, but to come here as an introduction, may ruin me forever, the Cioppino, the seafood fettucini, so good that it was almost embarrassing to eat in front of other people. The four of us shared 3 entree's and a bottle of wine and it barely hit $150 for the tab with tip.
First time here, and I can't say enough good things about it.  I had the special black cod with roasted garlic butter and vegatables and practically licked the plate. It was that good. The fish was cooked to perfection, and it had just the right amount of garlic butter -- not to oily, not to dry. My friend had the seafood ravioli in one of the most spectacular sauces I've ever tasted. I kept dipping my veggies in it.Excellent service. They offered a glass of wine while we waited for a table, and we didn't have to wait long at all. They sat my friend and I at the end of the bar right in front of the chefs, which I was hesitant about, but it turned out to be an unexpected treat to watch them work their magic.I loved the atmosphere, and I'll definitely be back!
had the linguine with scallops and it was fantastic!! they really load you with scallops and its definitely worth it! nice open kitchen so you can keep your eye on the cooks and chefs and check out their secrets! its a really small shop but very neat and welcoming. the minus 1 is for my friends dish. she ordered the risotto and it was completely too salty. but you know that feeling where you kind of don't wanna return the plate for fear of what may come on your next dish.... even though its an open kitchen... but she was a trooper and just toughed it out and we all ended up sharing and mixing it with other things to drown out some of the salt. but as far as the pastas was definitely on point. i would definitely come back to try other dishes. but beware of the risotto!
I would eat here every day and brave mercury-poisoning for their fish if I didn't have to risk having a road-rager's stroke trying to find parking in San Francisco, especially in North Beach. Straight-up seafood dishes are served American-style: Here's a massive, juicy slab of fish smothered in butter sauce, with a few sticks of asparagus on the side and a basket of bread so you don't look ridiculous slaughtering an entire school of fish.The place is set up like a diner, and has the ambiance of one too. There's a few tables in the restaurant, but I prefer sitting at the long counter, where the regulars and staffers are friendly, helpful, and sometimes fanatic about their love of seafood.As with any area in SF, cab it or walk here if you can. Fish specials average $20, give or take a few bucks. Ask about the specials not on the board.
For those of you that complain about the service, I just don't see it. Yes, my party waited for a long time to be seated because I called too late to make a reservation. Yes, the food took a while to prepare. Yes, the owner knows exactly what she wants. These are all indicators of a great restaurant.The cioppino was just superb and the atmosphere is fantastic. Our waitress was also extremely attentive and Louise was awesome. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone.Alice. Alice? Who the f*** is Alice?
Foodgasm. There, I said it. Not super cheap, but it is super good, and pretty kitschy.Totally worth it for yummy food. Not a big menu but the chowder is very good, not a creamy mess like most places. Oysters are quite yummy and fresh and the price ain't bad.I had the Ling Cod w/ Tomato Caper sauce and it was GREAT. The sauce was a perfect balance of tomato and caper and richness, complemented the super tender cod very well.Overall a big two thumbs up. I will be back.
Reminiscent of a Great local Italian family owned restaurant! Crab cioppino to die for!!! Sauce is perfectly seasoned...wanted to drink from the bowl! Must go!
What a gem! A friend and I were looking for something different than the normal chains and stumbled onto Sotto Mare. Absolutely superb food, surprising variety, great service and wonderful people. A great choice, one I will go to again.
No fanciness, just deliciousness. The oysters were tasty, but the real treat was the crab cioppino. Scallops, mussels, shrimp, squid, and of course, huge crab legs in gigantic pot with pasta and sauce. With two people, we didn't even come close to finishing it, though we made a valiant effort. I was so excited about the meal, or shaky from my cioppino high, that I accidentally launched a crab leg into the wall while trying to crack it up. And no one judged me for it, though my companion guffawed. Best dinner I've had so far in 2008.If that wasn't enough, Sotto Mare has one of the city's more impressive collections of wall-mounted fish.
I'm shocked and appalled that I didn't review this lovely and delicious restaurant when I came here!! ciopinno... mm... clams... fish... wine.. lots of wine.. amazing company and this restaurant has SUCH a great story. Clam Chowder is to die for, fyi. It's all good. Didn't anything below scrumptious when I was there. Yuum.
This super friendly, casual, old-timey SF place in the heart of North Beach is not to be missed! Owner Gigi ran Maye's and the Double Play for many years so is no new-comer to this town, though this restaurant has only been just under a year. Highlights: West coast oysters for a buck a piece, decent wines by the glass, awesome Louie salad selection (crab, shrimp, combo etc.), amazing bacalao, sand dabs and chowder - all fresh and at very affordable prices.As noted in another review, signage is a bit confusing and the only one with the name 'Sotto Mare' on it can be hard to see, so be sure to write down the address before you come. Or if you know the neighborhood, it's where the New Pisa used to be and is right next door to Nua.
I wanted to go here based on the reviews on Yelp. We walked up and down the block looking for the restaurant name, and then when we didn't see the name, walking up and down again looking for the address. We never found it, ended up going elsewhere.But now that I'm home and going over the pictures posted here I can say OH! Now I know which restaurant it was! When we walked by they had two tiny tables out on the sidewalk with "campers", people that had obviously been there a while and had no intention of going anywhere - as confirmed by the server we asked "how long for outside seating". We walked inside and were immediately hit with a wall of sweltering, suffocating heat. NO way were we going to sit inside there.So we moved on.
If you have a king crab leg stuck up your rear, then the silly schtick here may turn you off, but we had wonderful meals... and a great time. Upon entering, we were chatted up and served complimentary wine at the bar, even though counter seats were available (my wife declined) and we had no reservation. That really impressed me. To just walk in under those circumstances and be treated that way, in a place that already does hopping business. As a New England native, I can say all the seafood we had was top notch and generously portioned. Oysters were perfect. $27 cioppino (the menu's priciest item) was a big old tureen full of goodies that my wife was forced to share or burst. $19 risotto was chock full of al dente seafood in every bite, and frankly, a bargain.I suppose there are places downtown with more elegant fish preparations and places in North Beach with a slightly better hand with risotto, but seriously, the nexus of aquatic quality and quantity, at these prices, is awfully hard to beat. Pile on the owners' heartfelt attentions and solid support staff to that bedrock value, and it makes for an accessible, memorable restaurant. Highly recommended.
We showed up at this restaurant with high expectations. The bar is an awesome marble slab with a towering regianno wheel and a wooden fisherman with a "crabs gather here" sign - a good start, we were psyched - good vibe, with alot of big parties moving through...a bit touristy, but we were game.We ordered a Prosecco split and some oysters. They had east coast and west coast oysters - I think hog island and a decent east coast type we'd heard of.The oysters were not inspired or super "ocean" tasting, briny, or fresh. Basically, strike a one - leave your food loving expectations at the door here. This place should not, within any definition of the italian language, be called an "Oysteria." Then, our cracked crab arrived on a bed of shredded browning iceberg lettuce. Strike two - and the crab had a creamy-ish taste that we couldn't identify. We are total crab-aholics, so we know what we're talking about. Then, our food arrived five minutes later. We still had several oysters and a full plate of crab. The waitress quipped that we were eating slow, but apologized...still, our hot food sat there with us on the counter with the raw - no attempt to bring it back to the kitchen. (strike three, and rude).Then (yech) we ate the food - we ordered a clam linguine which had fresh clams, that were delicious -- but the sauce was a revolting cream-based sauce - this dish should, in our opinion, always be served with a clam-broth/wine/olive oil type preparation - unless indicated on the menu that it is an alfredo sauce. We should have asked, but.... this may have been what led to my wife feeling ill later on. (Strike four)We also got a huge Cioppino, and the waitress never suggested that we might share this thing, which is served in an enormous metal tureen. This was a touted dish, but we should never have ordered it. There were no chunks of fish - it was crab, calamari,mussels and dry, chewy shrimp with ZITTI AT THE BOTTOM - that is a real first - overcooked, limp pasta in a Cioppino - no.  The sauce had zero character or zip, some of the seafood was nice - but overall, it was a big messy tureen of calamari sauce and sugar. And there was no toast, which should be automatic for a thirty dollar dish that takes very little to prepare.  (Strike five.)Atmosphere is good, and servers and staff are jovial and friendly. But If your intentions are to eat good food for hard-earned money, or if you have a refined palette, steer clear of this establishment.
Oh yeah this is THE PLACE in North Beach. Gigi the owner is sneaking a shot of scotch or bourbon from under the bar, lively, great food. Oysters the best, Sand Dabs or Rex Sole outstanding. This is a hole in the wall joint. Blink and you'll miss it. I was turned on to this place by a local shop owner. They have a very good organic wine by the glass. You can get hosed Royale in North Beach, but not here. Go in jeans and a tee shirt. Casual. Simply outstanding. A great vibe. A fun place to be.
I came here one night with the boyfriend 15 minutes before they close, and the cook and waitresses treated us really well. We ordered linguine with seafood and a whole crab; that was enough food for the both of us. The linguine was really good and not overly saucy. The waitresses constantly checked on us to make sure we were satisfied with our food. Their food tasted good, and the owners were really nice to us. We were the last ones to leave and stayed there way past their closing time, and they were really sweet about it. Also, their bathrooms are really clean!!And, parking is out of control, so be prepared to look long and hard. It took us almost an hour to find parking.
Cioppino! Wow! This is the best seafood medley I've ever tasted, and worth going for that alone. Moreover, the stew is so hearty that it easily serves 3-4 women coupled with great bread and perhaps a side of Benita's Baccala--a whitefish and tomato spread that is delicious. We had the best seat in the house at the end of the counter to keep watch over a talented and busy cook staff. They serve no dessert, but with so many places around to get coffee and dessert in the area, they don't need to. Great place worthy multiple visits.
We had dinner based on Yelp reviewed and we loved it. I had one of the most popular fish dishes, but can't recall the name and my husband had the chowder and the linguini shell fish medley. I don't eat shell fish, but he raved about it. My fish was perfectly cooked as were my side of veggies. We were seated promptly and the staff was very attentive. It was a little on the pricey side, but the amount of food was worth it. My only complaint was that you don't get free refills on soda...what gives?? Lame.
This place is really, really good. Not only is the seafood fresh, and the atmosphere great, but the characters that run the restaurant, from GiGi, the cooks, waitress', etc. all do a great job. Its great to have a true Italian Seafood place in our hood.  The Real Deal!!!Ryan
what a treat! best seafood in san francisco according to yelp, so we gave it a try. a quick 15 minute wait for 2 spots at the bar were followed by tender shrimp cocktail, and I couldn't stop eating the cioppino! the seafood was so fresh and nicely prepared.great servers, and a wonderful, intimate vibe! enhanced by the kitchen's aroma. no wonder it has so many regulars.
Delicious, fresh seafood. The clam chowder, sand dab fish and seafood pasta were good. Service was superb. A good find in North Beach. Would definitely come back to try the other things on their menu.
OMG. A friend recommended this place, but totally qualified it by saying it was a little hole in wall off the beaten track! When I am on vacation, I tend to stay away from the trendy places and eat like the locals...that is how you get some of the best food!! Well, I don't know when I have had a more satisfying meal. Our table ate "family style" and we had the west coast oysters, then came the cracked crab. We had a serving of the sand dabs (WOW) and then shared the Chopino (AWSOME).
This place is great! I felt like I was at my uncle's house for the feast of the seven fishes. I felt so at home here! The staff just floats around the place singing and dancing. They really love what they do.Overall, the food was exactly what I was looking for. The fish is off-the-boat fresh and prepared simply so you can taste how fresh it is. The oysters are a buck a piece and as fresh as you can get in this city. I also had the chowder. I thought it was great. And because I wasn't looking for a sandwich I didn't care that they don't have bread bowls. If you want a bread bowl, go to fisherman's wharf. Did I mention how great the staff is? Gigi, the owner who had never met us before, bought us a drink just because he was in the mood. I have a feeling that he's in the mood most of the time. Needless to say, I'll be back...probably within a week.
Great place. Second time back and food is consistent; freshly prepared, deftly seasoned and very tasty. Ambiance is bohemian cool. Very laid back and comfortable. No pretentiousness here. I would go back in a heart beat. So far, the best cioppino I've had in the bay area. Saw other reviews regarding service and have not had the same experience. Mind you this is not Gary Danko's or Chez Panisse. Service was friendly and although needed a little reminding was fine. I would go back in a heartbeat (and intend to). The food is really great if you're looking for classic Italian seafood preparation. Don't ask for parmisan on your shrimp or clams here; taboo.
Came here on a rainy Valentines Day with the girly. They don't take reservations, but perhaps due to the weather, the place wasn't completely packed. We were seated within 5-10 minutes and even given complimentary wine by the owner who greeted us warmly. The restaurant has a diner-like feel to it: rows of seating along the counter with some tables for 2-4 on the main floor. They also have a downstairs area with additional seating, which is where we actually ended up sitting. What we ordered:Oysters on the 1/2 shell - we ordered a dozen of the "west coast oysters" (vs. east coast oysters) and they were delicious. Good size, very fresh with just a hint of that saltwater aftertaste. Nice, spicy horseradish, a dab of cocktail sauce, and a squirt of lemon makes the oysters extremely good.Cioppino - oh man, this sucker was so good. A nice huge pot of steaming seafood goodness stewed perfectly in a wonderful tomato broth. This thing was BIG. Definitely large enough for 2 people. The contents: calamari, mussels, clams, and what seemed to be an entire dungeness crab. The broth was delicious because it soaked up all the flavors of the seafood and was not too salty. The dish was piping hot throughout the entire course of our meal, which was an added plus.Seafood risotto - this was another truly great dish. I can't say I'm an expert on risotto or anything, but it was so tasty. Soft, creamy, and full of the fresh seafood flavor from the tons of shrimp, clams, mussels, and calamari. Best risotto I've had.     Overall, this was a great dining experience. Service was great, atmosphere was great, food was awesome. Definitely come give this joint a shot.
YUMMY!!!!!!!!! Thank you Yelpers for the recomendation of Sotto Mare! I hardly ever eat pasta, so this was a treat! The restaurant is not fancy by any means, which is perfect for me! I love down-to-earth places where the food is soooo good! Had the seafood linguinne...and it was simply delicious! I will go back again and again!!
Had a glass of chianti and cioppino. Awesome combination and the cioppino was enough for two people to share. We sat at the bar towards the far end of the restaurant and had fun watching all the food being prepared.
My new secret spot in SF! Nice, friendly staff (except the old man). He can be a little rough around the edges but kinda grows on you. Order the oysters, clam chowder, linguine with clams in white sauce....done!! These are their claim to fame. The sauce on their fish dishes can be salty. I would've been perfectly content with the initial order. Minus one star for the unspectacular fish and the poor ventilation (ate during our short SF heat wave). The comparison to Swan's is unfair, but I can totally see it.
This place is hard to find. We spent 10 mins going up and down the street trying to find the restaurant, and we finally found it and realized that they don't have the name of the restaurant out front. We went on a Friday night, and like every other good restaurant in the city, it was packed. We sat at the bar where we can pretty much see the whole kitchen. The food was great (highly recommend the cioppino), and since it's more of a family style restaurant, the staff, even the chef were really nice and chatty. The chef even gave us a free sample of their fresh grilled fish for the day.
I had dinner here, and ordered their halibut with a tomato capers sauce. It came with a side of boiled vegetables. The seasonings were basic but in perfect balance. With a diet coke as well, the total came out to be $22. The service was also exemplary. I just wished it wasn't as loud as a diner, but maybe it was because I was seated at the counter.
Seafood bonanza extravaganza!.. Crab Cioppino excellent... West Coast oysters on the half shell as fresh as they come!!! Knowledgeable staff very nice and laid back. Owner Gigi i'm assuming is a straight shooter... As we were eating our oysters he comes over and says that I wont be needing any Viagra tonight as his oysters packed a supernatural punch! LOL.. Oh did I mention the CRAB CIOPPINO this was the highlight of our meal it was full of assorted seafood and plenty of that local dungeness crab and the stew so so flavorful. Next visit going to try the risotto and the pasta and of course the clam chowder. BTW Parking is a nightmare I circled the block for 20 min..
Went to this restaurant because my daughters said the reviews were good. Had dinner here about 3 months ago and we ordered the Cioppino, linguini with pesto sauce and Seafood Risotto. Every one of these entrees were delicious. I lived in North Beach for 20 years and finally trying the various restaurants here and this is a place I would come back again.
Fun and tasty! This place is full of character and characters! It is s the perfect place to out of towners. I had the seafood ravioli and the east coast oysters to start and they were both awsome!
Belly up to the bar!!Excellent Cioppino !!!  We just loved it. Had the clam chowder as recommended and it was okay ( I have had better!) Very busy place and you will have to wait. Recommend making a reservation.
Wonderful wonderful wonderful!You could probably only get better Cioppino in Italy! Absolutely amazing! Full of prawns, bay shrimp, crab, mussels, clams and pieces or amazing white fish! Freshest prawns around, absolutely delicious!I'd never had baccala before, so I really have nothing to compare it to, but it was super tasty, a wonderful appetizer. Linguini with seafood was superb. Seafood was "chefs choice," for us it was all the same seafood as in the cioppino! The "white sauce" tasted like butter and cream mixed together, seriously how can you go wrong with that?!Iceberg wedge with blue cheese was big and fresh!On the table they have olive oil and "vinegar" for the bread. Delicious olive oil and you simply MUST try the "vinegar". Tasted more like a red-wine vinegar reduction sauce- thick and sweet. Absolutely delectable! The service is perfect and just what you would want from a small North-Beach restaurant- friendly and casual.The linguini and cioppino took a few minutes to prepare, but I think they were steaming the seafood and cooking the noodles, tasted super fresh! This is the real deal! Excellent Italian food in San Francisco's little piece of Italy!
What a delight!!! From the complimentary glass of wine while we waited, to the delightful staff, to the" best damn crab chioppino" ever, to the hug from the owner as we left. We will NEVER visit San Francisco without visitng Sotto Mare!
My husband and I real foodies from ATL. We loved everything about this restaurant. It was like going to a friends house for dinner. We were offered a glass of wine while we waited for a counter seat. Originally from MD we enjoyed the dungeness crab. We hesitantly tried the Crab Cioppina. I was afraid it would taste fishy and my husband doesn't like spaghetti sauce on seafood. We were both completely amazed. It didn't taste like either. One of the best meals I've ever had. Tons of seafood! Excellent food, excellent service. Not for snobs who expect white linen though. I never go to a restaurant twice, this one I will. Enjoy.
What a great place to eat in SF. The Ciopino was fabulous. The ambiance was Italian to the max . Jane, the waitress, was the best.
LOVE this place! It was my first time eating baccala, salted cod, served with tomatoes, lots of garlic, capers and a few other yummy ingredients. The owner, who I assume is the oldest gentleman on the floor, shared a few random, enlightening stories every time he came to our table. The dishes were uncomplicated and wonderful, overall. I would definitely be a regular at this joint if I lived in The City.
The reviews say it all. For party of two expect to be seated at the counter. We knew that going in so we were OK with it. It was quite comfy and added to our experience. We had the chioppio - you must try this. The amount of seafood in there is ridiculous in a great way. We both came with appetites and really struggled to finish this fantastic gumbo.The crab, clams, muscles, shrimp, and scallops were not overdone and tasted wonderful. Make sure you are nice to the hostess - she is probably the owner and gives everyone free wine if you have to wait to be seated. This place really deserves the five stars. The next time I come to SF, Sotto Mare will be one of my first stops.
Food was pretty good, service ok. When my bf and I arrived it took almost 5 min for someone to acknowlege us. The staff kept walking by and didn't even stop to say something like " I'll be right with you in a moment." When we did finally sit, the waitress had us play musical tables, so they moved us since the table they sat us in was supposed to be for a large party. That was kind of annoying...Oysters were delish and so was my entree, lemon butter sole with capers. The bf had the seafood risotti which was ok. It's a little pricey here..we may go back and try the cioppino.
We went to Sotto Mare last October because I was set on having cioppino. We looked on Yelp and found that this place has won best cioppino multiple years in a row and decided to give it a try. I would recommend this place to ANYONE (permitting they aren't allergic to shellfish, and ENJOY seafood). Their cioppino was hands down probably the BEST thing I've ever ate. I tried making it once at home (completely failed), but I am so glad that i got to experience the real deal here!! We also got some oysters (very very good as well). This is a small restaurant with friendly staff, and delicious food. When I go back to San Fran, this place will be my first stop!
I'm quite sure the small number of negative reviews here are intended solely to keep this place a secret. The food is excellent and plentiful, the service is attentive, friendly and wonderfully helpful. The meals were representative of the coastal meals we ate in Istria, which is highly influenced by Italian and coastal cuisine. Fresh seafood and light, simple but flavorful sauces and preparations result in flavorful, filling meals that don't result in a bloated, sick feeling. I don't care for oysters, but I was told they were great, and wonderfully affordable. Someone mentioned the seemingly random mix of seafood items in the special - note, this is a 'fruite de mare' (various spellings) - it is intended to be a mix of what was fresh, what was caught this morning. It appears random, only because one cannot guess what will be caught, but there is a real purpose in it - a variety of flavors that are sure to be fresh.All in all, I haven't had a meal providing this much value in any city in a long time, much less right in a corner of North Beach that is becoming famous for over priced mediocrity.But please don't go there, I want to be able to get a table :-)
Came here for lunch last weekend and had some of the best seafood I've ever had! My husband and I shared the scallop platter and seafood risotto and they were both incredible. The scallops were huge and perfectly cooked and the risotto was filled with TONS of mussels, bay scallops, shrimp, clams and calamari. The staff was very accommodating and friendly. Next time I visit San Francisco I'll be sure to come back
Cioppino Cioppino Cioppino - Oh how I miss you!!! We read the yelp reviews on this amazing meal, and with our first night visiting we had to try it. I love yelp and the accuracy of yelper reviews!! The place is amazing and well worth the raves that it receives. We arrived around 6 on a Saturday - not too bad of a line we were probably the sixth in line. We hadn't even been there 5 minutes and was asked if we would like a glass of wine and if we would prefer red or white - amazing - wine while you wait and free!! We were seated about 10 minutes later at the counter and ordered a half east/west oysters - which was recommended by our waitress. By the way the staff is amazing - from the hostess who gave us wine to our waitress! We then ordered the Cioppino for two. This is seafood bliss in an amazing tomato based sauce. The seafood is fresh and great but what sets this dish apart is the sauce. Its flavored well and could seriously be put on anything and it would taste amazing. Great place, amazing service and such a great dinner!
This place is amazing. The food is ridiculously good, and made by friendly, awesome old Italian men who's only joy is to make sure you love their food and the fun, casual atmosphere that creates a love of life. I was blown away by this place. Take someone you love that appreciates wonderful italian seafood and people.
Let me just say, as an out-of-towner, this place left me with a fantastic impression of San Francisco. The food and general experience was simply wonderful. It felt like the entire staff was waiting on us since they all came by to chat and make sure we were enjoying our meal. Us Chicagoans had never even heard of Cioppino (no joke... I Google-ed it when we sat down with our menus) and the dish did not disappoint. I personally opted for some alfredo and it was among the best I have ever tried. Great wine, food and staff! Just loved it!
There were lines out the door when we arrived at 7:30 and still lines when we keft at 9:30 and the owner was as grumpy as everyone else said he was!  Sadly, the food is not what I hoped for.  The cioppino is full of seafood and a very large portion, but not as spicy or as tasty as i like it. The service is uneven and we received someone elses's order and when the waitress figured that out, she took the food and gave it to the next table!  We got stuck sitting in the basement which was also verystuffy and unpleasant!  A good bargain for what you get, but the food is not what it's cracked up to be.
This place seriously rocks!!!!!!!!! The best crab cioppino I have ever had (and that includes Phils Fish Market in Moss Landing). It was perfect. A touch of spice on the back of the tongue, and mounds of perfectly cooked seafood. I usually don't like mussels but these were so fresh and cooked perfectly, not too long and not too chewy and chalky like at other places. We also had the seafood risotto and that was great too. Nice and creamy with tons of seafood in it. we sat outside on a perfect sf day, it doesn't get much better than this. The only thing I would caution you on is to skip the valet service. Sitting outside we saw one of the employees do double duty and serve as the valet, but when trying to pull a car up he bumped into a truck in front of him!!!!
If you come here, sit at the bar near the back (if you don't mind being a little warm and sweaty by the end of your meal). Best seats in the house. You get to watch the guys cook up a storm, the waiters jockey for whose order it is that has just come up, the bantering, the bickering. They were not serving the mussels and steamers baskets, but there were mussels and steamers in the cioppino, as well as the seafood risotto and linguine, so I guess they underbought that day. I guess that's better than overbuying! We did have the scallop saute - lots of veggies on the side, piping hot and fresh scallops, plenty of butter and seaonings. We also had the sand dabs - I enjoyed those. Lightly breaded, hot and tender inside. Very generous with their sand dab portions! We also had the seafood risotto, and our friend who doesn't like risotto liked it a lot. Lots of seafood in it, too - no skimping here. Beverages are "here's the pitcher (or bottle) and pour it yourself" here. They have a small selection of wines - we went with the pinot grigio. Was decent, but I'm not much of a white wine person, so I'm not the best judge. This seems like a nice little neighborhood-y spot.
I got the west coast oysters on a half shell- they were so well priced at $1.50 each and very delicious. Got the steamed mussels- huge plate although didn't come with bread, weird. My friends got the crab cioppino. I am no doubt getting that next time. It's huge and definitely share-able.
Sotto Mare was a solid five starlet when I first visited last year some time after it first opened. It was a chilly night in late fall. My nose was running and my tummy ached with hunger. But once I warmed up with a bowl of clam chowder and a plate of crab loui, all that unpleasantness immediately evaporated. Last Friday's visit made me realize how much popularity this place has gained since that singular experience I had 9 months ago. This unfortunately, made the customer service suffer quite a bit. And the price has gone up as well--- No more $1oysters. Bummer. It was overall still a quite lovely experience as I had baccala for the first time, and it was yummy with bread. The cold beer and raw clams made a great combo, and that same ol' cup of clam chowder... very delish. Then the waitress had to rush us because we didn't order dinner entrees, in words such as "there are other people waiting to eat dinner here" (despite that our tab easily amounted to the normal dinner price for two, if not more)... Although the waitress seemed to have caught herself for being rude as she later attempted to salvage it by saying how much she appreciated our business, a tiny dent was made on their name.
I made reservations here for 15 people for my boyfriend's birthday, and they took care of us better than I had anticipated. I know sometimes it is difficult to deal with a big group, but the staff was so friendly, hospitable, and so attentive to our needs that I didn't really feel like we were in a restaurant, but more so at a loved one's house dinner party. The only reason why I'm not giving this place five stars is because the fettuccine with scallops was not as good as i remember it being-it was a little more bland this time around. But this time was the first time we tried their risotto and mussel and clam steamers, and all were amazing!! We started dipping our bread into the broth and eating it and it was a brilliant idea! And I still think their clam chowder is the best I have ever had (beating anywhere else in San Francisco and the multiple clam chowders I have tried in Boston), and I will definitely continue coming back here.
Don't waste your time at Fisherman's Wharf head to North Beach for Sotto Mare. Grazie, Gigi!
Triumphant cioppino. Not sure who we the competition was, but it definitely won. This was a just a quick lunch stop to abate the hungries at the North Beach festival. But it turned into a feast for two on the bottomless bowl of seafood and soup. It was magnificent and seemed ever-flowing. I look forward to returning for the rest of the menu, but definitely give this experience high marks.
Best chowder in the city!
Cioppino (for 2) was great, service was friendly... made us feel like family from the start. If I lived here I would be a regular.
Visiting the city and saw this was a well-reviewed local place. My friends and I loved this small, friendly place. We sat at the bar, drank some house red and ate loaves of bread.My fresh fish special was outstanding, just fresh fish cooked perfectly covered with garlic and olive oil. Our entire party was deeply satisfied with the food and we were so happy to have made the effort to find this place.Most highly recommended! Take the wait staff advice on the fresh fish selections and you can't go wrong.
This place was great! We had some oysters for an appetizer, which were delicious and fresh. Then the Cioppino and some pesto pasta. Both were very well done and delicious! We polished off the sauce from the cioppino, because, yes, it is worth it to the last drop! I would go here again in a heartbeat!
I had an out of town guest that wanted Italian/Seafood in North Beach that would not be too expensive and would not be packed full of tourists. I wondered if such a place existed in North Beach. I was so glad to find this little gem on yelp, here is the scoop:Decor - Delightfully tacky. Loved the model ships above the kitchen, the hanging dried monk fish and the famous italian mobsters poster.Service - Very friendly and fast. It was a slow night for them and we showed up well after the rush so that probably helped. The waitress was well versed on the menu and provided great recommendations. Food - Pretty damn good. Started off with oysters, yum!! Nice and plump and juicy!! I had the linguine w/ seafood and it was delish. Lots of calamari and shrimp, a few clams and mussels tossed in. The white sauce was nice and buttery without being too heavy or creamy. A friend of mine had the sand dabs. The portion was huge but the flavor did not knock my socks off. I prefer my sand dabs just a little more breaded and cooked slightly crisper. My other friend had the crab cioppino.. wow! Great flavor, lots of crab and other goodies and the portion is huge... seriously, share this with 2 peeps, I think it is too big for one. Overall - Take your friends to this place!!!
I feel like I need to come back here and give this place another try because, maybe we didn't do things quite right on our trip here? We came in at 4PM (the place was empty and the waitress was clearly not pleased that we were disturbing her "downtime"), we didn't order the cioppino (got the seafood pasta - good, not great, the salmon, and the flounder - the veggies were boring and where was the starch?) Just very underwhelming. I'd like to give it another shot, but it's not high enough on my list of things-to-do to really bother with that now.
Classic old time North Beach vibe. No trendy vibe here. Great, basic,no frills seafood. The owner has been part of the neighborhood scene forever and it shows.
I have only been here once and this time solely based upon the great reviews here on Yelp. Invited a French friend who was visiting the city for a late lunch. Thought we might capitalize on the very first day of the local crab season -- but the first boats had not yet come back to port. So we opted for the Washington crab salad that they had. And as the big guy working the counter promised, it was very good.Will go back again.
Hands down the BEST cioppino in town!! I come here just for the cioppino. The service is great they waitress is very friendly. The seafood is super fresh. I don't have a single negative thing to say about this place.
went here with 2 friends. There was a short wait when we got there but the woman at the front gave us each a complimentary glass of wine while we waited - nice touch! Once we were seated the waitress was very friendly. I got the dish that is like a bunch of little fried fish finger things, they were pretty good, but not spectacular (which is what I was expecting after reading these yelp reviews). One of my friends got the seafood raviolis and they were so good! They come in a cream sauce, which I'm not normally a fan of, but by having just a couple of my friend's raviolis I was jealous of her dish. I could taste the shrimp! The bottomless bread basket was also nice :) In summary, I suggest the seafood raviolis. And if you don't like cream sauce, maybe ask for it with red sauce even though they don't recommend it?
service was nice and friendly.risotto and cioppino were good.clam chowder was good.mussels were ok.it wasnt the best seafood i had but i would definitely come back.it was also a free meal for me since my friend lost a bet so that made it great!
oh man cioppino here is SO good here! i've had cioppino at several places... but i think i liked sotto mare's version the best! i like it more than tadich grill because it tasted fresher and more sea-food like. also maybe because the atmosphere was more of a dive-y seafood joint and you know those places always have the best tasting food! cioppino DEFINITELY fills up two people... especially with the free bread and butter they give you!anyways me and my boyfriend also shared fresh raw oysters on the half shell which were delicious as well!i also liked how comfortable it was there... they have self serve water pitchers and you grab your own paper towels from the roll... haha. but i must say the bathroom is very different from the casual atmosphere that the restaurant offered! it was very modern haha.anyways i TOTALLY will come back for cioppino. SO yummy.
waitress (bloated middle-aged woman with a serious attitude problem) tried to overcharge us. our bill was about $300 but she tried to charge about $350. she got angry when we wondered if she did it on purpose or not. i said, "please don't get mad, it's my birthday." she said, "i don't care if it's your goddamn birthday." food is good but not so awesome that they can treat people like this. they just don't care; it's a tourist trap and they'll always have lines out the door.
Extra star for nice people working there, but the food was not just for me.The day of my visit, the restaurant had run out of raw oysters and clams, so my judgment is based upon their fish dip/appetizer, fish entree and pasta w/ seafood. My problem was that all of them were too light on seafood, camouflaged by excess oil and carb. For example, the fish entree was cut really thin but had been pan fried with oil and breading to make it somewhat substantial. Same with the fish appetizer -- I couldn't figure out how it could have been the fish when it was all pureed, mixed with other ingredients, and drenched in oil.Perhaps their raw items are better, but then I think I'd go elsewhere if no cooking is involved.
I'd never eaten sand dabs before; prior to eating at Sotto Mare, Ringo told me that they're very bad for you. Couldn't give me a reason why he just "had heard" That really convinced me to try em and I'm glad I did! Tasty little buggers for sure. (They could've been road kill and I wouldn't have cared, they were soooooooooooo good) We've been there twice now and they treat us like family. Our friends( Dave's the one who looks like Tom Selleck in the photos) are well known at Sotto Mare for dancing on the tabletops, when we went we didn't get that silly. Maybe next time!
If you and love shellfish, then this is the place for you. Make a reservation though, this place is tiny! Great service too!Cioppini is the reason to go here. If you are not going to have that, then don't go. My wife ate the crab cioppini, which after doing some research, is a San Francisco original dish. It had half a cracked crab, muscles, calamari, and other shellfish in it. It was large, hot, and in a tomato broth. It looked and smelled wonderful. She ate it with relish, and she said it was her favorite meal of the trip.I had the sand dabs. They are a good, small fish, and they give you a ton. It was too greasy though. I wouldn't go back myself, but I can't eat shellfish. They do not offer dessert, but instead referred us to a great gelato place around the corner.
I don't like seafood. I came here because the people I was with wanted seafood. Still, I had the linguine with alfredo and it was absolutely amazing. I finished every bite. Will be back, even without seafood lovers, so that I can have the linguine. Really nice people too, and pretty decent prices.
Overall pretty good, somehow I expected more based on the number and level of the ratings. Of course all rave about the cioppino but that dish is a biggie for 2 and I was all by myself. Waa. I ordered the Halibut with garlic and olive oil, and it was pretty good. Fresh. Also I started off with some west coast oysters, and I enjoyed those. Smallish, is that why the east coast oysters are more pricey? A couple of nice ladies next to me at the bar had Sand Dabs filets, and shared some with me. I thought it was pretty bland and uninspired in terms of the preparation. Yes they got some of my Halibut in exchange, they made out good on the trade. Veg on the side included brussel sprouts which were edible and actually quite tasty. That says something as usually I wouldn't be touching brussel sprouts. A bit of chianti to go along with it all, good coversation with the ladies, all in all a pretty good experience!
Upgrading to five stars after my last visit - I am now fully, 100% convinced of the awesome-ness that is Sotto Mare. You really can't go wrong here, as long as you know what to expect (see original review). I am in LOVE with cioppino. LoveLoveLove.
Clam chowder was magnificent. Rich, creamy, and chock full of clams! A cup of it was a perfect start to the meal on a chilly San Francisco night, though I wish I had ordered a whole bowl. The sand dabs were perfectly cooked and the portion was very generous for the price. Lightly breaded and simply seasoned, the sand dabs were lightly pan fried and served with steamed veggies and a lemon wedge. Perfection. The linguine with chef's choice of seafood was a bit heavy on the cream sauce, but very flavorful and had an unctuous briny finish. Its was loaded with clams, mussels, shrimp, bay scallops, and calamari. I could have used less calimari which tends to get rubbery when heated too long, a fate that had befallen my scallops and shrimp in this dish. The service was very informal but pleasant - much like eating at home which was super nice. The only downside was the chatty male proprietor who stayed beyond his welcome - othewise a satisfying Italian seafood meal in NB without the tourist trap prices!
Holy mother, the cioppino was AMAZING!! If there were more stars I would give it more. The seafood was so fresh and the owner/manager even gave us a complementary bottle of wine. Great food, great service, I'm addicted!
On our first trip to California, my husband and I were looking to try all of the local favorites. We had heard that cioppino was a northern California specialty and searched Yelp for any restaurant that served it. Sotto Mare came up as highly recommended and with good reason. Unfortunately they don't take reservations for parties under 3, but we went there hoping to get seated anyway. Luckily, we were the last name on their walk-in list. We sat outside and the staff talked to us through the window like we'd known them for years. The menu says the cioppino is enough for two but we couldn't help ordering a cup of chowder (delicious!) and seafood risotto. The "Best Damn Crab Cioppino" is as advertised. There is so much fresh seafood, you will finish this no matter how full you are. But the real star of the meal was the risotto. It is possibly the most delicious thing either one of us has ever tasted. The menu says chef's choice and I guess he was feeling generous because it was jam packed with mussels, shrimp, scallops, crab and clams. I really can't say enough about it. If you're in San Francisco, just go to Sotto Mare and wait as long as you have to to get in-- it's more than worth the wait!
The reviews of this place was off the charts. It was my buddies 32nd Birthday and the man loves seafood, so we decided to come here. With so much excitement, we had to make a RESERVATION. We were running a little late so we changed our reservation from 8:30 to 9:00pm. We ended up arriving at 8:30, but we all know how parking is, so I dropped of the misses and friend and proceeded to find parking. After I found parking a get a call from the misses informing me that the waitresses were RUDE. The waitresses ignored her and made them wait a couple of minutes, before they greeted her. This then lead to the next encounter of RUDENESS; my girlfriend informs them that we have a reservation and the waitress hands her the menus and says " Table 3". (How was my girlfriend suppose to know where table3 is?), Lucky the place was not that big, so she found the table. So here I come 10 minutes later; a little agitated and I enter. I stood there to WAIT TO BE SEATED (thats what you do at Restaurant....if I recall) and the waitresses don't even acknowledge me. I wait for about 15 seconds and still no acknowledgment.. I see the misses and seated myself. I waited 10-15 minutes to give the waitresses the opportunity to REDEEM themselves but to no avail. They must have passed my 6 times until I heard " tonight s special was black cod"....and I didn't remember the rest because I was so DISAPPOINTED, in this place....with all the great reviews.The waitresses seemed annoyed with us and more tuned into to other customers. There were 2 waitresses and 1 bus girl who was the most attentive and sweetest of them all. she gave us more bread and water when ever we were low. Other than that we were invisible, they might as well have put us in the back with the way they were treating us.FOOD:Appetizer: West coast Oyster - 5/5Raw clams: 3/5Smoke Salmon: 3/5Entrees:Crab cioppini - excellent but a little too salty 5/5Linguine with Manila Clams: 4/5Linguine with Seafood:5/5Overall the food is great!!! But the service makes the food taste like crap, In hindsight, even McDonalds has better service .......there you have 16-18 year teenagers working and they all know how to greet customers with a "HI, WELCOME TO McDOANLDS, what can I get for you". Hope you all have a better experience then we did.
This is my first review as a Yelper after using the service for a few months as a reader only.I had a work colleague in the Bay Area from Tampa and wanted to try someplace that had Cioppino on the menu. I did a few quick searches online and we settled on Sotto Mare. It was a Saturday night and we had no reservation as we weren't sure if my colleague liked seafood.I had the address in the car GPS and when arrived in the correct street we couldn't see a restaurant called Sotto Mare. After looking more closely we realized the place at the address is called Gigis or something like that. It is still the same restaurant, but seems to have been renamed. Anyway I think from memory the name Sotto Mare is still shown someplace on the outside up high.My wife jumped out of the car to see how long the wait was and the host said we could be seated immediately outside, otherwise they had no idea when a table would become free inside. We elected to sit outside and while I went to park the car, three seats at the bar opened up and we were immediately offered these instead. Given my colleague is from Tampa, we thought it best to head inside due to his aversion to the cold weather!BTW there is off-street valet parking across the street from the restaurant that cost $20 and was open until 2am. Much easier than trying to find street parking in that area.Anyway we sat at the bar way down the back in front of the two chefs and were immediately presented with an excellent show of cooking right in front of us. The openness of the kitchen facilities added to the enjoyment of the night.The hostess presented us with the specials and we went ahead and ordered. I went with the Linguini with Manila Clams, my colleague ordered the Linguini with Seafood and my wife ordered the Cioppino.I chose the Linguini with Clams as it is one of my favorite dishes and I wanted to use it as a comparison dish. Well I can tell you now I was NOT disappointed, even though I am sure it had some cream in the sauce, which I am not a big fan of (I prefer a simpler white wine based sauce) I enjoyed the dish. There were a LOT of clams in the dish and the taste of the garlic in the cream sauce was sublime.All three of us thoroughly enjoyed our meals and we got to each taste some of the Cioppino as the serving size was too big for my wife. The only slight negative I could add is that I would have liked to see some toasted sourdough bread with the Cioppino, but other than that I have no complaints.The feel of the place is friendly and laid back and the staff made us feel welcome. The food was excellent and Sotto Mare is now one of our go-to restaurants when we have friends visit from Australia.BTW I have only given 4-stars as even though we enjoyed the food and will definitely go back, I don't think the place is perfect and I will reserve 5-star reviews for places I feel have no room for improvement.***Update - After spending some time reading other reviews for this place and others I can see the use of 5-stars is quite liberal. Therefore I feel I need to bump my review an extra star as I was very happy with the experience.
My BF and I were on vacation and saw the awesome Yelp reviews and decided to stop here for lunch on a beautiful Friday. The staff was so sweet, quick and attentive. The place was so beautiful, we sat outside and was greeted by the sweetest lady! We had the seafood risotto and the seafood linguine. The seafood was fresh and the taste was amazing. My BF has been to Italy and he said this food was comparable if not better than he had there! For those who are like me and care whether or not the restrooms were clean I have to say YES! It was an awesome modern bathroom with a skylight...Super clean too! I would recommend his place to anyone looking for spectacular Italian food. We will definitely be back soon! Btw, the East coast oysters were better than the west coast but both were yummy.
The food was very good. I'd give at least 4 stars for the food and 1-2 stars for the service if done separately. I agree that the cioppino was a little pricey at $33 but it's really a meal for two, if not an appetizer for a table of 4-6. Ideally should have a little less pasta as a filler and more meat but it was delicious, it really doesn't matter.Our table loved the grilled fish dish, the scallops and clams. The pasta was great but here lies the problem. Two of our party ordered the pasta with pomodoro sauce. What they got was clearly a pink sauce. We had seen the pomodoro sauce on other tables and it was so red and chunky with tomatos, one of our friends actually thought that it was a bolognese sauce at first.  We asked two servers if there was a mistake and were told that no mistake was made...one kid actually informed us that pomodoro was "Italian for tomato" which really didn't get to the heart of a matter but did amuse us as a table with mainly Italian-Americans. The funny thing though is that the "pink sauce" was so good, that no one was really that bummed out. It may sound like I'm being picky but the service, after a decent start, just wasn't good and the fact that the tip was included in the bill already (party of 6) and our Boston accents marked as an unlikely regulars sealed the deal.
Walk in to a long narrow restaurant and let your eyes adjust from the sunlight. The walls are filled with fishy and Italian paraphernalia, the air is scented with garlic and lemon. Plates of large servings of linguine with seafood float by. We settled on the cioppino (enough for two) and monkfish in a simple but well executed tomato caper sauce. Of course we sampled a starter, Oyster shooters are a STAND OUT. Try them if you begin to salivate about fresh west coast oysters in soju, tomato juice laced with horseradish. We would definitely go back and try more of the simple but satisfying menu.
so for the past couple of months i have heard nothing but good about this place. recommendations from friends, family, coworkers you name it, and the cioppino was at the top of their list. so i finally found myself here tonight and was so so excited to try this famed cioppino that i talked a friend out of the sand dabs. whoops because those looked delish! now granted, i am not a huge seafood eater. so when i saw tentacles floating in oily tomato broth i wasnt so excited. i forged on. i tried a little of everything like a good girl. the scallops were amazing. ahhmazing. the crab was good, but a huge, messy pain in the ass. the broth was, like i said, way too oily. the mussels and clams ..as i so eloquently put it "taste like fishermans wharf." bleck. now on to the good stuff!thanks to my fellow diners ordering a ton of stuff i got to sample the clam chowder and bay shrimp cocktail and they were delicious. all in all? the food was pretty ok but way overpriced. im not letting the fact that i dont love eating sea creatures cloud my judgement! the place is kitschy, kinda cute? the staff is friendly and helpful. i would probably not go out of my way to go back, but it would be a good spot to take out-of-towners to.
This place won't win awards for its decor. But we had a terrific dinner here recently. The hostess seated us at the counter and we enjoyed watching the cooks prepare all the dishes. We ordered the prawn cocktail and the specialty, crab cioppino. The cioppino had crabs, shrimp, mussels, clams, calamari and bay scallops. It was in a red sauce over penne. My wife and I devoured the cioppino. We brought our own wine and were charged a mere $10 corkage fee. Wonderful night.
A must. Great food, great atmosphere, fresh seafood. Thanks Glenn!!
One word: best cioppino ever.Okay, that wasn't one word but you get the idea. It really is a must-try item among the variety of tasty dishes they serve here.
Sotto Mare serves up some of the best seafood I have ever had! In addition to the amazing quality of food, the prices are surprisingly reasonable. I dined here early on a week night, so I received the full attention of the entire staff... which was a nice perk. I had the sand dabs, as they were recommended by the owner and because its a local dish. We also had the prawn cocktail and some oysters for an appetizer. Everything was very fresh, and tasted great. Now that I am a North Beach resident I will definitely be coming back to Sotto Mare the next time I have a taste for seafood.
I was taken here for a late birthday dinner. I am really glad we came here. I was concerned that it would be cramped since the pictures show a pretty small place and the reviews are among the best on Yelp. But we came in at about 5:10 and it was pretty empty. Even by the time we finished about an hour later it wasn't full at all.We started off with some $1 oysters. Well, not some. Two dozen. Probably the most oysters I have eaten in one sitting. And then we both got fish. I got the cod and my dining companion got the sand dabs. Both were delicious but I especially liked the sauce that I had. And the veggies were delicious, too. I could have eaten a whole plate of veggies for dinner.We got a bottle of wine with dinner which went really well.Service was good and our waitress was actually a real person. That is, you could tell she was being herself and didn't just have her waitress personality on.My only complaint is that my butt kinda hurt from the stool. But I'll definitely be coming back, if for nothing else to get some oysters on the cheap.
I made a reservation for a small group on a recent Saturday night. We walked in and walked right out. The place smelled fishy and like heavy fried food. Also, it was sandwiched between a few boisterous bars crawling with college-age kids... not our style at all. The food gets rave reviews, but we couldn't stand the musty fried fish smell long enough to find out.
Go here, go here again, and go again. I am a picky seafood eater and SM has outstanding food that's prepared very well. I ordered the monk fish on the recommendation of a fellow patron.  Great sauce to enhance the flavor of the fish along with capers.
Order the CIOPPINO and you can't go wrong. $27 for an order, you it feeds 2! There was an overabundance of seafood (they told us a half crab, but I swear there was way more) and the sauce had a nice kick to it. Also, theoutdoor seating at the front of the restaurant was great for people watching.
Let me start by saying that the cioppino is still very tasty, though not as phenomenal as I remembered. But the experience tonight SUCKED. Granted, my day was already pretty bad, but my splurge here was supposed to fix that, not make it worse.Here's the deal: Today is Saturday and I, a night person, had to get up at 7:30 am for a final exam. Sucks, right? Add to that it's my f'n birthday and I have 2 bigass finals left for which to study= crap. So, I'm feeling sorry for myself, can't really celebrate my bday cuz of the studying thing, but decide to give myself the gift of good food. Mind you, this has been my worst semester yet.Okay, so I go to Sotto Mare, still quite early (5:30). Dining alone, I'm seated right away. Apparently by the owner. I tell him I know I want the cioppino. He takes the menu and walks away. A server comes up a little while later and asks if I want anything and I tell her I've ordered. Fast forward (slooooowly) a 1/2 hour. No cioppino, restaurant has filled up, and everyone around that arrived AFTER me has received their food. This includes guys seated next to me getting a bowl of cioppino. I bring this to the server's attention. She goes to the end of the counter with another server, and I watch as they converse with a cook, look for a ticket, and look over at me to see if I'm watching. Um, yes, I am. It appeared that they hoped I would NOT know what was going on. But seeing me looking right at them, server returns and says it's going to be just a little while longer. I say "you don't even have my order in there, do you?" No, they did not. She tried to pass the buck, saying she just got on shift. She asked if an older guy took my order. Yes, he did. Oh, well that's the owner and he doesn't put in orders. What?! So, does it not strike them as odd that I've been sitting there for a 1/2 hour, asked if I want anything, told them I already ordered, but never got any food?!Here's the part I REALLY disagree with; the server kept trying to act like she wasn't responsible, she told me it would "only" be another 10 minutes, and then walked away without offering to get me anything/asking me if I would LIKE her to get me anything, in the interim. What? I even told her I was there for my birthday. Why? Because she was so unapologetic about the fuck up, that I thought maybe that would make her think a little bit. Nope.So, after 5 more minutes of waiting, I ask a busser for the owner. He goes to the server. And she comes back and says the owner may have left. I ask her to check. THEN she asks if I would like a glass of wine (apparently comped). But only after I ask to speak with owner and tell her I think her way of dealing with the fuck up (didn't use those words) was abysmal.The owner comes over, tries to make light of it, says he doesn't put in orders,that when he took the menu away (after I told him I would like the cioppino), the servers must've assumed I'd ordered (I had!), and -ha ha- now I'd be so hungry I'd eat the whole serving. So funny.Okay, well, got the cioppino. It was good. As great as remembered? No. And I have had horrible heartburn all night. It does taste good, but not good enough to pay $35 (says $33 on line, but it's gone up) and deal with that kind of "service."No thanks. Oh, and I posted on Facebook for advice on what kind of tip to leave after all that. So server, if you're reading, your $1.03 tip was the percentage recommended to me by others. I always tip a minimum of 20%. But I guess you were the exception.
We had the seafood risotto and pasta. Food was not bad. Service of the hostess and servers were not very pleasant. We had reservations but still had to wait 30 min. After getting seated, we felt really rushed by the server. We spent less than 1 hour total at the table which is record time for any restaurant dinner. For average food, I would not put up with all of that.
After reading reviews here, I was dying to try this place.On Sat around 5:30 pm, we walked in without a reservation. Since it was still early in the evening, we were able to get a large table. Between two of us, we had oysters, clam chowder, the famous Crab Cioppino.  - Oysters were so fresh and delicious, yet amazingly the price was very reasonable.- Clam chowder was creamy with more clams than potato chunks. I can't stand clam chowders with more potato- isn't that potato soup?- Crab Cioppino was the best cioppino I've ever tasted! Crab, fish, squid, pasta, etc. were all cooked to perfection. None of the ingredients were overcooked or undercooked. The sauce/broth was excellent with just right seasoning. I think this is the first Italian restaurant I didn't find dishes to be overly salty. - Service was awesome. Their house wine was awesome too. I wonder what they are...I hate to live so far away from this awesome restaurant :(
Delicious Crab Cioppino, good wine, great service. Highly recommend if you like seafood and love Italian! Definitely has "New York" feel to it.
Love this place! Perfect old school North Beach atmosphere. We went right after happy hour, before it got too crowded, because I'm always a step ahead of everyone else. (Or perhaps I'm prematurely heading into Early Bird Senior Special territory and will soon be eating at Denny's at 4pm. Yikes.)Anyway, I highly recommend the sand dabs and the linguini with seafood. Particularly good to eat family style if your group is into that. (And if they're not, get a new group.)Almost took one star off because you have to sit on backless stools, then realized it's only a problem because I'm a big tall dude. Littler folks seemed to have no problem.Friendly service, great atmosphere, excellent!
After reading reviews and checking out pictures, we couldn't come here and not order the ciopinno. There's not much I can say that hasn't been said already. It's a huge bowl of thick, creamy tomato sauce loaded with seafood and penne. Ordered a half size penne with pesto which was some of the best I've ever had. I dream of this pesto. Seriously. I would recommend making a reservation. We didn't and waited maybe 30 minutes. Also mentioned by every other reviewer here-the hostess. She's a lovely lady ready to stick a complementary glass of wine in your hand practically the moment you walk in the door, and yes, she runs a tight ship. Anyone giving one star and acting all offended has obviously never met an Italian woman before. Not everyone in this world exists to kiss your butt so just hang in tight, get on her good side and you'll have a table, wine, and some of the best seafood in the city in no time.
To warn you, they are super picky about which stools are at which table. There are four different stools at each table and if one is out of place, you get scolded. That's what happened to us - someone had switched the chairs on us and we got blamed for it. This all happened in the first five minutes of our visit. The restaurant was really empty (it was a Wednesday) and besides our party of 2, there were 3 other people sitting at the counter - that's it. The waitress we had was friendly though.Now onto the food; we ordered:1/2 dozen raw oysters - $1.25 eachCup of clam chowder - $4Crab Louis salad - $19Grilled sand dabs - $16Bass draft beer - $5The oysters were great - very fresh tasting. They were of medium size. I was disappointed that they raised their prices. According to previous reviews, they were only supposed to be a $1, but on our visit, they had been raised to $1.25.The clam chowder was very average. Nothing special at all.The Crab Louis was one of the most pathetic salads I have ever seen. Don't get me wrong - there was an ample portion of crab on it, but the salad consisted of a bed of watery iceberg lettuce. That's it. Iceberg lettuce. It came with a side of thousand island dressing. But for $19, I figured they could have added some tomatoes or something.The grilled sand dabs was the best dish of the night and it was pretty damn good. The fish tasted great - it was perfectly lightly fried and not greasy at all. It was absolutely boneless and tender. The side of grilled zucchini it came with was fabulous. I don't know what sort of seasoning they used, but it was delicious.Overall, this restaurant is ok. The prices are high although it is an all-seafood menu and I understand seafood ain't cheap. I really did like the sand dab/zucchini entree.
Friendly service, lively atmosphere, fresh food and generous portions...this place is excellent if you're craving a casual but delicious Italian seafood feast!A word of warning, though...this isn't the place to go when you want a light seafood supper on a warm evening. This is some hearty, hardcore stuff!I ordered the crab cioppino, which I imagined would be a bowl of seafood pieces in a light tomato-based broth. Instead, they brought out a huge, lidded tureen heavy with tons of fish, calamari, clams, mussels and HALF A DUNGEONESS CRAB studding a thick, buttery tomato sauce. It was absolutely delicious, but got a bit overwhelming toward the end...I reluctantly passed it off to my BF to finish up.He got a huge plate of steamed mussels in the richest, creamiest sauce ever...it was creamy, pale yellow and incredibly flavorful...perfect for dipping that crusty bread. One of our friends ordered the sand dabs -- they were very fresh and the thin slices of fish that were lightly breaded and fried. The food was so rich that I felt as though I'd eaten pasta and a steak by the end of the meal. "But it was just some seafood," I told myself...which'll be my excuse for polishing off an entire order of cioppino next time.
I love this place, Hands down the best cioppino, and clam chowda I've ever had..
Earlier comment about this place being ugly is absurd! It's rustic and that's part of the charm. Places like this are few and far between. Sotto Mare is amazing! The food is delicious and the service was more than fabulous! I can't believe I have not discovered this place before. Can't wait to go back.
For seafood in SF, this place is not too shabby... It's fresh and service is great! Gigi is fun, and definitely puts everyone in their place in a playful way.We were heading to Cobbs afterwards, were seeking a place to try within walking distance. Reservation seating was on time, always a plus!The food though is good and hearty. You can go wrong on seafood, too many spices to cover the funk or just plain dry. I'd go back if I was in the North Beach area looking for something good...as we know most of the places in the 'hood are tourist traps.The water was great!  :)
Best cioppino in San Francisco!!! We ate the entire bowl.Super sweet, family owned business with outdoor seating. Choose from east or west coast oysters. The oyster shooters are a must!
What a fantastic experience. My date and I met here after work yesterday. We were greeted as soon as we walked in the door.Started with the oysters ( yes the is $1 an oyster), a cup of the most amazing clam chowder I have had besides mine only $4, then a half cracked crab $8. I love their cocktail sauce it even came with the cracked crab. It is a large space. Everyone there is super friendly, a really fun bunch. Whenever I see a long counter all I think is I hope there are hooks and YES! there was hooks. The wine list is very basic and affordable. tip: If you have say like 20 friends that would like to meet there, you can call up and make arrangements. Again it is counter service but a great place to bring a group. Be prepared to be friendly and yuk it up with the other local patrons. I love this place.
SEAFOOD is Miss Ce's friend. I love it... love it so much I can eat it all day, everyday, anyday... seriously!CLAM CHOWDER is so delicious just writing about it makes my mouth water. I actually want to walk down to Sotto Mare right after I write this review and get a cup of chowder to-go. Only $4 for a cup (1 scoop) and $6 for a bowl (2 scoops). The oysters are good also, clean and fresh for only $1 each! Even though many people do not know about this "little North Beach gem," it can get pretty crowded for dinner because they usually just sit customers at the oyster bar, rarely any table service. Go to Sotto Mare and prepare to get your hands dirty and your belly full of good seafood :-)!
When I called in my to-go order and was greeted with "BUONGIORNO! SOTTO MARE!" I knew I was in for a treat.I got the combination louie salad, which came with fresh picked dungeness crab (no krab here!), shrimp, and prawns. The fresh seafood was the star of the show, placed over a bed of fresh iceberg and a tangy louie dressing on the side. They also gave me a ginormous hunk of fresh, crusty French bread on the side.Simple yet absolutely excellent. My bill came out to $13 which, for the freshness, deliciousness, and generous portion size, was completely reasonable.Friendly staff and VERY quick service!
Words cannot describe how much I love this place but here's a shot at it. Located in North Beach, Sotto Mare perfectly captures the neighborhood's lively atmosphere. It is very small so call in ahead of time or be prepared to wait for a table. As for the food, you really can't go wrong with anything on the menu - I've personally tried the cioppino, risotto, and seafood linguini. The servings are very generous so don't worry about leaving with an empty stomach. The wait staff is very friendly and animated. Don't be scared off by the owner Gigi!
This place truly deserves ZERO stars. I'll keep it short. Kitchen Nightmare.. I'm Calling for Gordon Ramsey!
YUM!  Sotto Mare is a casual (I'm talking paper towels instead of napkins casual) seafood restaurant in the heart of North Beach. I had the sand dabs that fellow yelpers were raving about, and they did not disappoint. It was a huge portion of, uh, well, sand dabs (not much else) and was absolutely scrumptious. Also loved that they tied a huge bib around my husband for his ginormous cioppino dish.  I knocked one star because my sister's scallops were overcooked and a little rubbery. Although I have to say, I've never had a cooked bay scallop that wasn't rubbery.
As tourists, we were a little hesitant to eat here as it does not have the greatest curb appeal. But we did and loved it. I ordered the Monk fish and it was one of the best fish meals I've ever had. Unfortunately my wife thought her dish was just average, thus the 4 stars and not 5.
I had the biggest feast here with my boyfriend for our anniversary, and it was delicious. To start we had the clam chowder, the smoked salmon and some west coast oysters. No complaints, and yes the clam chowder is divine, and exactly what you want on a chilly evening! For our main course we shared the crab cioppino, another absolutely tasty delight. There was more than enough for the two of us and plenty of seafood, and we even enjoyed mopping up the sauce with our left over bread. At $27 for the big dish of stew it is great value for your money. Overall the prices are good, and the staff very helpful. The restaurant was very quiet when we first arrived, but then again it was 7:30pm on a Wednesday night, but by the time we left it was buzzing! For good seafood at a reasonable rate, I would definitely recommend this place!
Definately worth it , great food , great service. What else do you need
Nice ambiance and seafood pasta
Great place. Good food. Good service. Get there early or make reservations though.  Clam chowder is marginal. Scomas is better. Not sure what people are raving about. Bread was good. I had the smoked salmon in pink sauce and friend had linguine and clams and white sauce.  I took one star off because the waiter spilled 7UP all over my lap. I'm not taking the star off because he made a mistake. I'm taking the star off because he didn't even offer to comp the 7UP. :)
Dined here with a friend local to North Beach on his recommendation. Easily the best Cioppino I've ever had. Enough for two and PLENTY for the solo seafood connosoir with an appetite, the silver pot you're presented with is loaded with jumbo shrimp, bay shrimp, 1/2 a dungeness crab, clams, oysters, salmon, calamari (rings and tentacles), bay scallops, penne pasta, and the most delicious tomato base (medium thickness) I've ever had. I highly recommend this little, unassuming restaurant to anyone who wants some fantastic fresh bay seafood while in SF! Also, I encourage anyone dining here to make frequent use of their parmesan cheese shakers - they're filled with Reggiano freshly grated from an 80lb wheel on-site!
This place came highly recommended to me by many friends who have lived in North Beach for many years. I took my mom here and we had a great time. The food was AMAZING. The seafood was very fresh. She had the sand dabs (quite tasty), I had the shrimp scampi/sautee (truly heavenly), and my friend had bay scallops with a pasta and cream sauce ( also pretty great). We all had a cup of the clam chowder, which i typically cannot stand, and I was a convert! So delicious! Great waiters, quirky ambiance, and all in all a great experience. I've been back many times and take all my visitors.
The best Cioppino on the planet!!! I love this restaurant.
A long marble counter houses a friendly staff behind it. They serve $1 oysters, $8 half cracked crab and Italian beers. The couple sitting next to me each ordered the crab louie salad (but honestly, it's enough big to split generously) and the special of the day which was sand dabs and roasted asparagus (again, big enough to share). Great quality, quantity and price. A for sure best bet. But look carefully, because this place is easy to pass by.Interesting fact:They share restrooms with the wine bar next door, complete with black toilets. I don't know why that bugs me.
It really should be called Forte Mare! Gigi is the loudest and most insane restaurant owner I have met in a long time. And I say that in the best possible way. We had a blast eating there and watching him yell at the other patrons for eating their food the wrong way. He even came around the counter and showed a fellow diner how to eat his Sand Dabs. Hilarious!So towards the end of the evening he puts on the beautiful Italian guitar music really loud and starts translating the words to everyone. Of course I broke out the lighter, which prompted him to turn down the lights and we all had a stadium moment. Oh yeah, and the food is fantastic, but that's already been covered by everyone else.
First of all, I am NOT a fan of seafood. I went to appease my parents who love seafood. It was between lunch and dinner and nobody was there. The owner seemed really put off, bordering rude. I'm glad we stuck it out because we all enjoyed some great fresh fish, and the owner actually chatted with us quite a bit. He's a confident man who knows he's got a good thing! Inside is nothing to write home about, but you're getting today's fresh fish for a reasonable price.
took a weekend trip up to SF and wanted some ghood seafood and did I ever find it!Greeted by GiGi the owner, who is quite the character by the way. Place was hoppin' busy but we were seated within 3 minutes. It's a small quaint place with great energy. the smell of the food is "Bam" right in your face and it is something special! I decided to go with the clam chowder, salad and seafood risotto .Chowder: frickin amazin!Seafood Risotto: absolutely deliciousSalad: lackluster at best( but the main dishes are so damn good i could have cared less) salad was comprised of lettuce, tomato, and dressing which was real blue cheese by the way if thats any consulation.Anyways the food and atmosphere are well worth a visit and they give you huge proportions, so go hungry. I will be going back the next time I'm there so i can taste the famed Cioppino and Sand Dabs both of which looked and smelled incredible. (i was seated at the bar next to the kitchen so i got to witness the magic as it happened)If you are in the Bay, make a trip to Sotto Mare. Oh PS i think they are closed on Sunday. Enjoy.
Seriously the cioppino is insane. We came just for that and it was well worth the hype!  Huge amount of seafood and it is definitely enough for 2 people. What is great about this cioppino is that the sauce is nice and thick. It's not a brothy cioppino which why it is one of the best I've ever had. We can't wait to come back in the fall and try it on a nice cold day.
Was a pretty cold day. Unfortunately the restaurant thought it was ok for it to also be equally cold in the restaurant... Plus, I was sitting on a metal chair, which didn't help. I was thinking about taking off a star here just for the discomfort factor, but that seems mean, so I didn't. * Clam chowder was very good. Got a nice big bowl, too. * Raw oysters and clams, also very good. * Cracked crab, decent but not special. * Special of sand dabs with roasted squash was surprisingly expensive ($18) and was just battered and pan-fried... not that special. * Wait staff quite friendly, a little quirky, but it's fun. * Got cherries for (free?) dessert. Yum. Almost made up for the cold temperatures :)Conclusion: go for the chowder and the oysters. But don't go for dinner, and don't go unless it's warm outside.
Super yummy cioppino, that's all we ordered after we saw it being served to several tables while waiting in line to be seated. The host was terrific, she did a great job juggling all the people streaming in to get on the list, and gave us free glasses of red wine while we waited. We were so excited to sit at the bar and watch the action in the kitchen, but then when it was our turn to be seated, we were led downstairs to a dining area we didn't realize existed (they must open it up when there is a long wait as there was on that night), but it reminds me of the basement of a dated Chinese restaurant or something. That's the only reason for the four stars instead of five, the decrease in ambiance when sitting in the basement dining room. Next time, we'll tell the host we'll wait longer for a seat at the bar. The food, however, was amazing. I can't wait to go back to have cioppino again and also to try some of the other things on the menu!
Ok, this is my third review ever! I tend to only write reviews if the place is amazing or my experience was completely different than what the restaurant's rated at.Sotto Mare was freakin' amazing. The house was packed and we were second inline behind an older couple that appeared to be tourists. One of the staff sort of got on the couple because the woman was standing in the walkway hindering her path of travel. I don't know how long they were there but they decided not to wait any longer leaving us on deck. No sooner had they walked out the door then a spot was cleared at the counter/bar. So, basically we walked right in and were seated in a packed house at 8 PM, unheard of!Ambiance: This is a very small restaurant, there might be 7 or 8 standard tables and then you have a diner style bar/counter with maybe another 12 seats. The theme is nautical with fish, boats and various other oddities everywhere, very eclectic and fun. The pace is fast, the staff is moving all the time trying to give everyone good service. They seem to tag team serving and bussing and we must have been asked three or four times if we were happy and if there was anything else we needed, even with the house being at capacity. I wouldn't say they were overly friendly but again I think this had to do with how busy they were. The patrons were friendly too. We had conversations with the diners on both sides of us. There was an older gentleman who was probably the owner, he was funny and telling jokes. It was very comfortable even with the crowd and the place is very down home county Italian feeling. Food ordered:West Coast Oysters on the half: Excellent, fresh and no shells in the meat and served to perfection.Clam Steamers: NO SAND!!!!!!!!! I have never in my live ordered a fresh clam dish and didn't come across a stray grain of sand. It's never happened and I am amazed and in awe. These clams were so good they practically melted in your mouth, yes that's right clams! The broth was to die for, my wife sucked it up like soup, at one point she was going to try and get a straw. It really was that amazing.Fettuccini Alfredo: Perfect, noodles were done to perfection, none of that el dante' crap, sauce was possibly the best I have ever had. All in all this is my new favorite Italian restaurant in SF. It is primarily a seafood Italian restaurant so be prepared for limited dishes if you are not a fish fan. I am not a fish fan had my doubts. I am a convert! This place rocks, but you might want to go early if you have the chance.
After reading the reviews on Yelp we were very excited to try this place. The food was decent, actually, but the service was so terrible I would never go back. After we placed our order, we were asked to move tables even though the place was nearly empty. We were obviously annoyed, so they offered to comp our wine but then forgot to take it off the bill. Our waiter was overly chatty and rude as well.
The ciopiani was very good but the sand dabs were ASTONISHING. Very good food reasonably priced. Decor was a little cheesy but the staff was friendly. I'd go again.
CIOPPINO= MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM! amazing.also got the sand dabs (im from chicago i had no idea what they were. now i know they are delicious) and the oysters. both were additionally amazing. the place was packed on a thursday night, the giants playoffs were on but we were seated at the bar within 15 minutes at peak dinner hours. two sisters were handling the serving hilariously to the point about everything. dont expect much service, way too busy for two people to give you some face time however they did compensate us with an extra glass of vino! this is an absolute must! this is not for the ritzy demanding restuarant seekers who want their #$% wiped. be prepared for amazing food and bring a tiny bit of patience and you will be floored!
I have been here several times and have always got great service and food, That said let me get to the particulars. Any place that can satisfy a diverse group of people, my wife in particular,(who is very picky about any non asian food) is doing a great job. We went there on Saturday and the line was out the door. they said it would be a long wait, so I asked if we might be able to get 4 seats at the counter. Being a simi-regular they said they would give it a try. A short wait later they got us in. the sand Dabs are my favorite and my wife likes the Cioppino. Stella on tap and fresh Oysters. The portions are very genorous, a good thing since my wife always nabs one of my sand dabs. Atentive staff and even when they are busy they dont rush you. That said, they dont make you wait for your order, if possible they want to turn the table.This is one of the best values in seafood in the city. A small hole in the wall that has as much business as they can handle. get there early some time and give it a try.
If you're not careful you'll miss! In the old Gino and Carlo's spot.Someone asked me for a rec on Cioppino, so I searched trusty Yelp and came up with Sotto Mare. It sounded so good, we had to try it. Glad we did! I had seafood risotto and BF had the special trout. I'm a big risotto fan and this was very good. It's a big portion, we ended up having it for lunch the next day as well!! But BF's trout was to die for! And the broccoli rabe on the side was perfectly cooked. We went early and got a table but it fills up fast (it was a nice evening and there was seating out front also). Seating available at the counter too. Great warm, friendly, helpful service. Very reasonable prices (under $20 entrees). Good wines also at reasonable prices. It's going to be hard to go anywhere else when I've got a hankering for seafood!
Zero because the hostess was very rude and we left. We called well in advance to make a reservation for 2 for 8:30. The woman stated you don't need a reservation for 2. Just come in we can seat you. We get there at 8:30 after waiting for 10 minutes with several other customers she comes over and shouts to all of us "if you don't have a reservation I can't take anymore"! My husband tells her that we called and you would not take the reservation, you told us to come in. We can seat you. She says if I say yes you will be disappointed. Husband tells her that ship has sailed we are already disappointed. This restaraunt may have 4 stars, however with that kind of customer service I will never go back. We went to Caffe Sport instead they sat us no problem and their food and customer service was amazing. I should mention Caffe sport was jam packed and super busy as well and they never skipped a beat!
I adore everything about this place, the chatty and friendly service, the long marble counter top, the decor which makes this place seem like it's been in the neighborhood for decades-not just weeks, and of course the food which is simple, fresh, delicious and affordable. It is everything that The Old Lobster Shack (a 1/4 of a block away) that opened a month earlier than Sotto Mare seemed to be aiming for but missed. The $1 oysters can't be beat in price and are a briny treat, particularly after work and paired with a glass from their short but affordable and tasty wine list. In the future they will be serving breakfast and selling fresh fish (both retail and wholesale). So if you are in the neighborhood check it out, or if you aren't in the neighborhood but are sick of waiting in lines at Swan's give this place a try so that it stays open. I can only afford to go three or four times a week!
Holy cioppino, Batman! This place is just crazy nuts with loud family atmosphere, killer mega-great seafood, and entertaining shenanigans from the owner and waitresses and waiters. We came here on Friday night, and the wait was a long one, but we had been warned by the people that recommended Sotto Mare. We had some drinks at the bar, and got our table in about 45 minutes. First we got the fresh oysters, group of six, and I could have eaten them all myself. But like I learned on Sesame Street, I had to share. Insert pout here. Then I ordered the grilled Salmon with the lemon butter caper sauce, which was heaven on a plate. Now you realize I probably could eat capers like some people eat olives, straight out of the jar, but the Salmon was so tender and flakey, the butter sauce had the perfect blend of butter, lemon, spices and capers. My friend got the Linguine with Seafood, and Friday the seafood consisted of some tender fish, clams, shrimps and scallops. All ridiculously good and tender. Lots of seafood can be overcooked to a rubbery parody of protein, but here at Sotto Mare all was very tender. I will be bringing my visitor friends here in the future.
Having read about how crowded it gets and given that they won't take reservation for 2, we went at 5:30. Excellent choice for a first visit. Perfect service, amazing food and the waiter and owner were very entertaining. I love high end restaurants as much as anyone else but when the food is this good, why pay for pomp and circumstance? I can fold my own napkin if I get up and I liked the feeling that they appreciated my business instead of the "you're lucky to dine here" attitude that you get at other places. I will certainly dine here again and have told many about Sotto Mare, it's a must try, SF experience.
Searching where to take out a couple of friends, I found this place on yelp. With 4 1/2 stars I was expecting disappointment but came FAR from it.I've always wondered why I never knew this place was here. I mean it's on Green right by Golden Boy Pizza, and I've been there quite a few times but NEVER noticed this place. It's pretty hidden and in fact doesn't even say "Sotto Mare" anywhere.My friends and I walked in and suddenly we felt like we were at home. Such a casual atmosphere with a VERY friendly staff. They play some great music and the whole restaurant stopped to sing this guy happy birthday. Definitely a "mom and pop" type of joint and I was lovin' it.My friends and I ordered a bottle of wine at an amazing price of $22. Next we all got fish: I the grilled Sole, my friends the salmon and Cod. All were fantastic and not biting the budget whatsoever. All our entrees were under 20 bucks. Also, the clam chowder was out of this world. You could taste the clams AND it wasn't too heavy so you definitely had room for the entree.This place is a WINNER. Give it a whirl especially if you enjoy seafood. I can't wait to go there again. It's GREAT. It really is 4 1/2 stars.
Seriously, the food here is not that good. The ladies that own it are a treat but the food is average North Beach Italian. There are dozen places near here with the same quality food.
after hearing my friend rave about the Coippino, i decided to skip shopping and head to north beach in search for Sotto Mare... which took us 5-10 mins cause I couldnt figure out the darn intersection of green, columbus, stockton, and what-not. lucky we werent driving or we would have gotten lost faster! Excellent coippino! $27..filled up two girls w/ plenty of left over. they even advised newbies on how to eat coippino...put on bibs.uh... yeah right! we were too conceited... it'll mess up our outfits and hide our hot tops! but yes, if you can't eat coippino neatly... don't wear pretty shirts!
Amazing! This is completely authentic Italian Seafood. The service and the food are nothing short of perfect. This is a great place to eat seafood the way it was meant to be enjoyed. When our Crab Cioppino came to the table, our host came around and tied bibs for us. Sotto Mare was delicious, relaxed, fun, authentic, and charming.
Tasty cioppino with lots of seafood, seafood pasta not as good but still above average, lots of clams in the chowder. For our taste a bit too salty and buttery but our taste is not the norm. Bathrooms nice, and clean.
My roommate only had one stipulation for her birthday dinner, that it be seafood. In the back of my brain I was thinking.... mmmm sand dabs. Where oh where in the vast wasteland of the Bay Area could we possibly find such a local delicacy? A quick search of Yelp, and Oh Gigi, you've won me over. We made a reservation for 6 which ended up being 5, which was just as well since the seating options didn't seem viable for 6 people. The servers were sassy and brash, just as you'd expect in an Italian eatery that's been open for decades. We started with a dozen oysters, followed by the cioppino, sand dabs and the best damn steamed clams I've ever eaten. Even after we'd sucked the meat from the crabs and stuffed ourselves with the neverending loaves of bread they provided, we were still dipping in the awesome garlicky wine-flavored goodness that the clams had once been piled atop. We almost ordered it to go.The one detraction from our delicious meal? The cheapass plastic bib that they insisted on tying on us. It gave off a weird chemical smell that didn't sit well with any of us, and we tore them off immediately following the requisite photo op. Please Gigi, get paper bibs!
This was pretty good. Scallops were excellent!!!! Tender and sweet and perfectly seasoned. Decor was nice. Went to dinner early so it was pretty quiet-we were the only people in there when we got there. The service was pretty good, bread was uh, not the best, and the water on the table tasted and smelled fishy. Husband had the bay scallop fettucine-pretty tasty, but he had to salt the hell out of it to get it up to normal. Overall the food was really really good, but I felt like it was a little overpriced. Excellent, but wouldn't go there again.
Went to a dinner party where the host served clam chowder she picked up "to-go" from Sotto Mare at 552 Green Street in San Francisco. It was absolutely the best clam chowder I've ever had in my life. Phenomenal. Not too white. Stuffed with clams that were tender. Very rich but just the right thickness. What a great idea, too; picking up favorite dishes from special places and serving them as one meal at home.
I've been going here since it opened and though I am glad others think as highly of it as I do, I am also glad it has remained under-the-radar and not become impossible to get a seat at. In fact, I usually stroll in any time of day and it's fairly empty so I always hope it thrives.Let me tell you, it's Swan Oyster Depot without the lines! It's that fresh, that tasty AND that fun. The sassy staff may be fewer than the family of guys serving you at Swan, but they have just as much spunk that makes those of us with an East Coast background (or those who just like that NY attitude) feel right at home. For you shellfish lovers, the crab, shrimp, oysters and so on... top notch. Don't forget to try the grilled sand dabs - also excellent.
I Love this place! The staff is fantastic, super friendly and fun. The food..omg..the food. It's beyond good. I had the cracked crab, which was super fresh and so delicious. I was torn between getting the crab and the sand dabs. It's rare to see sand dabs on a menu and these looks great. The next time I'm getting the sand dabs as the people at the counter next to us got them and they said that they were delicious. My wife got the seafood pasta, which was a huge portion loaded with all kinds of fresh seafood. If you are looking for a great place to eat in North Beach, get off of Columbus Ave and try this place. Totally amazingly good food.
May I be frank?The sickcylinder oysters here are worth a billion a bite, an entire operahouse more gorgeous than the one before, a sewerful of sanguineagold wine and a day can be as dense as a decade in this villa by the sea for nothing and forever 53 steps from my front door.
A bowl of heaven! The Crab Cioppino is worth the drive to San Fran alone .. The place was delightful with great service and true Italian flare .. Loved it!
This may be my favorite seafood restaurant in the city. That said, this is not a place to bring someone for a fancy dinner. Be prepared for kitchy decor, diner style seating, crusty servers and a roll of paper towels on your table. The sand dabs will not disappoint. They are lightly breaded in an egg batter, pan fried and served great quantities. Bring your appetite ..
Gigi, you better read this! I love you, I love your crankiness, I love your staff, I love your sister in laws, I love your seafood, I love the fact that you give us complimentary half glass of wine every time you make us wait for a table, I love that you are next to my house, I love that I can buy fresh seafood everyday after work on my way home and cook the delicious shrimps, fish, and scallops for my husband, I love that I can watch Hector cook his sauce (and I tried to make it at home too), I love that he ordered me fresh sardines from the fishermen, because he knows I love sardines. I love your oysters and your horse radish. I love your juicy, creamy, yummi clam chowder, I love your grilled red snapper. I am coming tomorrow, ok?
Go for the cioppino and the hospitality--you won't be disappointed!
This place is not fancy, there were no table cloths or candles, no reservations for parties under 4, no valet, & no dessert menu. That all being said, my dinner at Sotto Mare was amazing! The employees, whom I believe are all related, are great sweet people that are very attentive and want nothing more than to see you happy and full. My husband is almost as hard to please as my very snobby 3 year old daughter and they both loved it here. Myself and my husband both ordered the Cioppino (his first ever!) & we were in complete awe at how huge it was & then at how delicious it was. I have had many Cioppino's at many different places, but I have never had one come close to what Sotto Mare served. It was so fresh, flavorful, & packed with seafood all in a perfectly delicate tomato sauce that I completely forgot about the bib that they had put on me right before my meal arrived, which by the way is completely necessary. On average it takes about an hour and 45 minutes to get to San Francisco form where I live & I am absolutely serious when I say this, I would drive 3 time that far to get to this restaurant. This was the best meal that I have ever had while visiting S.F. & one of the cheapest as well. I will return every chance I get, but until then I will just have to dream about it.......
Seriously, there really ARE good places to eat in NoBe!I have a thing for clams. And butter. And garlic.This place brings all three together for an orgasmicly rich and delicious Manilla Clam Steamer plate (which is not on the menu). I've eaten a lot of Manilla clams they are easily one of my favorite things to eat. I've had them done complex (The Slanted Door) and they were great, but here they are served in real Italian fashion; the ingredients are exceptionally fresh, flavorful and speak for themselves. Their clams are so fresh and delicious, it makes me wonder what other places are doing wrong. I love eating at The Tadisch Grill, but their Manilla clams can't hold a candle to Sotto Mare's. That said, I gotta dock a star for the high prices and some of the shortcuts. The Louis salads are just some really nice seafood on chopped iceberg lettuce and the dressing on the side. No egg, no avocado, no tomato, nothing. It's Louis-esque, but c'mon. Still, it's loaded with hand-picked, super-fresh seafood, so I guess I can't complain too much. And besides, I can't wait to go back.
If you're coming here for the first time, be sure to look for the blue awnings that say "Gigi's Oysteria. "Sotto Mare" is written more obscurely on the storefront window. My friend and I came here on a seafood craving last summer. The owner, Gigi, a bubbly italian man, seated us next to whom he loudly proclaimed as "my daughters from my first marriage!". They were two Asian girls, who looked totally confused. Gigi. Funny guy. The decor of the restaurant is full of character, consisting of trinkets and photos and paintings adorning almost every inch of every wall. I was most amused by a painting of every main character from every mob movie ever made. While we were waiting for our food, Gigi brought over a half bottle of Rose, for us and his "daughters" to enjoy on the house. I thought I was in love with Sotto Mare then.But then came the oyster shooters.Fresh, perfect little oysters in a cocktail sauce and soju. They have an east coast and west coast version, the main difference being one is sweeter and the other spicy. I don't remember which was which, but tey were both divine. For the main course I had one of the day's specials which was shark. They let you have a choice of sauces (lemon butter, tomato and capers, etc..) I got the tomato and capers. It was my first time having shark, which I had heard was fishy, but this fish was perfect. Flaky, flavorful, fresh, seared with a little crunch on the outside. It came with italian beans (they are like giant soft snappeas) and yellow beets which were delicious. Loved the experience. If ever back in North Beach for dinner, whill definitely revisit. This time for some Cioppino!
Finally took Gigi up on the ability to buy fresh fish here so that we can cook it at home. They offer the same great selection of fish to home cooks that they offer in the restaurant. Loved the sand dabs and the rock cod.
This place rocks! The seafood is excellent! I had the Cioppino and my wife had the sand dabs - the food is first rate! You can't get unnerved by the host 'cuz he can be a bit brusque but is a friendly guy once you get to know him! All in all this is another must try place in SF if you are looking for great seafood. In fact in our week stay in SF we ate there twice bringing our friends with us the second outing!
Cute place with relaxed atmosphere, lots of laughter and the absolute best cioppino I have ever had. I would highly recommend Sotto Mare for a casual dinner with 4 or 5 friends or family. It is tiny, so I am not sure about taking a large party there. If possible call for reservations at the dinner hour, it will save a few minutes wait (for us 20 minutes). Loved watching the orders go down a zip wire, you just don't see that anymore.
Excellent! We had to wait, but it was worth it! We had the cioppino=wonderful!
Ask any Italian to recommend great Italian dining in Little Italy and you will be met with a long blank stare. Until they remember chef Fiorucci's cioppino at Sotto Mare.
Awesome! Will go back every time I'm back in town! Try the linguine with seafood... super fresh.
I was in San Francisco this past weekend for an event. This place was recommended and yes it was everything it said it was. Just absolutely delicious. Do not expect to get anything but seafood at this locaiton.
Finally made it here for a mini-celebration.The service is friendly without being in your face. All the staff seem genuinely happy to be here -- first time in recent memory where I've felt that at a restaurant, and it creates a really warm atmosphere.We had the cioppino and sand dabs. Cioppino is definitely a good choice -- the soup is really nice, taking on a lot of the flavors of the seafood but still with a hearty tomato flavor. They don't skimp on the seafood -- lots of shrimp, clams and crab. Yum!!! It's a fairly large portion, definitely enough to share.We also had sand dabs.  They were sublime. When you order fish at some places, it tastes like a chunk of butter or breading. But this fish was really fresh. The veggies were okay. We could have used some kind of starch though.Got here at 7 pm on a Friday and had a seat at the bar immediately. It seemed to fill up pretty fast though...
Service food and was excellent! The best Italian food I ever ate! =) The seafood risotto was excellent and best that I ever ate.
THE ULTIMATE MOM AND POP'S JOINT!Wow. this place is amazing.family owned and such a warm feeling once you walk in. not fancy or anything, but clean and great vibe. the owners are really nice older couple and treated everyone like family. we stopped by for dinner during christmas time and it was nicely decorated. there are a lot of memoirs and articles on the place all over the wall. the owners are soo nice too. they talked to us a lot even though it was a busy night and always had a smile on their faces. they also gave out christmass tree ornaments to all the regulars haha they just called them by their names and told them to get it off the tree as they leftthe wife came over one time and noticed that my little cousin wasnt eating cause he wanted pizza?! haha no pizza in real italians restuarants yo! so the lady walked away for a few minutes and came back with a slice of golden boys pizza right next door(best pizza joint in SF) just for my cousin! wow so generous. and the husband joked around with my cousin saying he beats up whoever that eats pizza at his place hahhahaa.they have amazing fettucini, pasta, clams you name it they got the best of the best. you can even choose east or west coast oysters so we decided to get both. oh man everything came out perfect. we ordered like one of everything off the menu to try it and there were no flaws. there was no room on the table. its pretty hard to find the best italian in SF cause theres so many but this one is UP there. one of the best overall dining experiences i've had
Went with a small group for the first time. We tried about everything on the menu. I expected this place to be more pricey. Oysters were great for their price. The clam chowder was quite awesome. The crab didn't have much flavor and kinda plain but for $15 for a whole crab we can't complain. Sand dabs were very hot and ok too. My favorite would have to be the baccala spread over the bread. Decor is very fisherman's wharf and classic san francisco memorabilia. No tables only the bar. So the place gets packed.great people who worked there. we had a great time!
Came here last night for my birthday (special treat). It was absolutely amazing! So good I had to write a review! This place is the s***. Ordered dozen oysters, prawn saute, and manila clam linguine. OMG outta this world. I was so full but still craved for more. Everything was so fresh!! Also ordered oyster shooters but I'd skip on that because I would just rather drink a bloody mary with oysters on the side. Love it, I will definitely be back!!
First off, Gigi is a madman. While crazy, he is also wants to make sure that you have a good time at Sotto Mare. The rest of the staff, while much calmer, is no less friendly. Since they don't take reservations, I think you need to hit this place at the right time. Or just get lucky. We went on a Friday night at 8:30 PM and got seated in about 15 minutes. Not bad. Plus a free glass of wine while we waited. One of the things I like right away is the menu. Short and simple. I hate long-ass menus with too many choices. One, I am indecisive when it come to ordering food (I usually want to try everything) and two, you can only really be good at a few things. We started with a dozen oysters half East Coast and half West Coast and all awesome. Live and yummy. Plus the horseradish sauce is great. The the cioppino was delicious and filling. I highly recommend Sotto Mare for a fun, noisy place to take a date or meet with friends.
I've been going there a lot recently. I grew up in the city and now I go here as a close second to Tomasso's.Call ahead if you have a group. They can handle groups of up to 6 with some table rearranging. I like the cool, granite tables with inter-metro legs.This place has a lot of character and the food is excellent.Prices are very reasonable compared to the surrounding neighborhood with over-priced Cafe Sport next door.It's hard to find because there is no sign out front but you will definitely not be disappointed.You must try the Baccala.
Linguine with chef's choice seafood (red sauce)... OH MY GOD. This dish was ridiculously amazing. Shrimp, fish, squid, scallops, mussels, and clams. Lots of them. No, lots and LOTS of them. Had a cup of clam chowder (still my favorite in the city), which had, yes, lots and lots of clams. Gigi rules. Period.
Freshest and best cioppino anywhere! The best of San Francisco -- eat here if you possibly can!
My new favorite neighborhood restaurant. I can eat their clam chowder and oysters for days, and sometimes I do. We have also tried sand dabs, scallops and halibut. Everything is very fresh, excellent quality, and priced exactly where it should be. Two tables outside and it is a surprisingly pleasant to eat on such a busy (foot traffic and bars) street. You can also buy their fresh fish to go out the door and cook at home, ask what they have available or check the chalkboard.
Thanks to all these helpful ratings for Sotto Mare, I felt compelled to check this place out. I don't live in SF but I do make it out there about 1-2 weekends a month. On my last trip, a friend and I ventured over to North Beach and at first were wondering, where is this place? There aren't any signs but eventually we found it. It's a very casual and friendly setting. The owner is funny! We started out our meal with a dozen of the west coast oysters. Awesome! The saltiness along with the side of cocktail sauce was perfection. I ended up getting the salmon dish off their specials and I loved it. I'm normally not a tomato sauce fan but the capers mixed in with the sauce balanced it out. My friend had the crab and shrimp louie combination which was simple enough but allowed for really tasting and enjoying the seafood. We ended up ordering another dozen oysters halfway through our meal. To top it off, the glasses of wine to accompany the meal were just awesome.I will definitely be coming back here, in fact, in maybe less than a month!
On the advice of the Yelp reviews, I booked a reservation for Wednesday night, our first night in San Francisco after arriving from NY. We had the Clam Chowder, a dozen raw Oysters, Cioppino, and the Seafood Risotto. All were excellent! It was not too crowded, so the dinner was slow paced with time to linger over coffee. We liked it so much, we booked a reservation for Saturday. It was much more crowded, and our reservation allowed us to move past the crowd in front of the restaurant. Aagain, the food did not disappoint. This is not a highbrow establishment, but it was a highlite of our San Francisco vacation.
This is my favorite spot in North Beach! BEST Cioppino ever! You must try the seafood risotto, steamed mussels and seafood linguini! Their salads are delicious also. My favorite thing about this family owned place is Gigi, the owner. If you are lucky enough to bump into him make sure to strike up a convo. Don't be put off by his brash personality, hes great to talk to if you can get him to stand still.
Friend brought me here for the sand dabs. Taste fresh and good size portions. Can't wait to try something else.
i love this place. my boyfriend found it about a year ago when his parent's came to visit. incredible food and just the greatest atmosphere ever. family owned ad operated, and every time we go we feel a part of it. the whole place erupted in song last saturday night (Alice? Alice? Who the F*ck is Alice?!)- we ate, we sang and drank a lot. can't wait to go back.
best cioppini in town? i certainly hope not! i came here on a monday afternoon. the place had a few guests but the atmosphere was super drab. they had all these kind of corny touristy decorations which would lead one to believe it had an upbeat fun environment. yeah, no. there was none of that. the service wasn't necessarily bad, but it sure as hell wasn't good. it was very bare minimum. i asked for some lemon wedges for my water and it seemed like i was getting in the way of a very busy schedule...then i get 2 round slices of a lemon which is ok i guess. we ordered 6 oysters at a buck fifty a pop and the sizes were across the board. some were the size of a quarter, i kid you not. then we get the cioppini which they make you order for 2. there is no individual portions. it had a good amount of seafood. there were very baby scallops, some crab, squid, mussels, and clams and some penne pasta. there was plenty of that stuff but oh so little broth. the broth tasted slightly sweet and very tomato-ey and the consistency was for the most part like puree. i didn't really get any sweet seafood flavors out of it like that of one cooked with a complex medley of seafood stock. the crab was pre-cracked but there were no little utensils to get at it. instead we fumbled around with a regular sized fork and our hands. it was quite the mess and i dont know about you, but i dont really like to have to pull crab meat out with my fingers just to place back into a broth then spoon up a significantly cooled down combination of the two. if two people want the cioppini then it's not a bad deal. it was definitely not the freshest or sweetest tasting seafood, i would even venture to say that some, if not most of it, was previously frozen specifically the scallops and squid. everything was slightly overcooked at best. i don't know where these rave reviews of the cioppini are coming from. i dunno if the lunch was last night's leftovers or there is a lack of attention to detail on developing the layers of flavor, but i assure you it was one-noted and just OKAY. i really had higher expectations from reading reviews and its very bold self-proclaimed statement of being the best in town.
Cioppino...oh my god!!! its the best ever and i mean it...you will be delighted beyond belief...this is the place to go in SF for Cioppino...been there 3 times because i live in Honolulu or else i would go more often, but i will always go back to Sotto Mare when i am in Frisco....Gigi is delightful and funny ...Please don't leave without experiencing Sotto Mare....This place is a must : the crab, shrimp, calamari, fish, clams, mussels and that awesome broth in the cioppino do dances in your mouth...oh god it was great! Aloha
service is ruff on the edges; we arrived a few minutes late during a busy time, and the matre d' gave us a hard time. but the food is worth it. shared a cioppino ($27), grilled sand dabs, and fettucine with bay scallops. everything was perfectly fresh and expertly prepared. bibs required if you're wearing a white shirtthe cioppino consists of crab, mussels, clams, scallops, calamari, penne in a delicious hearty tomato based soup. worth the pricewe started with the pasta and grilled fillets which were prepared perfectly. amount of seasoning and skillet frying was spot on. bay scallops small but fresh.no dessert served hereso price has gone up a lot with popularity. (reservations if you have over 4) 3 yrs later cioppino $38 but still the excellent broth with crab that soaks the juice. complex depth, not watery, great spices, still top notch.price now up to $41oh it's cold if you get stuck with the outside tables.
Their cioppino is aw some. Big for two people and taste awesome. It is very busy restaurant and you need to wait usually. The manger maybe a bit tough too people and it is a great place to go and worth the money you pay.
I came here because you all told me to. And all I have to say is...thanks! The chowder...holy cow...amazing. Risotto...so so. The fish...some kind of white fish...covered in garlic...with an artichoke on the side...so good. Service was swell. Me likey. Me recommendy.
yes! fresh seafood, fish of the day and great chioppino
I have an obsession. Ever since I've had this amazing seafood marinara spaghetti in Vietnam, my love affair with this heavenly dish began. Wherever I go, if it's on the menu, I will try it at least once. So naturally, when planning my trip to San Francisco, I yelped high and low for this pasta with best reviews and decided on Sotto Mare. Not wanting to overeat, my boyfriend and I decided to share the pasta and a bowl of clam chowder. The creamy and deliciously hot soup was seasoned perfectly and was just simply divine. We enjoyed dipping our bread into the broth so much that we asked for seconds. Still gushing over the now finished clam chowder, we forgot our order of pasta till the plate was set in front of us. The serving portion was, as expected, very generous. Linguine was cooked perfectly al dente and the seafood was very fresh. As for the flavor, maybe it was my preference but I found the pasta a little too flavorful. My boyfriend, never the one to mix words, declared that the pasta is salty. I love the natural salty flavor of seafood but this time, the pasta was a little too salty even for me. In my attempt to add different flavor, I added more cheese but unfortunately it only accentuated the salty flavor even further. Not knowing what else to do, we decided to take the leftover pasta as we were already full. With so many yelpers swearing by their seafood linguine, I doubt that it's just all hype. One day if I get the chance, I would love to come back and re-try their seafood pasta. Maybe with spaghetti rather than linguine. And of course, a bowl of clam chowder.
We ate at the counter and got a chance to watch the cooks in action, but it was torturous because everything they made looked fresh and delicious. We ordered the cioppino and there's only 3 ways to describe it: love, love, and love. It came out piping hot (which is a bonus especially on a typical windy chilly SF night) and portions o' plenty and delish. The sauce would definitely be Goldie-locks approved - just right.
Olde Timey counter seating is cool, and there are tables as well. Excellent oysters, wonderful clam chowder and crazy decor complete with Ultra Touristy soundtrack. Very friendly service.
I dragged my roommate here even though he had no idea what cioppino is...this is the BEST place to get it, hands down. Gigi is hilarious and the cioppino is HUGE...for $25, it will definitely feed two and make you sooo full. They put a TON of seafood in there, including at least half a crab, tons of clams and mussels, fish, squid, and cook it all in a delicious tomato broth. There's also pasta at the bottom which rounds out the meal really well. The sand dabs are also good, I only wanted to try them because I thought I was eating something like sand dollars (marine biology...also not my strong point). It turns out they're a really light, white, flaky fish and they salt it perfectly here. But I would definitely make sure to get the cioppino if you come here!
so good!  took my parents here while they were visiting and we had a fabulous time. Steamed clams and mussels, some of the best that I have had. Sand dabs as a main dish are not to be beat!
Some of the best Seafood I have ever had! I went in close to closing, and the staff didn't mind taking extra time to make sure I had an excellent experience! We ordered several dishes and everything was excellent! This was my first time here, and I cant wait to go back!
Service was great. The waitstaff was friendly and treated us like we were regulars. Food was very good. And I loved the dessert menu. Great way to support the other restaurants in North Beach.
My date and I (yes, we're locals!) came here specifically for the Crab Cioppino, and based on the many reviews. We definitely chose the dozen of West Coast Oysters and were not disappointed. The Cioppino was tasty and, yes, can feed three people. The service was great, but they missed our salad, which the owner promptly took off the bill. A bottle of sangiovese will definitely keep the night happy. The place is a-happenin' on a Friday night. Be careful as you may miss this place. It's a little difficult to find. Molto Grazie, Sotto Mare!
It is probably the best food I have in North Beach. The sea food is very fresh without OVER flavor. I mean they cook in very simple way but in very right way. Not too much salt or cream. It is definately some place I would come again with friends, family, or even by myself.
Restaurant ReviewBy Carol PetersonSOTTO MARE, West Coast Oysteria & Seafood Restaurant552 Green Street, 398-3181   Rarely do we have the opportunity of completing a full circle in our lifetime but that is exactly what Tarcisio Fiorucci aka Gigi of Sotto Mare has done. Gigi was the owner of the once famous Montclair restaurant at 552 Green Street that closed in 1972 and after many years of owning thirteen of some of the best restaurants all over the world, he has returned home to the same location where he started. And are we lucky to have him back! Although this is a brand new restaurant, it looks like it has been here for a hundred years. The walls are covered with old pictures, many large stuffed fish, sterling silver spoon racks, old cigarette ads and a complete collage of Gigi and his many restaurants, with menus and all kinds of paraphernalia. The floor is an old fashioned small hexagonal tile from the '30s or '40s. The dcor is so cleverly done, you would never know this is a new restaurant. When they first opened, the only place to sit was at the marble bar, where you watch everything being prepared. That has been expanded to a larger bar and four tables along the wall. It is and always will be a small restaurant and that is the charm of the place. When asked about the size and the inexpensive prices, Gigi said, "This is the last restaurant I am going to have. It's not about the money but making people happy with good food." Now, let's talk about the food. Where in town can you get oysters shucked in front of you for $1 each, every night? They are tender, fresh and melt in your mouth, leaving you with a taste of the sea. The nightly special is sand dabs. If you have never had them, you are in for a supreme treat. They are always fresh that day and grilled to perfection. The small platter they are served on is generously full of this succulent, delicate fish and served with a freshly grilled vegetable. The first time I had this treat, I had the filleted Sand Dabs. According to Gigi, "My partner is a seafood broker and I want out customers to always have the freshest fish in town. If we have any Sand Dabs left over from one day, we filet them and flash freeze them in salt water to ensure their freshness." Try either the fresh or the frozen. Either one is a delight. The chowder is to die for. My worst fear in getting clam chowder is a floury, thick, gooey base. Not at Sotto Mare. The clams are fresh, the cream is not over done, the flavor makes you lick your chops and want more. One night when I was there, we were made a fried muscle sandwich, with garlic aioli and lettuce on a crunchy roll. Please, please, please put this item on the menu! I felt like I had been transported to New Orleans and was eating a wonderful Po Boy. The muscle has an entirely different taste when fried and is a whole new adventure. Be assured, anything you order at Sotto Mare is going to be fresh and wonderful. There are no deserts at this seafood place and none are needed The service is excellent and the staff is very friendly and helpful. Gigi is extremely lucky to have his sister-in-law, Louisa, at the helm. Picture yourself in an old, small Italian restaurant where they make you feel like family. It is almost like the family style restaurants of old North Beach, where you greeted your neighbor and made a new friend.  Green Street is coming alive with great eateries and I say to Gigi of Sotto Mare, "I am so glad you are back in the neighborhood."
any place where they give you a bib to eat their food is a good place in my book. the fam and i headed here after my brother and i scoured yelp for a place to eat and i'm once again in debt to faithful yelpers for pointing out great food finds!raw oysters & clams : slightly on the smaller side, but really fresh...they even through in a free clam because they were kinda small(er)entrees - sand daps, risotto, and cioppino...all were AMAZING...i don't even really like fish and i couldn't get enough of the sand daps...the risotto was the best i've had and although i preferred the ciopinno i had in half moon bay, this cioppino was stocked FULL of seafood and will satiate even the biggest appetite!can't wait for another excuse to go back...definitely a north beach find!
A group of us were planning to go to Kuleto's for some kind of oyster and wine tasting thing but decided to blow that off and instead went to this place where we knew we didn't have to fight the crowds to get our slurping on. We ordered the clam chowder, highly recommended by fellow Yelpers, and both the East Coast and West Coast oysters, clam fettuccine and cioppino. Everything was phenomenal especially the cioppino. It's the best I've ever had. This place is one of my favorites in the city.
I have been to this place many time they always busy the fish is very fresh love louis
I took my husband here for his birthday lunch and it was pretty good. The clam chowder was yummy and the steamed clams and mussels were good. The seafood pasta was not the best I ever had but it was ok. My husband loved the fresh fish he ordered and the bread is really good. The staff is friendly.
GREAT chowder, best I've had in the city, and I've tried more than a few.I must have walked by 100 times before finally stopping in - love the atmosphere, sit at the long bar or at one of several metal tables and order up some super fresh seafood. I'm dying to try their linguine with clams that is large enough to serve 2 easily.The staff was very friendly and the owner clearly knows his stuff. TRY THIS PLACE!!
It's the BEST Italian restaurant I have in San Francisco so far. Mussels are so fresh, the creamy white wine sauce is rich but light enough to taste the mussels. Seafood Linguine taste absolutely amazing, this white sauce is close to perfection with its richness and delicate taste of fresh seafood. Don't forget to order their oysters, we order 2 oyster-shot, 3 half-shell. Sooooo good.....got to have more next time!!
I last time I ate at Sotto Mare the sand dabs were good but, not as fantastic as before. They let me know that they changed fish vendors but are going back to the original. As always, I'm looking forward to going back.
The cioppino was pretty darn good. Alpana S., you should have asked about the salad...we did and the waitress told us that it wasn't worth it. I'll give you that they might think about just taking the salad off the menu, like they did with dessert...it's a no-nonsense place and they're not shy about it. If you're looking for simple, straightforward, classic Italian seafood dishes made from authentic, fresh ingredients then this is definitely your place.
Sotto Mare is a great restaurant to enjoy seafood!! Fresh food and affordable! Had a great time!
Welcome to the neighborhood, Sotto Mare-- so, so glad you're here! Mmmmm.Don't need to elaborate much more but that wouldn't do this place justice. Delicious, fresh, yum. Love the counter (aka love thy neighbor) experience, but go on the late-ish side so you can hang out a while. My only concern is that the tourist books get ahold of this place and it turns into a North Beach "must-see."
To start, I have NEVER had so much fun in a restaurant as my Hubby and I did last Friday night at Gigi's Sotto Mare. We were driving around North Beach in the afternoon - we were in SF for a long weekend - and decided to check out yelp to see what was recommended for great Italian food for dinner that night. We found Gigi's Sotto Mare, saw that it had four and a half stars and served Cioppino. I called for reservations and was told they only made them for parties of four or more but we should come in anyway as there will be a seat for us. We went around 6:30 and the place was absolutely packed to the rafters. I kind of felt like we had walked into somebodies private party - everybody was having such a great time. We stood for about five minutes and low and behold a table for two was offered. The woman who seated us was great! I should have asked her if she was Gigi but didn't. Anyway we ordered a bottle of Montepulciano and some clam shooters and clams on the half shell for starters and we each ordered a cioppino for our main dish. So we are sitting there enjoyed all the merriment and the lady who seated us came by and asked if we both had ordered cioppino and then when we confirmed that we had she said the table wasn't going to hold it all. We suggested that they remove everything from the table and she repeated that there was not enough room. BUT she said she would seat us at a larger table before the cioppino was ready. There was another lady there that could have been her sister who was making sure everybody was set and she stopped by a couple of times to chat. Well the first lady comes by and says for us to come with her to a new table which we did and in a few minutes the cioppino came - it was absolutely wonderful and they brought us another bottle of wine and the rest of the night was a delight. At one point while we were at the smaller table they cranked the sound up and played a fun song called "Who the F**k is Alice?"... everybody sang along. Just before we were leaving I asked the name of the group who was singing it and asked if they could play it again - and they did. They also said the second bottle of wine was on them. We will to back to Gigi's Sotto Mare every time we go to San Francisco. It is truly a grand dining experience!
Went here for lunch and had a great Meal. Ordered a Peroni, some Drakes Bay oysters, BeauSoleil oysters and Manila clams. When the oysters came out one of the Drakes Bay was a little on the small side and the lady behind the bar immediately pulled it back and got me a nice piece with an extra piece of manila clam. Had their sand dabs and monk fish for entrees. The sand dabs where cooked just right Very fresh to boot but help your self to the salt and enjoy them quick. Gets a little soggy if you take your time. Monk fish in tomato capers where cooked very well and had a very nice texture.Yeah place is new and a little pricey. Awe fully pushy on ordering their chowder but it was too nice of a day to order a hot steamy bowl chowder. Next time.Gonna grab my friends and take them here for some Beau Soleil (two bucks a piece) and monk fish. Hopefully they still have both on their specials.Go have lunch here, when you have the chance to chat it up with the lady behind the bar. Like the previous review mentions she is quite the "awsome chick" and will make your meal complete.
I feel the same way as Susannah, below me. This place was amazing. The clam chowder was the best I've ever had. If you like fish, go here. If you dont, go here, and you will. The counterperson/cook/greeter/waitress/awesome chick will most definitely keep you entertained, and I feel bad for blanking on her name right now. We got there later (like 9) and ran into the issue of them having run out of a few of their options....but still, the butterfish and the salmon were excellent. So, maybe get there early if you're particular about which type of fish you would like them to prepare to absolute perfection.
This is one of the best seafood places I've found in my years of visiting SF. The owner Gigi greeted us at the door and showed us the fresh specials personally. We sat down and had some of the best chowder I've had in my life. The crab cocktail was fresh and delicious. I ordered the Seafood Linguine with a chef's choice of seafood and they went crazy. It had octopus, bay scallops, salmon, halibut, shrimp, bay shrimp, mussels, and clams. It was spectacular and so much seafood I ran out of pasta and still had seafood in the bowl (which I of course had with some sourdough bread). The service and knowledge of our waiter was top notch, the food was divine and everything fit together perfectly.
agreed with most of the folks...great seafood.
fabulous. after walking around, sight-seeing, going to city lights book store (yay!!!), this little girl was hungry. i really nice bartender at black magic told me i should try this place for some good seafood. i trust locals. i trust yelpers. i found myself nearby, i hopped up on the counter, not knowing how good the meal i was about to be.the gentleman behind the counter told about the days fresh fish specials, and i went for the monkfish option, which was prepared with a caper tomato sauce (not the terminology he used, my description). it was served with some carrots and broccoli dressed with garlic. the fish- sooooo fresh, so flavorful, the sauce was not overpowering, and the monkfish stood up well to the strong flavors. cooked to perfection. and it was a large portion. i used bread to soak up the sauce :)the sides- just clean, simple, fresh. the service/ambiance- i went after lunch rush, so it was quiet except for myself and a couple of other customers. casual atmosphere, open kitchen, kitschy stuff on the walls, cool spot for sure. service was fast, friendly, and i bet after coming here a few times, they'll know your name.
The cioppino is by far the most amazing version I've had. Minus one star for the service aspect -- the restaurant is loud, which is to be expected, but damn the older guys (and the 50-something gal)...they are all probably the owners/founders...they are so overbearing and in your face through the entire meal...they all need to dial that waaay back; it's just too much...
True to the reviews. Wonderful fish. Simply prepared yet elegant. We had rex sole and Petrale sole. Both wonderful. Great service too. Highly recommended. Come at off hours as it was crowded.
Awesome. Fresh crab and oysters. Inexpensive and fun. I want to come back lots.
Went there on New Years Eve. There was a little bit of a wait, but the antics of the owner GiGi were quite entertaining. Plus, while we were waiting he offered everyone in line a half a glass of wine on the house (the wine was quite good). Once seated, the service was friendly and servers were attentive. I had the sand dabs (which are an excellent choice). The Cioppino is also excellent. I definitely would like to go back to this restaurant again. The atmosphere, the food, it's just great.
We went with this place b/c it was seafood, in a great area, and at the top of the Yelp list. We weren't disappointed. The waiter was super friendly, engaging, and funny, and we gorged ourselves on risotto and crab cioppino (dungeness crab over marinara). It had a small kitchen feel with "crap on the wall" eclecticism. A solid stop for in- and out-of-towners alike!
This place is never disappointing. Best Seafood I've ever had. The Baccala is addicting and the oysters are always fresh and cold! Every time I've been there it hasn't been super packed, which is nice because it feels like its still a secret.Came here on a saturday night with some friends recently and split a ciopinno and Rissotto... The ciopinno was the best I ever had. Incredible!You feel at home at this restaurant. They will make your meal however you want it.
The best seafood place in Bay area.
Everything that used to be right about San Francisco and North Beach in particular. Sotto Mare is Gigi Fiorucci's new oyster bar, which he's opened after running the Double Play, Mayes, and several other local venues. Counter seating, great old school North Beach photographs, boisterous, lively atmosphere (much like Gino and Carlo's bar a few doors down) and some of the freshest oysters, crab, prawns, petrale, sand dabs, clams and clam chowder in the city. This guy just does it right. In an age of pretentious dining, it's great to see someone reinstating some of what San Francisco, and North Beach in particular, used to be. This isn't The Fifth Floor, North Beach Restaurant, or even NUA (the new place next door.) But if you're from the neighborhood or just want to feel like you're from the neighborhood, alone or among good friends, and appreciate fresh fish done right and real Italians from the era of Benedetti, Raggio and Molinari, this is the place. Great to see the old heart of the city still beating.
food 5; service 5; value 4; atmosphere 4Great food. We split a bowl of chowder and had the Cioppino for dinner. The chowder was just as good as that back east and the Cioppino was the best we've ever had. The cioppino was super loaded with assorted seafood and an entire crab. Definitely split this entree - we struggled to finish it.
Best cioppino sauce I ever had. No dessert but that was just fine since food was extremely satisfying. Fun atmosphere - very down to earth. Will definitely return there when back in SF.
The best cioppino ever!
Wasn't a fan of this place. The clam chowder wasn't that good, portion was VERY small for the price, didn't have breadbowls, and staff wasn't that friendly.I'm giving it 3 stars because the atmosphere was pretty cool and i didn't have anything else. I hear the oyster are good, but just not my style.
My friend and I were dying for some crab and happened upon this little place (thanks to some help from Yelp) tonight. It was very unassuming, from the street you can't even tell it's a restaurant. Totally casual, which is what we were looking for (wearing tennis shoes and jeans). The tables were full so we took a couple seats at the bar.The food was awesome. The clam chowder was a tad bit watery but the main dish... the whole cracked crab... was to die for. Super fresh, tons of it and completely cracked (faster and easier to eat). We loved sitting at the bar and being able to see the action going on in the kitchen. Plus the bar setup was perfect for sharing. We ordered a side of linguini with olive oil, garlic and pepper and are now pretty much in a butter and crab induced food coma (in a good way).I will definitely be back.Great food, not pretentious or stuffy and great prices (a whole crab was only $24 and it was more than enough for 2 people).
Come and eat here. Seriously. Just do it. The west coast oysters were SO good..huge, fresh as the sea itself and expertly shucked. And at $1.50 a pop, such a steal. We also had a classic shrimp cocktail, which was just nostalgically perfect, and the chowder was some of the best I've ever had. Moreover though, the ambiance, oh the ambiance. You'll see what I mean when you pull your finger out of your nose and GET DOWN THERE!
Hate to be an a hole but here goes. This place is way overrated, don't spend your money here. Food is so so, and the owner is a royal jerk off. So, my brothers and I all converged in San Francisco on a Thursday and got together last minute and went to this place. It is kind of lazy, typical North-beach, funky place, not very interesting menu, but solid for what it is. Not pretentious. The oysters were fresh, and we had a decent bottle of wine and some pasta. It was fine. Out waitress was attentive and nice. Then the host(?) owner(?) as soon as our check hit the table and we all still had wine started telling us to get the f*** out, like it was funny or cool or we had just gotten the best pastrami and rye to go on earth from a NY deli. My brothers and I see each other once a year. One was in from NY for business for two hours. We spent good money and still had wine and he was by our table no less than four times in ten minutes telling us to get the f** out. Finally we said listen we have wine and are going to finish it and he told us to go and not come back, we said we wouldn't and then he got his feelings hurt, WTF? We were nice, spent good money, and were not lingering. I worked in the service biz for years and know how annoying the table that stays for hours without spending can be, that wasn't us. This a hole thinks his address and attitude make his place the top shelf, it not. There are plenty of better North Beach Italian places without the attitude. I repeat, don't spend your money at this jerks place, he doesn't value his clientele. Oh yeah, and parking is of course a nightmare, North Beach right?
Amazing. Fresh seafood. Friendly staff. Great atmosphere. Keeps me coming back!
So glad to find this authentic, neighborhood place open for lunch on a weekday. The oysters, chowder and sand dabs were delicious. We shared one order of sand dabs: plenty of fish.
Have dinner here at least once a month and it is always great.The sand dabs are spectacular, but last night I ordered the monk fish and it was fabulous. And the vegetables that come with the dinners are cooked to perfection and delicious.Service is great and Gigi is the best and is almost always there to welcome you in for a fantastic meal.Excellent prices and food portions.
good place for North Beach...friendly, good food, lots of wine, what olive garden want to be but isn't. Stick with the pink sauce...old school SF and will go back when i'm in the area.
This place is a small, quaint restaurant that makes me feel like I am in Italy. The staff is warm and inviting. I felt right at home there. The clam chowder is fresh, tasty, and warmed me up on this cold, rainy day. We also had the fettucini with seafood and fettucini with clams. The portions are huge. I sadly had to leave food on the plate. The seafood is definitely the star of the restaurant. I will certainly be back on my next visit to SF.
Yes. Just something special about this place.
We decided to try this place out after reading the great reviews on Yelp and couldn't have been happier. It was exactly what we were looking for--relaxed and cozy without being too noisy and the BEST meal we had in San Francisco. The scallops looked delicious but don't miss the cioppino!
One of the best seafood places to go to in SF. I go here every time I have guests to entertain and it has always been consistently outstanding. They use the freshest of seafood, and more importantly, they don't overcook it . I am in the tourist hospitality business and have sent them numerous guests who ask where to go for good seafood in SF. They hear about all the places at the Wharf but I steer them clear of there and they have all thanked me for the recommendation to go to Sotto Mare. This place is a true gem in a city known for seafood. Gigi and Luisa could be a bit gruff at first, but they are real sweethearts once you get to know them.
Clam chowder so good will make you want to slap yo mamma. What a great place to spend a chilly evening. The staff here will make you feel at home, they will ask how your day was or how you are doing and really want to hear how your day was or how you are doing. I have been here a number of times and I have had a great experience every time. The oysters are great and the fish is so fresh you will think it was just caught. I have yet to have a bad meal here.
Nice little find - west coast oysters for $1.50 every night of the week. If you want a real treat, have the Bacala. Served with bread, it's a great way to get your taste buds going.
Crab Cioppino was so good! if you love seafood, it's the one you definitely don't want to miss!
I decided to give Sottoe Mare a try after I saw all these good reviews on yelp. They claimed they serve only seafood with no other kind of meat but when I ordered their Clam Chowder,it had bacon in it.I know that they come with bacon most of the time but their claim of no meat got me excited that it didn't occur to me to ask if there was bacon. I ordered the salmon with Lemon butter capers,it was OK but not that flavorful .Maybe if I ordered crab or some other shell fish I would've got a better dish!!. Sotto Mare is a decent place but it is not as good as the other reviews hyped it up to be.
Gigi's Soto Mare is very good. I loved the shrimp & prawn cocktails. I ordered the fresh fish of the day which was wild caught salmon grilled with grilled veggies. mmmm mmm good. Had some oyster shooters too and they hit the spot. Great customer service & great environment. Actually was next door at some watering hole & stumbled across this place. I'm definitely taking a date hear in the future. Can't wait to come back!
2 words - SEAFOOD CIOPPINO!customer service is super friendly!
Flew into SF to visit friends and went looking for a good Seafood restaurant. This place came up on yelp and we weren't disappointed. It's small little place so it can be tight but the wait was worth it. We got the sand dabs and the cioppino and both were excellent. They put on bibs which was a good laugh but well worth it, the flavors in the broth were so fresh and tasty. Some cioppinos are a little light on the seafood, not this one...fresh dungeness crabs, clams, mussells. Service was good too, felt like we were eating at home with Gigi's family. They kept coming around and checking if everything was good and were very friendly and fun!
Wow! This place is amazing! It was the first restaurant we ate in on a recent trip to SF, and it was a great way to begin a very fine trip. However, if you eat here first, all other places will pale in comparison. Save it for later or eat here every day! The cioppino is unreal. It is truly one of the best things I've ever eaten anywhere. Be warned-- it's huge! This is a great dish to share.
mmmm fresh fish!so the atmosphere is a little noisy and its not like a nice high end restaurant. and they dont really have salads or sides. but the fish is SO fresh and so delish!
Went here for Father's Day and it was great! When I called to make reservations, the owner mentioned that there was a North Beach street festival and parking would be difficult. We appreciated the tip and accounted for the parking issues. The fish was really fresh (my dad fishes), and the food was great. I had the clam chowder and that was great. Plus, the owner stopped by to chat with us and was hilarious! My dad really liked walking around the street fest afterwards, too. A family member was running late, and they were happy to push the reservation back by a half hour. That's a big plus in my book. Will visit again if I'm in the North Beach area.
The food here is delicous!!! The cioppino could feed 6, it was beautiful! The seafood was cooked perfectly. Also the pasta pomodoro sounds plain but even that simple dish is very satisfying!
Yumm! First time there tonight. Clam chowder was great! Lots of tasty clams and good chowder. And tried their seafood cioppini. I was really hesitant about ordering the cioppini, only because it was the most expensive dish on their menu and they mentioned it was cooked with tomato, and I've had bad experiences where I order a tomato sauce/flavor dish and the tomato flavor overtakes any other flavor. But this wasn't the case for the cioppini. Boyfriend and I really liked it :) And it was great with bread. They were also very attentive to our table. Went weekday early evening dinner, and they had excellent service (like seriously, if anything, it was almost a little too much service for me). I would highly recommend this place so far. I'm not sure about their other dishes though, but definitely the 2 I ordered tonight are worth coming back for :)
This place is an utter delight. Shared the cioppino with a friend and it was amazing. Huge, whole crab legs were practically clamoring out of the stew just begging you to indulge yourself. Also had some oysters which were fresh and yummy. This place is no frills, but all thrills.
Just stopped in on a Friday afternoon for an appetizer. Four of us split an order of Mussels with lots of bread for mopping up that delicious sauce and a bottle of wine. Loved the sassy waitresses and host. As a side note, they were right, they do have nice bathrooms.
Amazing! Fresh, good food, and a fun atmosphere. I take my friends and family there as often as I can. I recommend this restaurant to everyone!
warm friendly service. delicious cioppino (I'm not usually a fan but this is nice and thick and tomato-y).
This is my favorite Italian place in north beach, great customer service, great food. The sand dabs and Bassa are to die for!
I wish I could give this place 5 stars coz it shares my last name :) but alas I need to be honest and give it 3 and half stars. Service was a true winner at this establishment - our host was very attentive and bought me a beer since I was waiting for a while for one. She also was very generous with her wine pours which is a big bonus. My salmon though fell a bit flat - it was tasty but nothing really stood out from it and made it memorable. My dining mates seemed to enjoy their dishes however - Susan L - got the seafood linguine and Stephanie G go a fish smothered with garlic. All in all a pretty ok experience - I would not hesistate to go back again and maybe try the cioppino. :)
We couldn't wait to go back after our first time there. I like tasty but simple and the grilled salmon with veggies was perfect. The crab appy was the best dungeness crab I've had. The shrimp saut was right spiced and well portioned. The crab cioppino was excellent and I normally don't eat seafood other than salmon because I normally get a tummy ache from the rich sauces but the cioppino didn't leave me feeling sick at all. We willbe regulars here at the best seats in the house near the end of the bar where we can watch as the dishes are made.
We were visiting San Francisco from NYC, and we found Sotto Mare because of the high ratings on Yelp. We went on a Saturday evening around 6:45/7pm and the place was packed, I wanted to leave because we had to catch a flight in just a few hours. The woman at the front counter had a mob, fighting to put in their names and then staying put in the very small entry way(it was quite chilly outside). She was so sweet, offering wine to every person in every party, smiling the whole time and kindly asking people to not block the servers entry. In this situation, most people would have been throwing some attitude and telling people the GET THE HELL OUTSIDE!! Once we were seated, our server was attentive and helpful.  The food was AMAZING. Clam chowder was superb, linguine with clam sauce was out of this world and the wine was always full! The food definitely brought us to Sotto Mare, but the people kept us there. It is worth the wait. Even though the place was packed, everyone helping us made a point to say thank you on the way out like we were the only ones dining there. They have mastered the art of good food and the fine art of customer service. I can't wait to visit San Francisco again!
Great family cooking, small place but the food is worth it. No frills excellent food. Had the sand dabs, which were cooked to perfection,the cioppino can not be replicated anywhere else, and the risotto was so good, my husband who doesn't like risotto, ate it all up! One of the best Italian seafood places ever!
I almost missed this place, because it's screams GIGI'S not Sotto Mare---so, beware. Anyhow, doesn't take reservations for groups smaller than 4...so, it was a bit of a wait...though, well worth it. The servers were great, made sure everyone had wine in their hands and kept in communication about the wait. I watched as they asked people to leave, because others were waiting to eat...I love that. This place is definitely no frills. We ended up sitting at the bar, and interacting with a few others and the cooks, which was great. The full crab was great, served chilled and PRE CRACKED....yes, that's right... they crack the damn thing for you! I hate working for my meal, this makes is soooo much better. The seafood was super fresh, and well priced. The atmosphere super laid back and friendly, a total "neighborhood joint"...heard a rave, rave, rave about the butterfish---the portions are hearty and I'll definitely be back.
This was a great place with charm and character. The main dishes and clam chowder were excellent! We couldn't help but taste each others food and it was all fresh and amazing. I would highly recommend a visit!
Another yelp hit. This place captures all that a restaurant should be and more. Ingredients were both fresh, simple and local. The decor of the place gave it a unique harbor feel as if we where right on the pier. I ordered the days special, which in my case was the glazed salmon in a butter lemon sauce with a side of mixed vegetables. Salmon was cooked to almost near perfection. The glaze/sauce of butter lemon gave it the right amount of tart to cut the butter and compliment the salmon. No need to add additional spice or herbs. Very good choice, and will come again.
best fish in north beach. dungeness crab, prawn, and shrimp salad is the best, Oyster shotters is a good start ..the french italian bakery bread rules and GG is true North Beach! He owned a restaurant here 25 years ago or something like that.. first thing he asked me is what i want to drink i asked for water, he gave me wine he makes the place, but everyone there has the same fun and food attitude!.this is North Beach at it"s best. the Chronicle food report sat next to me and said "the salad was great, but too cheap.."'.I told her to stop raining on my parade..the prices went up ...but still best deal in town.. Top place to eat for me right now.
when you want seafood but craving pasta or italian as well- please please go to sotto mare!! the food, the sauce, the fish does not get fresher or more homemade than that! it is one of those places you enjoy the atmosphere being nothing special cause the food just takes the gold medal here!! def a must go and a place to return too!! :)
This place is so great , we went twice in one week! I went first with my two kids (10&13) and not only was the food amazing (clam chowder and of course that mouth-watering Crab Cioppino!!) but the service was as well. The four women waitresses treated us like family to the point they hugged us when we left! Great atmosphere - love the bar altough we didn't sit there. Food comes out quickly and every part of it was amazing! Brought my husband back 2 nights later and since it was a Thursday, it was a bit more crowded - but everything was just as great!! One note about the Crab Cioppino - it feeds at least 2 people-maybe 3! As a family of four, we ordered a dozen oysters, one salad and the Cioppino and of course had bread too. We were stuffed!! Again, they were hugging us all as we left!!  If I lived in or near SF, I would be here at least once a week (and def be ordering the chowder and red sauce by the gallon!).
All the other reviews are spot on. I was in SF for business a couple weeks ago for 2 days and I ate here twice; the second time, I got there after the place closed but they were super nice and let me eat anyways. The staff is amazing -- family, you feel like you are in Italy. OK - alot of talk about the cippiuno here, but you don't have to get the cippiuno. The owners themselves will tell you that there's things that are just as good or better on the menu! The seafood pasta has almost all the same seafood in the cippino w/ amazing al dente fettucini and a sauce to die for (ask for the red sauce, it's a mixture of marinara and alfredo). The fish is great, esp the sanddabs, and ask what the fresh fish of the day is. That's what I tried, although I saw alot of other dishes coming out of the kitchen and they all looked delicious. I go out of my way to tell people they have to come here I liked it so much - and I'm a huge food snob! Try it, promise you won't be dissapointed.
I would recommend this place just to experience Gigi first hand. I took a friend from out of town there last night and he almost got us "soup nazi'd" out of the place - first he wasn't at his seat when his dinner was up, and then he answered his cell phone while sitting at the bar like some kind of asshole. Anyway, I love this place purely because of the atmosphere.
Simply THE best and freshest seafood you will find in any restaurant in or around San Francisco. Gigi (who has owned restaurants all his life) is the perfect host, and on a sunny afternoon what could be better than sitting outside on the sidewalk enjoying a glass vino with chowder, fresh crab, calamari, or your pick from any of the fresh fish on display delivered that very day. Enjoy this understated slice of heaven in North Beach!
The food here was good, but it was a bit too campy. The decor is very "crab shack" chic, with photos and fake fish decorating every square inch of wall space. We had to wait quite a while for a table, even though we had a reservation. I expected something impressive after waiting so long. The waitress did bring us a glass of wine on the house while we were waiting. My pasta with pink sauce and shellfish was tasty, but several of the mussels hadn't opened, so I ended up with two instead of ten, which was disappointing. My companions had the fish of the day, sole, which was well-cooked, although perhaps over-garlicked (and I enjoy garlic). The worst moment was at about ten, when all of a sudden the restaurant began blaring random nineties hits at far too loud a volume. We left with the impression that there was some sort of party down in the lower floor of the restaurant, and with ears ringing of Cher.
Love this place! We stumbled on it when visiting the city a couple of years ago. Now we make a point to go back every time we're in SF.  Nothing fancy here, just fresh seafood expertly prepared. Our favorites are the cioppino, oysters, and sand dabs. Warning -- the place is small and it does get crowded, so don't think you can just drop in on a Saturday evening without a reservation and be seated.
We met some old friends here and had a great time and dinner. Ciopinno was awesome, 2 couples shared one order. Clam chowder and shooters were great and fun. We ate downstairs and the service was graceful and fast. They told us to get there right on time and we did but enjoyed a leisurely dinner and visit with friends. My wife got Linquini with scallops which was uninspiring but everyone else's meal was great.
Fresh seafood cooked italian style, Sinatra blasting & super friendly staff! I'm there. Don't have to ask twice.
Hands down, the best seafood risotto I have ever tasted--unbelievable! No frills, but delicious. And the clam chowder was superb.
Good vibe, friendly staffs and yummy Cioppino!!
Best place I've been in the city for seafood. Split a salad and Chopino and went home stuffed. The Chopino was amazing and not like any I had so far.  The gravy/sauce had a rich distinct flavor and it had ton's of seafood in. The atmosphere is that of a family owned kind of place where everyone is down to earth and really cares about the place.
Went there for lunch on Friday. Tried ordering the sand dabs but were out. Took the advice of the nice old lady, forgot her name, and ordered the "best damn crab cioppino." I was disappointed. Maybe the cook was busy watching the Giants playing that Friday. It sure was "worst damn cioppino." I will probably go back for the sand dabs but stay away from the cioppino..people.
The oysters are cheap ($1.50 each!), the seafood pasta is incredibly diverse (they throw all kinds of sea critters in it, and generously so too), and the sand dabs were delicious. Will definitely return...
Went for dinner with my wife last night. Great place. Not many tables, so we were seated at the bar next to a family of six from France. I mention this because the odds of getting a table (even with a reservation, which we had) aren't great.Still, the bar was fine. The place was crowded, but the service was attentive and quick. Two different waitressses -- one behind the bar and one roving the floor -- served us, with no territoriality or bickering between them. They were both very friendly.Started with six raw oysters and a bowl of clam chowder, then moved to seafood risotto and Cioppino. I had a Hoegarten draft, then a Peroni draft, and the wife had wine.The food was excellent. The oysters were very fresh, nicely chilled, and large. The clam chowder wasn't too salty, and was great with the crusty bread they serve. We loved the risotto and Cioppino -- not too heavy, good sized portions for sharing (especially the Cioppino, which we struggled to finish, and I'm a big eater), and nicely presented.The bill came to $75, which I thought was remarkably low for San Fran. We were a little worried about the decor from photos we saw on line before going in, but it is very nice (in a noisy, eclectic way) once inside. There was nice Jazz being played from a stereo system. The family next to us had fish and pasta and seemed to be in heaven.
This is one of those places that I dont want to yelp, because I'm afraid too many people will know about it. Clam chowder is bomb diggity. Make sure and sit at the counter and chat with the waiters and the cook, they're awesome.
I came here for one reason only and it was for their seafood cioppino! It was spoonfuls of awesomeness that went in my mouth. This cioppino has a variety of seafood-crab on the shell, mussels, calms, calamari, shrimp, bay scallops, and pasta on the bottom. This pot of yummy goodness was cooked to perfection. It just warms your insides. Truly the best cioppino ever, better than crabhouse at pier 39. We also ordered the chef's choice seafood pasta dish with white sauce and that was spectular as well. You can tell they pride themselves on their safood and the freshness of it. This place only does a handful of dishes and boy do they make them well. Everyone is served bead with butter and oil/vinegar. If the wait gets long, they even offer complientary glass of red for your wait. The only minor issue is GIGI was not that nice. He's the owner and he seats everyone. Maybe he just had an off night, but he wasn't too friendly as eveyone said which was a little disappointing..
Great owner and staff! Good italian wine, fresh oysters and awesome family style fish and pasta dishes.. so good. I must say this place has better food than most of the more popular places in the area... Cafe Sport is Whack!
I want to be a regular here. Not only because I can simultaneously sate my dueling hungers for crab, oysters, and saucy salt cod for under 20.00, but because it's a friggin' happy place. And not happy like a painted on clown's face. Happy like the folks behind the counter enjoy being able to give people good food and are having fun doing it. I want to be a part of it as often as I can.
We stopped at this place for a bite to eat before heading to a holiday party. This was definitely a good choice as we had a great time. We had some bacalau (salt cod) with our bread to start followed by oysters and crab. Both were sweet & succulent. We had the chef's choice pasta which was delicious. There are definitely other items that I want to try the next time we go!
Oh.my.God! I can get oysters for lunch without facing the flurry of the ferry building. And the Fanny Bay's, they deliver! So good.
My new favorite Italian restaurant! I was wowed by the dishes at our table. The cioppino was delicious. It has penne, which I think is too big of a cut for cioppino. But the soup was so hearty & the size of the crab was surprising. Others liked their linguini with clams -- I tasted one and it was good, tho I think it can be a little thicker in the sauce. I had one of the fishes of the day -- snapper with garlic olive oil. It was delicious & generous. We had oysters prior to entree, and they were also very fresh. I was wowed by the quality of seafood here. The service is hearty; the lady is fun when she hands out the special napkins for cioppino-diners. It's not a place that changes cutlery per course, and you may need to ask for something a few times, but I like it. It reminds me warmly of fun Italian American restaurants back in NY and the seaside.I am definitely returning for more oysters & everything else!!!
I came here for dinner because of the stellar reviews I saw here on Yelp.I had the clam chowder and the cioppino, both were really good. I expected to be absolutely blown away by the food because of the reviews - but I felt that it was just "good". My girlfriend thoroughly enjoyed the meal, though, and she's the picky eater. So maybe it was that good, and I just couldn't appreciate how good it really was?In any case, the wait staff was attentive and conversational, so that was great. They made me feel really welcome, even though it was just my first time coming through.The price for the meal was fair as well. I'd definitely come again if I were in the area. After all, I didn't get a chance to try the oysters!
Everything was excellent!!! Very unpretentious and friendly atmosphere. Had seafood fettuccine and the red snapper. Prices are great. Make sure you have dessert;)I will eat here every time I am in town and recommend it to all my friends.
I went to this place because of the high rating it received on yelp. If I rated places on their atmosphere as well as the food then this place would get a four or four and half star. The place itself is great. Old school, interesting stuff on the walls, down home feeling. Their were two charming older men who served us and a young boy running around setting the tables. That made it feel family run. The Mexican workers the yelled orders to in Spanish behind the counter not as much. The family run place made me forgive the staff forgetting some of our order and being slow on the drinks, etc. The food itself is why I didn't give this a great rating, I would've given it a 2.8 or so. I got the seafood fettuccine my husband got the risotto, and our friend the highly recommended scallops. The fish was fresh and tasty but just not served or seasoned very interestingly. Maybe we ordered poorly. If you want some plain ol' fish or oysters this place is probably great but not for my tastes.
Simply Spectacular. I spent a small fortune for dinner but walked out feeling it was worth it. I loved the ambiance of the place and everyone is super friendly. I won't repeat a lot of other reviews, but want to give some tips which others may have posted in here. Limited menu...younger children are not likely going to be happy. Cioppino...simply divine. Well worth the price. I am ready to go back again. Really enough for two adults if you are not super hungry. Sand dabs were excellent though I am not sure what all the fuss is about Sand dabs in Sf. Risotto, I thought could be a little creamier but chock full of fantastic seafood. No dessert. Who needs it after the great meal. We will be back.
The Crab Chioppini is a MUST!! Great service and the atmosphere is authentic.
I came here with my sales team and boss for an end of the month dinner. This restaurant is a quirky decoration of your Italian Mama's kitchen. It was small with the hustle and bustle of the kitchen, loud with excitement, and very family feeling. We started with Bacalla which was amazing - I could have eaten this all night. I would come back to eat this any time! I ordered the Fettucine with Seafood and it was delicious. The fish was incredibly fresh and the sauce was comprised of tomato sauce and cream - it was light and tasty. My coworker had the scallops and I had to have one. They were even better than they looked. Now I know what to order for next time! The wine selection was great and we had a wonderful evening. It was a fun atmosphere with delicious food, and the prices were good. My only complaint would be that part of my team was running late for the reservation and the waittress gave us a hard time about it. Granted they were pretty late, but I felt like it could have been handled better.
Great food. Perfect service. Awesome, laid-back atmosphere. And hardly anyone knows about it. I'll be going back!!
I took my parents here on the last night of their visit because of a previous good experience, and well, they may not ever visit again. Quick summary: way overcooked, way over-salted food; too loud to converse music; and some of the absolute worst service I've ever experienced in the city. 3 strikes.  It was a bad enough experience that I'm actually taking time to write about it, which should speak volumes.   Details of the torturous eve: 7:00 reservation not ready until 7:30. Good start fellas.  Owner's obnoxious sales pitches while we waited made me feel like a ready-to-be-taken tourist, and I LIVE HERE. Finally got sat. Basically went from a standing waiting for service position to sitting waiting for service position, as we were immediately forgotten/ignored after being seated. Fifteen minutes and a lot of arm waving later, we were granted the privilege of placing (our soon to be forgotten) order.    Wine and salad orders forgotten until entrees finally arrive, which, coincidentally, was the first opportunity we had to alert anyone about our seemingly abandoned wine/salad ordered. After a quick "oops, sorry," our table was quickly crowded with the lost orders. great.   Unfortunately, for Sotto M, the annoying, too-loud-to-converse atmosphere was not enough to completely distract me from noticing just how far off the map the quality of the cuisine had fallen. To their credit, the sand dabs were still very good. That, unfortunately, is the only compliment I can pay.  The rex sole would be more aptly described as a shoe sole, it was so overcooked. It may be a matter of personal taste, but when the meat of the stands up stiffer than the spine, I consider that to be overcooked. The snapper, hardly discernible in the sea of sauce, was of a similar leather texture. Not to be outdone, the cioppino quickly took center stage to illustrate how the once mighty have truly fallen. The cioppino was why I returned, but, alas, has turned into one of the reasons I will not return. The only other experience I have had with something as salty as the cioppino was a high school experiment in supersaturation. What I don't understand is how SottoM was able to avoid salt crystallizing on the spoon. Truly amazing.   Did I mention the loud, drunken, haven't-forgotten-the-frathouse-days tables surrounding us? I have now.   Hoping to just cut our losses, pay up and leave, unfortunately they managed to make us even more regretful of the decision to go here. It took leaving the table and tapping our our waiter on his shoulder to just request the check. It took another personal visit to the counter to get someone to actually run the card through the machine and complete our misery. Finally the check was unceremoniously presented, and I guess the one plus to the night is that my dad paid, but I do feel a bit guilty for wasting his money.    Guilty enough that I am writing about it, which should speak volumes.
So this is my first review but not my first time in the north beach area.I read a bunch of the reviews before venturing out to try a new place and my arm was twisted once I heard the great food reviews. Well, on way in I decided it would be a good idea to call in a reservation. They kindly told me over the phone it would be no problem to just walk in.When my friend and I arrived it was crowded. There seemed to be only one host and the line to get close to her was literally out the door. It was a little hecktic as passers by, wanted to ask "how long a wait". One guy came out blushing as he was told, youll just have to wait your turn. There was a group of three people in front who were complaining about trying to get a reservation over the phone and were told to just come in no reservation needed.. yet left and right reservations were being called. This is why I deducted the two stars.Confusing reservation tacticts.The host then offered wine to the upset trio and quickly they were wisked away to their seats. I was next and was seated at the bar. From there the experience was great. Fresh mussles, and the clam chowder started us out. Then The sand dabbs, and Cioppino topped the night. Since Cioppino i was told, takes a while to prepare, It took some time to get our food. During the meal I made a mistake to look at my phone for any incoming messages, and the host quickly said in a loud voice pointing to the door, that i had to turn off my phone because she needed the seat for the people waiting at the door. A bit later a little old lady and her date were told, " guys i need these seats if your finished."  Seemed a tad bit rude, but funny in a way.... was she serious? Dont know. But guess what, Im going back with my most picky finicky friend who doesnt have hairs on her tonge..(meaning she will probably say something and a funny show might ensue) After we paid, we scurried off, and laughed all the way to the car. Our experience took about 2 hours from start to finish without a reservation. In the voice of Arnold Swartzenegger, " Well BE BACK"
We came to this establishment because of Yelp. We arrived. There was a line. The line moved quickly as it was late.  A waitress sat us at the counter. We ordered wine. We got wine. We ordered our dish. We got our dish. All was excellent. Yet, when we finished, they offered us more wine (at no charge). And when we finished our food, because there had been the slightest of errors, we got more food (at no charge). It felt like eating in my mother's kitchen... except the food was spectacular. With this type of food, I do not mind an aloof server. With this type of service, I would not mind less than stellar food. We got both the best food and the best service. This is our favorite restaurant in San Francisco. There is a small silent TV above the door. Go Giants!
Came to this place a while ago (on the same day of the Italian Festival in North Beach) and I am still thinking about those delicious dishes I had at this place. The sea scallops were the simply the best scallops I've ever tasted, and I couldn't stop eating my dad's grilled petrale sole... The oysters were super fresh and delicious. The meal would have been even better if we ordered wine. But I wanted to save money as the dishes were quite expensive (although definitely worth it). I will definitely go back again when I get the chance... and of course, the extra money.
This place looks like one of those classic New England seafood type joints. You walk in, the "hostess" tells you to sit wherever you want (there's a choice of one long, friendly counter, or a few tables.) On each table is a roll of paper towels, a pitcher of water, and hot sauce. Perfect. We ordered a dozen west coast oysters ($1 each!), the baccala, a bowl of clam chowder (or chowdah if you come from where I'm from), and the combination louie salad. The oysters were delish! Really fresh, the perfect size, and served with lemon and cocktail sauce. The baccala was also great, I still don't know what it is, but it was so good, I used our last piece of bread to wipe the plate down and ate it. The chowder was a little weak. Coming from New England, I expect chowder to be thick, creamy, chunky, and steaming hot. This chowder was just alright. It tasted okay, was not that chunky, was a bit too liquidy, and wasn't quite hot enough. Also, they don't pick out the bay leaves after cooking the chowder, so you have to kind of pull them out of your mouth every couple of bites.After having read all the yelp reviews about the combination louie salad, I decided to give it a try. Well, my friend and I were both a bit disappointed. It comes with crab, bay shrimp, and prawns. While the seafood was fresh and tasted great, the salad was...well just shredded iceberg lettuce. Not even large, bite size lettuce leaves, but literally the type of shredded lettuce that is usually served underneath your food as a garnish. And even though I know louie salads are all about the seafood, for $17.00 they could have thrown in a tomato or used romaine at least...who serves iceberg these days? All in all though it was a really good experience. The wait staff was uber friendly and attentive. I would definitely go back, and I would probably order the louie again just for the quantity of fresh seafood on it. One star off for the coke my friend ordered. $3.25 for a can of coke?!! Who do they think they are, a movie theater?
cioppino, cioppino, cioppino! i don't usually like tomato-based dishes as much, but this was GOOD. the seafood was cooked to perfection. no rubber shrimp or calamari. no flaky crab or scallops. no sandy mussels or clams... and a wonderful blend of spice. the soup works perfectly with french bread, and the server was super friendly. only two things i can pick on... the bread would be even better if they gave it a quick toast in the oven and the penne in the cioppino was probably unnecessary.
So, it was the last day in San Francisco and I couldn't leave without eating Cioppino. I would have to say it was a life changing experience. Very rarely do I enjoy something so much that I stop talking...... it almost never happens. I was only interested in getting Cioppino and maybe a few oysters. Service was good, attentive, and right on cue. A nice, local place with a very casual feel. All types of people were in there, business people, couples, locals. We didn't wait too long for our food which was nice. We started with raw oyster shooters, it was good and fresh, but I'm not a huge raw oyster fan so a few was good enough for me. Then came the most amazing thing... Sea food Cioppino. The entire sea was in there. Scallops, clams, mussels, crab, salmon, and penne pasta. It was more than enough for two, but we still finished it. It was nice that they cracked the shells already for you. When I come back to San Francisco I would definitely love to come back.
Unfortunately I can't rate the food because the owner turned me off so much that I left so not to deal w/ him all evening. I have lived in the neighborhood for over 20 years and have dealt with all types of sometimes obnoxious machismo types, but this guy..well..at the door he made a totally offensive joke re. fish and women, treated us like complete idiots/tourists, wouldn't let us sit down at an empty table until he explained the fish in the cooler as if we had never even heard of salmon, commanded me to take my hands out of my pockets and shoved a list of other places where we could get dessert afterwards because THEY DON'T SERVE DESSERT OF CHICKEN OR MEAT..blah, blah, blah. So we went down the street...
The place was pretty empty when I went in for lunch (on a monday afternoon), but I was really happy with the $1 Westcoast oysters (Tomales Bay pacifics) and the $2 Eastcoast (Beau Soleil's from Canada). The pacifics were all really small ("we buy them for taste, not to fill you up"), sometimes a bit too small, but at $1, I won't complain. The beau soleils were beautiful, all uniformly sized and slightly bigger then the pacifics. Also had a bowl of chowder which was very good (tasted distinctly of something like pancetta), and also ordered the sand dabs ($16-17). Kind of pricey for the fish, so next time I'll just split it with whomever I'm eating with, but it was very fresh.Definitely coming back for more oysters!
I kinda love reading bad reviews of this place because it means less people there when I want to go! So don't go, you probably won't like it. That is, if you don't like delicious (and at $1.50, affordable) Tomales Bay oysters, fantastic clam chowder, ridiculously good pastas and don't even get me started on the Sand Dabs, sometimes served with the most perfect little squash and zucchini. Really, please don't try any of the above with a freezing cold little Miller High Life (beer taste better in small bottles) or a generous glass of wine. Please don't try it if you on on the fence. I prefer it to be our little secret. Thank you.
I would go here for the chowder alone - better than Swan's or Woodhouse. Plenty of fresh fish to choose from, cooked any way you like (except for dore). The only weak link is the crab louie - not enough crab, too many little pieces of shell. And it's owned by local Italian San Franciscans. Now that so many of the old style North Beach restaurants are gone, we need to keep this place happening. Tell your friends, not tourists!!
Great food. Gigi the owner quite a personality. This is a must everytime I visit San Fran.
Had lunch here on a Wednesday, sat at the bar, and OMG I am going back. I don't know what in the hell is in the bacalao, but it is clearly crack related as I almost licked the plate. My crab cocktail was a bowl of pristine crab with a drizzle of cocktail sauce and a lemon- perfecto. Hmmm.......I have no lunch plans today................
Just came back from my second trip to Sotto Mare and this place is quickly becoming my neighborhood favorite! I've lived nearby for two years and am absolutely kicking myself for not trying this place out sooner! The food is fresh and so delicious and I love the waiter (an older gentleman) and Gigi and the whole rest of the staff is so friendly and fun. Thanks to them my husband and I didn't leave ANY lobster behind on our plate (they kept giving us suggestions on how to get at more of the meat). The first time we went there Gigi gave us each a free glass of wine because he said they were being too loud (even though they weren't). I love the neighborhood feel and service...that person who gave this place one star clearly wasn't looking for a neighborhood place, maybe they should try somewhere in Hollywood instead...Oh and did I mention Sotto Mare has great prices?? I got a whole lobster for $19, you can't beat that! And the oysters, yum! The cioppino was incredible and soooo full of fresh seafood including fresh crab...If you haven't been here, do yourself a favor and go immediately. The only way you won't like this place is if you hate good food and friendly service.
Holy crap, this place was great. Called on a Saturday Night not realizing they close fairly early. Gigi, the owner, answered and then I HAD to check it out. Great cracked crab, great manila clams and linguine with white sauce, but the Server - I'm in love. Absolutely beautiful... owner's niece, maybe? Unbelievable - I'd go back just to see her again, but the food was great and the price couldn't be beat!
My family and I had an awesome experience at Sotto Mare. We called 3 hours before to see if they had could accommadate a group of 7 on a Saturday evening and they did! We were greeted with a giant hello from the owner when we stepped into his restaurant. We were led to a quant basement where groups are usually seated. It's a bit tight but since rent in North Beach is high I can understand. We ordered their clam chowder, fettucine with scallops with a white sauce, cioppino, and linguine with seafood. My husband was a bit overwhelmed with the cream they put on the sauce but lets just say he finished every bit and the last little bit of clam chowder. The cioppino was so good my father-in-law asked for more bread so he could soak up the juices. There were plenty of crab legs, mussels, clams, shrimp, and bits of pieces to share. My absolute favorite dish is their sand dabs. They give you plenty and it tasted so yummy! Bread was included in the meal and the owner encouraged us to bring our own wine next time. Cost per person was around lower twenties with no alcohol.For those with kids the space is tight but the service was fast and there's a small area before the dining area where they can walk around a little...keeping an eye on the passing food. We were done in 1.5 hours.Will definitely be going back!
A great North Beach restaurant. We had the seafood linguine and sand drabs. They were both excellent. The sand drabs were cooked perfectly and were very tasty. They came on a huge plate that contained about 8 small fillets for only $19. It was some of the best fish I ever had. The linguine was full of mussels, clams, calamari, and shrimp. It was fantastic. The white sauce perfectly complemented the seafood, and the noodles tasted homemade. We had the pinot grigio as well, and was told that the owner put it on the menu because he liked the bottle. The service was a bit slow at times, but it did not bother us at all. We asked for suggestions on the food, and we got more than we desired. This was the best food we had in San Francisco. The owner came and visited us several times. I was also glad to see that he was very involved with the kitchen staff, making sure everything came out perfect. The cioppino smelled and looked amazing as well. We only had to wait about 5 minuted for a table on a busy Thursday night.
i think my family is going to be Jealllllllous! because they live in the inland empire and do not access to fresh cracked crab. But I, on the other hand, work mere yards from Sotto Mare - serving fresh cracked crab with lemon and cocktail sauce for a mere $8!! i can't beleive my joy at having this treat for lunch - and it's so darn easy. i hope i'm not making you jealous too.....
We arrived and were treated like family by the hostess and our waitress. She made everything sound so delicious and said that the fish on the specials board had probably been swimming that morning. My wife and I went for our anniversary and we're going afterword to Beach Blanket Babylon. We started with a Crab Louie that was a HUGE mound of sweet Dungeness Crab on top of lettuce with louis dressing on the side. It was big enough to split as an appetizer and very much what you want from this dish which is crab, crab and more crab. Then onto their signature dish, Crab Cioppino. This was brimming with, yes CRAB, mussels, clams, calamari, scallops and salmon in a light marinara sauce and some penne at the bottom. Definitely a dish to share along with some good bread! We loved everything we had and will definitely be back for more!
I love a place that makes me feel like I'm part of the neighborhood. I got to know the cook, not well enough to get his name, but to get his life history - he grew up in berkeley and is friends with the owner of the building. The fish is fresh, I had the sea bass with lemon, olive oil and arugula, and I had an oyster shot, which was my first one and very good. I'm def. coming back here - it's so hard for me to find lunch places that serve fish (I don't eat meat).
Absolutely delicious sand daubs, classic San Francisco, and their clam chowder is the best I've ever had. I really enjoyed this place. We went for lunch and sat at the bar. I love the bar, this beautiful clouded marble. Very nice place with great old school service.
Love this place. Great food, fun atmosphere, can't wait to go back! It is a gem of a restaurant! Yes, Gigi is cranky but it adds to the charm. Definitely try the sand dabs and the choppino. Yummy!
Very interesting place with lots of character. We had reservations but still had to wait about 20 mins to be seated. The owner is a riot. He had me hand out menus to the people sitting outside because all of the other wait staff were busy. Instead of a dessert menu we were handed a piece of paper explaining why they didn't serve dessert... But after we were seated he rewarded us with a bottle of wine on the house. Food was pretty good and the atmosphere was lively. I enjoyed the experience overall.
Let me just preface this review by saying that a friend and I have been waiting to go to this restaurant for a year now. We saw the awesome reviews and heard from friends what great this place is. And it definitely was. It was one of those rare occurrences of hearing stellar reviews, then feeling wary of a potential over-hyped experience, BUT BAM, it knocks you off your socks.We ordered their much-raved-about crab cioppinio. They were extremely generous with the amounts of seafoood -- shells were STUFFED with meat. And the broth/soup/stew was just perfect. I never had an Italian dish so authentic and tasty. And we ate it with bread...seriously if I didn't know what it meant to be full, I would have kept going at it.We also ordered the "chef's selection" seafood linguini. The last time I had amazing linguini was in Rome. The pasta was cooked to al dente. The creamy (and not to heavy) sauce melted in my mouth along with the clams and other marine goodness.Now with that said, our meal was going so well until we asked the owner to kindly pack our leftovers (for a $50 meal PLUS leftovers for SEAFOOD -- totally worth it. AND we're big eaters for girls so that's saying something.) After paying and realizing our leftovers never came back, we asked one of the servers about it. The owner told us that he thought we didn't want it and said he threw it out. We kindly admitted that there must been some confusion and after some awkward moments of back-and-forths, the owner asked (more like demanded) if we wanted a discount?? My friend, being the angel she is, kindly declined but I snuck in a quick, but audible "YES." GiGi, the owner, hastily grabbed a gift certificate and pretty much gave us a free meal for the same value. We accepted it hesitantly and before we left, he said "now if you're LYING, then it's bad luck for the both of you.." like he was besetting a plague on us..While I really did appreciate his enthusiastic and comfortable attitude initially, I really didn't like the way he handled the situation. Did he really think we maliciously told him to throw away his delicious fooood and LIE about it just so we can get a free meal next time???? REALLY?? And we didn't even complain when he took some of our bread and DOUBLE-DIPPED in our cioppinio. I personally thought it was funny but my friend was like "BOIL THAT SHIT." (under the mistaken guise that we would have leftovers..)After much thought, my friend decided to send the gift certificate back. Although we would have appreciated the compensation, we (more like my friend. I would have just accepted it and taken a hit at my pride.) would rather accept it under an atmosphere of trust and less hostility.I definitely will still go back. The food is just too good. BUT I reallly, reallly hope that this review gets back to the restaurant not only to express our dissatisfaction with the way we were treated, but also to reassure them that we were in NO WAY trying to hustle a free meal from them. I've been telling all my friends and family what a wonderful place this was despite our experience, emphasizing more on the former. But maybe I should also remind them to enunciate every request if they need anything from GiGi...
I came here on the Yelp reviews. Man, it was pretty difficult to find. Drove around the block a few times, no big signs, they don't even go by that name. And they close early, so I could only do take-out. Then had to run out to get money because it is cash-only. At first glance, it ain't that cheap. $8/pint of clam chowder, $15 for the combination louie salad. But I have to say, it's worth it. Basically the louie salad was a lot of seafood and some salad. For the amount of seafood on that salad, it's cheap. Clam chowder was pretty good too. I can't say it was the best, but definitely one of the better ones. Next time I'll try to get there earlier and sit at the counter.
Food was great, but I wouldn't take anyone special here. Service was not at all cordial and the owner rushed us out the door after having us switch tables intra-meal.
This place tops Swan Depot Oyster House hands down. Get the San Dabs for lunch...huge plate of delicately pan fried fish. Understated wine list with great recommendations for your meal. This place will take you back in time. The staff is VERY friendly and the food is just spectacular.
Tried both the "east" and "west" oysters, I'd have to say I preferred the "Canadian" to the "Tomales bay". They were smaller and saltier but had a yummy-tang about them where as the larger, seemingly fresher oysters tasted only of sea-water. Shrimp cocktail was a let down for sure despite the pleasing enough cocktail sauce.  The Stella was perfect, the wine was terrible. 6 oysters+ 6 shrimp+ two drinnks+21% = $51!
I took my family here to give them a taste of old san francisco italian style North Beach. Being from Chicago, the gruff but friendly service didn't bother me at all. While the fish was fresh, it was poorly prepared. No one of the five folks I was with particularly enjoyed their meal. Overall, it was OK food in a cramped somewhat drab old restaurant albeit with at least some authentic character which might be of interest to some. But, this place is a bit of a tourist trap in my opinion.
Omg amazing little hole in the wall that has some of the best seafood in town. Cioppino was amazing. Huge portion full of seafood with an amazing broth that is best sopped up with the crunchy bread. Sand dabs were delicious with just the right amount of crust on the outside of these tender filets. A little squeeze of lemon and dig in. No dessert or coffee served here so be prepared to take your sweet tooth elsewhere.
We went there for lunch. We had the west coast oysters for appetizers. They were small but very sweet. Enjoyed the cioppino very much. There is enough for two. The sole was fresh and tasty. Very friendly and comfortable place to have lunch. The only thing we missed was dessert because they don't serve dessert. But we will go back for the cioppino and oysters.
Try the Clam Chowder and Cioppino. Both are to die for but so are many other dishes. Everyone is pleasant in this casual restaurant but the cooking is serious. Don't miss it.
First off - Crab was amazing! I'm not a big seafood person but I took my family from out of town who wanted seafood and everyone loved it. I ordered a basic linguine w/ pesto and it was OUT OF THIS WORLD. Not just a pasta dish, but a great pasta dish. Everyone else ordered the Seafood Carpaccio and loved it. The food is great, the ambiance is great. The owner walks around and talks with all the tables. If you're looking for a fun, nice restaurant with great pastas and seafood go here!
Outstanding food!! The reviews are all true. We both had one of their fresh fish dishes and were both blown away. The flavor, the freshness was amazing. While it's not fancy, it's a very real place and I loved that. We actually found the service to be fun, pleasant. We can't wait to go back.
We went to Sotto Mare based on Yelp reviews, and again we weren't disappointed.... the oysters were fresh and cheap at $1 each... we got a ton of other seafood and they were real fresh as well... the crabs didn't have much taste in them though, I kindda prefer the ones at Fisherman's Wharf... They have really awesome clam chowder, and the special, the sand dabs with roaster vegetables, was delicious... cash only though! so remember to bring enough cash with you...
i dig this joint. it's seriously what i'd call a "joint": all counter seating, super casual, and a ton of repeat business. went here b/c of the number of positive reviews on yelp. my husband and i tried the clam chowder, mixed seafood salad, sand dabs (special), and half a dozen oysters.  if i had had only oysters the whole evening, review would've been 5 stars: half a dozen *quality* oysters for $6! i love oysters and would've ordered more, but we were doing the sharkfest swim from alcatraz the next morning, so we couldn't overindulge, especially on raw seafood. other items we tried were pretty good but nothing worth fussing over. generally, i enjoyed the experience and thought the neighborhood atmosphere was a nice change of pace.(btw, the swim was a blast (5-star experience ;))- my 2nd time! well worth it if you don't mind the chilly ocean water in sf.)
The seabass was tragically overcooked and the risotto was lacking that creamy quality and was more like seafood with rice. The wine was cheap and good as were the West Coast oysters.
Wow ! All excited to eat here after the great reviews. Made a reservation for 6 to celebrate my 50th b-day and called to add one more. The owner said no can't do 7. Couldn't, wouldn',t told us not to come! So sad! Moving on to another place!
What a find!  Thanks Yelp.  We had cracked crab, fettuccine with smoked salmon and monkfish with a nice bottle of the house pinot grigio. It was delicious.
I love this place! Good food and good people. If you love Swan's, this is better than Swan's. Well.. good and fresh seafood can never go wrong, but when you have people with personality running the show, it makes the entire experience so much better. I had oysters, shrimp cocktail, and the steamed crab. Soo delicious. And yes.. they really do have dollar oysters all day and they're FRESH!
Sotto Mare is not about food - this place is about an experience. Pray that you'll have to wait until a table is available so that they'll offer you a complementary glass of house wine. Which, by the way, is a delicious South African Sauvignon Blanc. The fresh fish on display at the entrance is what you get. It's all super fresh. They don't need pretentious names for their meals or fancy sides. Fish of your choice is prepared with delicious seasoning, plain, crunchy veggies on the side and it comes fast. The service is amazing. And some really interesting peeps! You'll have to try their clam chowder. Get the bowl - don't just order a cup! You'll find yourself cleaning your plate with the bread to make sure you don't leave any of the chowder behind. So far we had lobster (in garlic butter), red snapper (with tomato cream sauce with shrimps), scallops (best seasoning ever!) and steamed mussels (large plate). Every single meal was delicious. Prices are not exactly moderate ($19/seafood and clam or mussel dishes, $17/pasta w/ seafood dish) but it's absolutely worth it! We went twice within 2 weeks and we'll be back soon!
Did I go to the same place as everyone else? I went here based on the enthusiastic reviews and was immediately skeptical: the place screams tourist trap. Kitsch on the walls, quirky waitstaff, strangely exorbitant prices. But I ignored my instincts to flee and deferred to its yelp love. Never again. The food is bland and uninventive, and while the fish is admittedly fresh, the prices are wildly out of sync with the product. Seven bucks for a salad that looks like it came from the fixin's station at Subway? Twenty bucks for a spattering of undersized scallops in a tepid sauce with some sauteed zucchini? Come on. This has to be one of the lowest value meals in the whole city.
sotto mare, a super neighborhoody seafood spot in north beach. very casual/family environment, old school. simple menu. get the sand dabs.
Nothing fancy about this joint but the food is very good. Grabbed a seat at the bar and indulged in a HUGE bowl of cioppino. The seafood was fresh and yummy! Looking forward to eating here again on future business trips.
A breathe of fresh sea air. Great seafood at very reasonable prices with a really friendly staff. A very welcome change of pace from all the Italian places in North Beach. And it feels homey - there is a sense of community where people seem to know each other or at least talk to nearby patrons as if they do. Sort of like Cheers without making alcoholism look glamorous.  One suggesting - remove the fluorescent lights in the kitchen area.  Bravo!
woohoo, really as good as it gets. seafood is always delicious and fresh. price is very reasonable. i always swear i can eat the entire cioppino bc it is so good but really cannot in the end. staff is warm and friendly. try getting there "late" at 9pm to sit at the end of the bar next to the chef cooking. took family there for a feast recently and we all agreed it is a gem. if you are in sf north beach forget about all the other italian tourist restaurants on columbus ave!
Not touristy!! Not expensive!! FUN and delicious!
Simply the best SF Italian/Seafood restaurant and certainly one of the Best in North Beach. I just returned from a trip to NYC and a $300 per person meal at Le Bernardin (28 Zagat)...but was blown away at how much better this was. The fresh Pasta is cooked perfectly, the sauces are real, the seafood is the freshest - sweet, etc. The main dishes all had 1-2 peices of perfectly cooked seafood with each forkfull. The daily prepared chowder sings. The owner and wait staff were ever attentive.  The setting is casual, relaxing, comfortable, and very clean. This superb place has soul.
OK, I've had the cracked crab, crab cocktail, clam chowder, linguini with clams, fresh oysters, sand dabs (don't squirt lemon it as the owner told me, and I finally did not the 20th time getting it and it was SO much better), numerous other fresh fish, SEAFOOD RISOTTO (look, the risotto is UNBELIEVABLE in the amount of seafood and buttery rich goodness), other numerous pasta dishes (their red sauce is spiced to perfection). Yeah, sometimes people think their fish is plain, but I personally don't like a bunch of stuff on fish. Here you can taste the FRESHness of everything, and a lot of that has to be done simplistically. I know the wait staff and they are great. They will get to you when they can. This is no tourist joint and they don't kiss your butt. You will love it. (UPDATE: They have a new chef that isn't as good as the last, but this place is awesome in its ambience and local coolness)
I love gigi's!!! My boyfriend and I walked in one day on a whim and have been going back ever since. We love getting the oyster shooters, so delicious and a great value! We always get whatever is fresh the "gigi way" which means just grilled with salt pepper and olive oil. I highly suggest this way if you love seafood. The fish is so fresh it doesn't need any fancy sauce. Last but no least, the people are awesome!!! Gigi is so nice as are all the wait staff. One of my favorite places in the city!!!
Friends from out of town wanted seafood in North Beach. I yelped and this place came up - I'm glad it did! This place serves simple, fresh food and when they run out, they are out - no freezers here! Be warned this restaurant is very small - they probably seat more people at the bar than they do at the tables - if you can make reservations, do it. We couldn't because they don't take them for less than 4 people. The menu is not extensive - they have a few fish dishes and a few pasta dishes, so if you're looking for lots of choice for picky people, look elsewhere. They had run out of fish for the risotto so we all had the sole with lemon/butter/caper sauce. Wow, was that a lot of fish! It was the whole fish (for each of us!) - head off, tail on, you debone it yourself. We were teased by everyone on the staff about getting the same dish but I still think we made the right choice. My friends have shellfish allergies so there wasn't a lot on the menu to choose from (especially since they'd run out of fish b/c it was Columbus Day). Everyone on the staff seems to enjoy working here, and they have personality to spare! If you're looking for a local experience and a simple but tasty menu in North Beach, this is a good place to go! Price for three whole soles and two drinks per person: $90 ($30pp).
they know they're good on yelpand they are good.seafood risotto !clam chowder !
the best crab ciopinno in town! it is to die for, and die for again!we go there and stuff our faces with crab ciopinno and oysters (for 2) for $30+.staff is friendly, they are usually packed. small place, difficult seating but all ignored and forgiven for the cioppino that i put on an altar worthy of daily worship. i don't drink sodas but usually order a sprite or alike to go with my meal, it cuts through the buttery and tomatoey tastes so it isn't too overwhelming.at the end of my meal (every meal, they remember me there), i get petted on my head for a good job done on licking the copper bowl in which they serve the cioppino in, as i slowly waddle out of the restuarant and roll home.
The food was delicious and the ambiance was great (both worthy of 5 stars), but it was a bit pricey (though not for seafood, I guess). The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the guy who I assumed was the owner made a very offensive racist comment to me. I thought about taking my business elsewhere (i.e., leaving) immediately, but decided not to make a scene. In general, this guy made me feel pretty uncomfortable, but everything else was great.
What a great place in North Beach. The best - friendly, great prices. fun.
solid clam chowder (for the west coast), great fettuccine!
Fantastic! Wonderful grilled fish (the sole was our favorite), shrimp cocktail, and atmosphere. And, the price is great! Its like a clean Fisherman's Wharf restaurant with better seafood.
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck YES!
After my meal here on Saturday night, this is my new home. Loved the chowder to start. Then had the BEST sand dabs. A generous pour of red wine on the side and I left happy.
This is a fun place to eat and G.G is a hoot. If you're looking for polite service then don't eat here. G.G. is not rude he's just having a lot of fun at work and trying to make you enjoy your meal at his restaurant. It's very informal but the food is delicious. It's a family run business and they are wonderful people. The grilled fillet of sandabs was scrumptious and the clam chowder is the best in the city. I would go back for a pint of this and have it as my entree.
2nd time been here with my two teenagers. One who does not like seafood...anyway....We show up middle afternoon and service has never been an issue. Ordered pasta alfredo for nonfish lover -- happy as a clam ha! Had the risotta of the day which was full of seafood. My hubby makes fantastic risotta so I do have something to compare to. Today, Sotto Mare's risotta was a bit off. Wet and enough sand in some of the clams or mussels to be distracting. But would definitely eat here again as the place just has a good feeling.
I don't eat seafood, but I wanted to take the boy here for his birthday because he loves seafood. And, he loved it! He had the cracked crab and sand abs and said they were both wonderful. I had the fettuccine Alfredo, it was good, but nothing to write home about, which is understandable, it's a seafood place, so I wasn't expecting anything outstanding. They put zucchini and sun dried tomatoes in it, which added some good flavor. I wanted to take the boy to an off the hook seafood place, and this is it! The waitress was very friendly and I loved the atmosphere. Very diner-ish. Minor complaints: They forgot to bring him silverware with his meal, and then they also forgot to bring me silverware with mine. And, they charge $3.25 for a CAN of COKE. Not even free refills of fountain soda, but just 1 can of coke that they probably buy wholesale for 30 cents or something. I know it's the city, but come on. That seems a bit much. Overall, this place totally rocks.
Let me get this straight-you pay a dollar for an oyster the size of a flattened marble, eight dollars for shrimp cocktail where the shrimp are the size of a quarter a string bean-no, smaller than that- and about a cup in amount and a shrimp salad Louise that is the same mini shrimp over shredded iceberg lettuce witha side of commercial salad dressing for twelve dollars and people rave? WTF????? As I told my son, the best thing to do with a meal like that is forget it.
Was expecting heaven on earth from one of Yelp's top-rated Italian seafood restaurants. Unfortunately, we sat for so long without a waitress that I started to wonder if we'd said something to piss off the staff. When it finally arrived, the bread basket was stale and we had to create our own olive oil dipping plate. The very first thing we ordered, the cracked crab, arrived last. And the house wine was very "housy", if you will. On the other hand, the clam chowder was fantastic: fresh, creamy, clammy goodness. The Chef's seafood pasta was chock full of tasty scallops, shrimp, fish, and whatever else those little rascals were. Finally, the soundtrack to our evening - Willie Nelson and Hank Williams, Jr. - was pretty much awesome. So, to recap our night: crappy service, great seafood.
we just got back from lunch and it was fantastic!!! h ad the monk fish which was to die for... my boyfriend had the risotto... and loved it... we also enjoyed the oysters.. they were fresh and delicious.. the service was great! Can't wait to eat here again!!
Having worked for Parisian Bakery for over 25 years I have been around a lot of wonderful restaurants without a doubt this is in the top 3. Love the food and friendly atmosphere. Returning with 23 friends on the 19th of Jan. The owner is on top of everything and has the cleanest bathrooms in San Francisco. Finally found a place that cooks pesto the way I like it and petrale soul to die for.
went here a while ago and i believe i had the seafood linguini while the bf had seafood risotto. basically they were the same thing except with rice or noodles haha. even so, i loved the linguni. they pack on lots of seafood, even too much for me because i like a large noodle to seafood ratio haha. oh, and try the clam chowder, its pretty good.
soooooooooooooooooooo good. arrive hungry!
Sotto Mare has been an establishment for well over 100 years. These one hundred plus seem to have served them well. The laid back, friendly service is wonderful. I love the feel of walking into a place that has history, sitting down at a counter that is lord-knows-how-old, and being greeted by a smile and some bread. Knowing that this is one of the top places to order delicious clam chowder, that is what we started off with. I must say, it was pleasantly satisfying, and very soupy, less creamy. I enjoyed the chunks of everything, including fresh clams; letting you know all the fresh delectables contributing to the well-rounded flavors. The counter is laden with a variety of hot sauces, most differing in silly name; all ready to attack your tongue with heat (I love it!). We followed with oyster shots, which were tasty, but not incredible; and a crab salad that was mainly a pile of crab meat atop a small bit of lettuce, with a side of Thousand Island dressing -- no complaints there. I would have to say that the highlight was definitely the chowder. I wouldn't go back for anything else. Their service was also wonderful.
Best seafood ever. Nothing ever not fresh.
Love it! They serve the best clam chowder in San Francisco, to say the least that is. Clean, friendly, great service, a true seafood bar with excellent fresh food. A must if you live in or are visiting SF.
Cioppino was ama-aa-zing! Service was friendly and the prices were fair. I liked it so much I went twice in one week.
If SNL ran a seafood restaurant, this is what it would be. It's a fun and funny place, with the owner -- Gigi -- welcoming one and all and cajoling the staff (and the customers). On a "quiet" Monday night, there was a party atmosphere. The walls are crammed with maritime (and non-maritime) chotchkas. Just think kitcsh.  There are perhaps 5 tables and counter seating for about 20. I give it an A for fun and friendliness. Unfortunately, the food didn't grab me. Started with a house salad, which was iceberg lettuce with a few tomato quarters. Iceberg lettuce? It was very fresh, and the thousand island dressing was very good, but iceberg lettuce? Are we still in Kansas, Toto? And bread that tasted like plaster. What's up with that in a town that only has dozens great sourdoughs? Then had a house specialty -- cioppino. Large portion for $27, which seemed a bit steep compared to the prices for everything else on the menu. It was full of seafood, but had a surprisingly bland tomato-based broth. I've had much better for much less. The wife had grilled petrale sole, which was good, and also was a generous portion. Overall, an interesting experience, and it's a place that you might want to bring out of town visitors for some local color, fresh oysters and grilled petrale, but given the multitude of great places in the Bay Area, once was enough for me.
