One star Michelin.... I wondered why as the place is soo chill and laid back but the environment and food made me convince why they earned that star!First and foremost this place is soooo "chill" just like what our server would say! Servers are hipsters. I feel like 90% of the staff were wearing plaid shirts.. This place is definitely a hipster place. I love how they go around with bites. My boyfriend couldn't stop ordering and picking as every dish is so appealing!Hog island oyster, spicy kohlrabi kraut & sesame $3 - This was just okay. Not mind blowing.Duck liver mousse with almond biscuit $6- combination of the duck liver mousse and almond biscuit was heaven!Grilled octopus with red chili vinaigrette $9 - Everything was tasty. Chips and salmon ($9) - I love the salmon dip! So good! must order when you see the cart!CA state bird with provisions wolfe ranch quail / vacaville, CA $15 - Do not order! full of battered. So fried up, not worth it. Red trout with toasted hazelnut-mandarin-garum vinaigrette $11 - My favorite!!! the fish was fresh! love the combination of the fish and mandarin and the veggies.Overall, I actually really like this place. Not everything was a hit but the environment, music, and setting make it a memorable dining experience! I would definitely recommend this place! P.S the price is not that bad especially that this place is a Michelin restaurant :)
This place is all fancy with their long reservation list, but it's good and not as pretentious as I thought it would be. It was me and my husband, but if I was to return, I would go back with at least another couple so you can really sample more food. - Ice Cream Sandwich: A must! Definitely order. Save room. and if you don't have room, just order it anyway. - State Bird Provision: Classic. Delicious and well seasoned.- Shot of Cold Ink Noodle Broth: Weird. It's not yummy at all.- Toasts and Pancakes: get them all. So worth it.- Trout Dip: Yum. This would be delicious as an app.
Came by around 6pm on a weekday and the hostess told us it was about a 2 hour wait. Since my bf and I were dying to try this place and had a late lunch, we decided to go grab some drinks before dinner. We really liked that they tell you approximately how long the wait is and that they will call/text you if a spot opens up earlier (which did happen in our case).I was confused as to why they call it "dim sum style" and not tapas, but I got it once I sat down. There are servers bringing out plates and explaining each one and you pick what you like. They are definitely meant to be shared by 2 people so you can try a little bit of everything. Each plate ranges from about $3 to $10 with some higher priced plates on the menu available to order.We tried some things they were bringing around and ordered a few things off the menu. The state bird with provisions is a must order. Another one I enjoyed was the Hog Island oysters. Everything tasted so fresh and had such unique flavors. The pancakes and toasts were a little bit on the heavy side, but they are such small portions that it was just perfect. I was really upset that I overstuffed myself so I didn't get to try any of the desserts. Overall, the atmosphere is great. Even though we sat at a communal table with another couple, it was very spacious so it still felt like you had your own table.
Finally got to try this place after trying to get a reservation for months! Luckily one day I was on opentable and got a reservation at 845pm. This has been one of the hardest restaurants to get a reservation! With that said, I was expecting mind blowing food, but it wasn't anything like that. My boyfriend and I came here for date night. We tried many dishes, there were more "just ok" dishes than excellent dishes. Our top favorites were the ca state bird, oolong ice cream sandwiches, mushroom toast and crispy pork belly. The state bird was so crispy and flavorful, usually I hate quail cause it tastes strange but this made me thoroughly enjoy it. The mushroom toast was super flavorful, I'm not sure what they used to marinate those mushrooms but it was so tasty! The oolong ice cream was amazing, it had a good flavor and it wasn't too sweet! I could have eaten it all by myself but sadly I had to share with my boyfriend. We also had a few other dishes that weren't really good. We tried steak tartare, it was different from what we usually have. They had thick fat chunks instead of small, minced like texture. It was flavorless and bland. The butternut squash Mochi was a bit greasy and a little bland as well, we did not really enjoy these dishes. The final fish that wasn't great was the garlic bread with burrata. The burrata was tasty but the dough for the garlic bread was greasy and did not have any garlic flavor, it was a bit disappointing. I guess I should have listened to previous yelpers opinions. Overall, this place did not live up to the hype. It was ok but since their menu always changes I wouldn't mind going again to try some of their new dishes.Total for 2: $120
When my friend wants something for her birthday, I'm going to do my best to make it happen. Even if it means standing for 2 hours in the freezing cold wind and intermittent rain on a busy street in San Francisco in front of a restaurant with no name on its store front. Yeah.It was a great adventure. A once in a lifetime experience at a place where reservations are difficult to obtain. You can go standby like we did and be the first in line to make sure that you get in. We sat at the counter where we were entertained by the chefs. It was so amazing! The food was so different and creative! They serve small plates like dim sum style by walking around with trays of brilliant goodness such as Sourdough Garlic Bread with Burrata, special Dumplings, Pork Belly, Duck Liver Mousse with almond biscuits, and Potato croquet with Bay Shrimp in Garlic sauce. The servers will mark your bill with tic marks as if you're at a dim sum place. We also selected items from the printed menu: Hedgehog Mushroom Toast, Everything Buckwheat-Beef tongue pastrami pancake, Butternut Squash "mochi " with Brussel sprouts, savory oats and black truffle; and California State Bird (quail). It was a fabulous and unique dinner. The service was excellent. ..they removed used plates and empty dishes promptly. We were able to order anything from any staff! (Gabi is from Kaimuki, Hawaii!) Mahalo! I'll treasure this memory always!
2/3 visits resulted in a successful meal. First time was no reservation - got put on the wait list and eventually gave up. Second time was from snagging a reservation off a cancellation. That was great - just show up and seats were ready. The third time was on a walking with the last free spot available. Yup, winner, winner, chicken dinner. The place opens at 5:30 but you don't want to show up later than an hour before if you want to have some hopes of getting in.Almost everything served up here is delicious. Best thing were some chips with guac dip. Those were phenomenal. Bummed that those rotated out on the second visit. Eating at the chef's counter is a great experience. You can witness firsthand on the dishes as they are being put together. If you see anything's good, you can directly request an order. Also, do order the state bird provision from the menu. You'll be glad that you did.
Reservations: Booked a table for 2 at 7:00pm on a Tuesday evening two months in advance. Reservations open up 2 months in advance at midnight. For people who don't enjoy waiting for a table, I'd recommend going this route. We were seated promptly upon entry.Food: Dim-sum style plus a menu for specific dishes and desserts. We really couldn't have gone wrong here. I would order every dish that I had that evening again. That being said, there was definitely favorites versus good dishes. Here's my list--3/1/2016 Must Order (dishes in order of deliciousness):-CA state provisions bird-Sesame encrusted avocado-Ice cream sandwich (half portions available)-Albacore white floss on toast-Seafood salsa with nori on top-Guinea hen dumpling with broth-Panna cotta w apricot and a cardamon crisp-Hog island oysters-Blood orange lamb sausage-Duck liver mousse with corn bread-Steak tartare with uni and a rice crisp (rosemary flavor was off putting)Total: ~$130 for two people
I quite enjoyed the food here. I do think this place suffers a little bit from the trendiness making it cooler to people than it actually is - but most of the food is quite good. I don't know why people call this place dim sum style, see, dim sum is supposed to be cheap. When you go to dim sum, it usually costs $20 per person and you're so full you're about to burst. So let's call it what it is...expensive tapas, not dim sum!I came here with a group of people, a big enough party that we all got the prix fixe menu. This was great because we got to try everything on the menu for that day. It seems the menu changes all the time, so I'll break down the highlights of what we had and what I thought: (bear with me, this will be a long review but will hopefully help you narrow down what you want to eat if they're serving the same things at the particular time you're there). Note that we had more things than I listed, but I didn't find certain of them to be super notable - e.g. we had a lamb dish, a tofu & kiwi salad dish, a persimmon dish, and a red trout dish. These were all good, but I didn't find them to be very special. - Hog Island Oyster, Spicy Kohirabi Kraut & Sesame: I'm not a huge fan of oysters, but these oysters were good. One came per person, so it was a nice bite. If you like oysters, I would recommend these. - Smoked Trout with Matsutake & Pork Belly Dashi: I really did not like this. Maybe it's the flavor of dashi that I was not a fan of. But it was a tiny portion of soup and I just didn't think it tasted very good. I've posted a video so you can see the hoopla that goes into presenting the soup to you. - Yogurt Batter-Yellowtail "Floss" Toast: I thought this was absolutely delicious. I would definitely recommend this bite. It's topped with pork floss (I think) and radish. - Duck Liver Mousse with Almond Biscuit: This is a bite where I was skeptical about the combination - but the mousse perfectly complimented the biscuit. Also, the mousse was quite good - reminded me of duck pate. - Garlic Bread with Burrata: I think behind the yellowtail "floss" toast, this was probably my favorite. It's not a super creative combination like some of the other dishes, but it was super tasty. - Grilled Shiitake with Kosho: I guess I didn't see what was so special about this dish. It was just a shiitake mushroom. I think there are better things on the menu to eat. - Pork Belly Citrus Salad: This salad was delicious. The pork belly was cooked perfectly. It was tender and had the perfect amount of fattiness on it. Everything in this salad came together really well. - Cast Iron Quail Eggs with Collards, Smoked Feta & Candied Pecan: I'm not a huge fan of quail eggs, but this was absolutely delicious. They fry the quail eggs in the cast iron pan and top it with all the other ingredients. - CA State Bird with Provisions: Everyone raves about this dish. I will explain where I'm coming from. I thought it was alright, but it was not the best fried bird I've ever tasted. I expected much more. I think the reason I felt this way is because I like my fried birds (this was quail) to be extremely flavorful. The brine and the coating both have to be bursting with flavor for me. The flavor in this dish just fell a little short for me. For what it's worth, everyone else at the table loved it! And I think you have to try this dish if you're a meat eater, because it's the name of the restaurant. - Kimchi & Maitake "Fried Rice" A La Plancha with Smoked Egg Bottarga: I really don't think this dish is worth the money. Certain things just don't make sense as something fancy, and kimchi fried rice is one of those dishes. It's one of those dishes where you go to the Asian Ghetto in Berkeley to get for less than $8 (or you make it at home), and it's a comfort food. I thought this was an attempt to make it a fancier dish, which fell short for me. Dessert: Chevre-Rosemary Ice Cream & Cherries & Old Fashioned Cake, candied buddha's hand, white chocolate crunch, ginger cream): This dessert had some good aspects, and some just ok aspects. Overall, I thought it was good. The cake itself wasn't super special (just tasted like chocolate cake), but that white chocolate crunch and candied buddha's hand made it really delicious. The ice cream with cherries was quite delicious!For a drink, I ended up getting the iced tea with yuzu syrup. It think it is meant to be light, but I think it ended up just tasting like something very watered down to me. It is refreshing though!
Just like a 1000+ other reviews for this hot spot we wanted to see what all the hype was about... that's if you can get in... Tip: line up super early... tent out like the first iPhone4 release.We really didn't know what to expect and we recommend you should just go into it that way. So I don't want to give too much away. Great ambience, feeling like it's a special date every time we went. Actually, one of the times it was special. Fun fact - we had eloped and came here for dinner. That was amazing! Go for the taste and experience. Every bite is like Katy Perry 'Firework' and the experience will make you feel like a plastic bag drifting through the wind. Ok, I will stop now. Just go! I demand you to go.... If you don't we will take your spot.... Must try!
It's been three years since I've been back. Wasn't wow'ed the first time on a weekend, but thought I'll give it another chance on a weeknight. I was even more disappointed by the food this time. (Eeek! I know...I know... average of greater than 4 star rating here so don't hate me!) However, service was good and it was overall a pleasant experience. Friends and I still like the 'dim sum' concept, but it wasn't appealing when you see the same items come around more than twice...FOOD/DRINKS- My favorite item of the night was the bottle of 2012 St Laurent WINE that was recommended by our waitress. Second favorite item was the TROUT in DASHI broth, it was light yet flavorful, I would have been happier just eating a larger portion of that. I thought the other items we had were ok: mushroom toast, garlic knot with burrata, vegetables and hummus (a bit bland), state bird, bacon wrapped meatballs, chicken(?) liver mousse with almond biscuits (a bit too sweet), octopus, beef tartar with uni, and some croquettes (? Sorry forgot, please see photo). Pot of COFFEE- sent the pot back bc it tasted very watered down though waitress explained that it may be the type of coffee they use. They added more coffee in the second pot and it tasted much better. SERVICE/STAFF- friendly, patient, attentive. My friends and I took our time to eat and chat so staff came by to check on us a few times even before we made our choices. A couple staff had a good sense of humor so it made it a pleasant experience. A free dessert was brought over to us because I think they overheard us talk about our birthdays (we didn't tell them that this was a birthday celebration while making reservations since it was already 10+ days passed). So that was very nice of them to bring us a dessert with a lit candle!AMBIENCE/DECOR- modern and neat. Comfortable. Counter seating available where you can witness chefs at work. Some seating areas seem to have more lighting than others. Given the Michelin star rating and price, one would expect much better food. To me, food is a 3 star but with the attentive service and wine recommendation, I'll give the place 3.5 stars. **I enjoyed dining at their sister restaurant next door much more!**
It's now been over 4 years since SBP opened and they still manage to generate a line and reservations are still a rarity. Demand still going strong. They've removed any distinguishing signage and now the front of the restaurant is just a nondescript black wall. It seems like a pretentious move to remove the sign, but I was curious to see what the hype was all about.You can make a reservation on Opentable, but not through the Opentable website, only through the Opentable portal on SBP's website. Your best bet is to hop on the website around midnight and book a date 2 months in advance.We had some free time one weekday around 4:30pm while hanging out in the neighborhood. We saw a couple of people waiting outside. I wondered if they were waiting for SBP to open. Turns out they were. We thought what the heck, why not wait too? Since we don't hang around the area very often, we might as well give it a try. An hour went by pretty quickly while we chatted with other people in line and watched the chefs prep food through the window. When 5:30pm rolled around, a healthy line formed behind us. Once the doors opened, we were seated within minutes.Our waiter was very friendly and explained the dim sum style of ordering, where you order staples from the menu, and say yes/no to the off-menu items that are carted around from table to table. The dishes are about the size of tasting menu's dishes. Each plate has 1-2 servings at the most.We've tried...Toast & Pancakes...Sourdough, Sauerkraut, Pecorino & Ricotta Pancake ($3):chewy with lots of flavor. good to try, but wouldn't order it again.Green Garlic-Steak Tartare Caesar Toast ($4):As a steak tartare lover, I had to try this. Great flavor & texture.Mendocino Uni 'Taco' Pancake ($8):crispy, flat pancake with a piece of seaweed, shiso leaf, a small piece of uni, and sesame seeds. Tasty and interesting, though you can get better uni elsewhere.Provisions...Hog Island Oyster, Spicy Kohlrabi Kraut & Sesame ($3):I am an oyster lover as well. These are well seasoned - spicy, salty, and tart. The sesame seeds add a little texture. They're very good, but unnecessary to order if you've had Hog Island oysters before.Smoked Trout-Avocado 'Chip & Dip' ($6):The dip is very tasty and one of the more interesting items on the menu. I tried to get a little bit of each ingredient on the chip all at once. I was lazy to use the spoon and tried to use the chip to scoop the dip and the chip broke. Definitely use the spoon. If you don't like creamy whipped fish, this is not for you.Duck Liver Mousse with Almond Biscuits ($6):This was one of our favorites. We ordered it twice. The little biscuits are light, fluffy, buttery, and rather oily. Combined with the mousse, this is one very rich dish. Pork Belly Citrus Salad ($7):Pork belly was delicious. The jalapeno slices were too much for me to handle. I definitely enjoyed the light citrus flavor and the mini orange slices. But this was pretty expensive for a couple pieces of fried pork belly. Garlic Bread with Burrata ($9):I was surprised that this wasn't on the pancake menu. It's rather expensive for a small serving of bread and cheese, but it was delicious. The garlic bread is puffy and the burrata was creamy, a little stringy, and seasoned well with lots of flavor.Snacking Pork with Apple Mostarda ($9):This was a little spicy to me. It's very crunchy and chewy. It kind of made me think of jerky.Commandables...CA State Bird with Provisions ($9):I wasn't very interested in the Commandables, because I was having too much fun trying all the smaller dishes. I didn't really care for quail either, because it tends to be dry, but I always feel compelled to order a restaurant's namesake. It was pretty good quail though. I like shaved parmesan and it made a nice garnish, but it wasn't very cohesive with the fried quail.Dessert...Olive Oil Cake, Birdseed, Roasted Strawberries & Mascarpone ($9):We were very full already, but I wanted to try the olive oil cake. I don't see olive oil cake on menus very often and when I do, a lot of them come out too oily. This one was slightly oily and more like a sponge cake. The strawberries and mascarpone make a nice topping. I'm not sure about the birdseeds, but they tasted like pumpkin seeds.Is it worth the wait? I don't mind waiting for an experience I haven't tried before, but I typically don't think it's worth waiting more than an hour for any meal. Most of the dishes were rather expensive for a couple of bites. I may not sound very impressed with the food, but this was a very tasty and enjoyable dining experience. I prefer trying small bites with lots of variety compared to a one-note meal. I would be interested in returning to try other dishes on their changing menu. They are really on top of their service too. But given the wait time and the lack of reservations, I don't feel the need to come back. I'm glad to have tried it once.
I've had my eye on SBP for quite some time now but I wanted to surprise the bf for our anniversary. Reservations are hard to snag, they open up at MIDNIGHT 60 days in advance. Even though I stayed up until midnight for reservations, the earliest time I was able to get was 8:30PM!! We were told that 2 person parties are really limited & looking around the restaurant we could see it was mainly parties of 4. Tip: have your credit card by your side when making reservations because they'll take down your info & charge $25 for cancelling. We arrived here maybe 20 mins before our time and were told we could either have a drink at the check in area (super tiny) or go next door to The Progress (their sister restaurant) which has a full bar. Being that it was the first day of the new year being open, The Progress was also full! We ordered a couple of drinks before heading back. When we were seated, we were explained that the dining experience was like dim sum. There was one cart that circulated with their seafood options and the rest were brought out in trays. You could also order some items on their menu with a waiter/waitress. Pricing is clearly visible so you're not shocked when your bill comes out. The portion size is very small, mostly individual. If you have a food allergy, make sure you tell them so they can let you know if the items contain your allergen.Items we ordered included:- Soup: Smoked trout, black rice & shiitake mushroom w/ pork belly dashi. Yum! Smokey soup with good flavor. - Seafood salsa: clams, mussels & squid topped with quinoa crunch. We really enjoyed this but it was pretty salty. - Pork loin with apple sauce? The dark color threw us off and the apple sauce was kinda tart but it was good.- Pork belly w/ VN vinaigrette. Strong fish sauce flavor, I didn't really like this.- Garlic bread w/ burrata. Mmm, I liked the bread but wasn't a fan of burrata. - State bird w/ provisions. My favorite dish! The quail was tender inside but super crispy outside. -Guinea hen dumplings. Meh I would skip. It wasn't very interesting. - Kimchi & maitake fried rice. Omg our jaws hurt after eating only half this! The rice is crunchy-- like they're going for burnt rice in a sizzling stone texture.Overall I enjoyed my meal and was glad we were able to finally give SBP a try. It was a total trip for the bf because there's no sign that explicitly said "State Bird Provisions" .. It was only stated on the menu. Needless to say it was a successful surprise :) Another tip: If you have a dairy allergy and lactose pills aren't your thing, SBP won't be worthwhile because most things have dairy/cheese!
Great for the experience and mediocre for the food. I think many people get enamored by the cool idea that they psychologically think the food is better than it actually tastes. Don't get me wrong, I think it is mighty creative to serve non-Chinese food in high class dim sum style. However, if I really only look at the food, it's nothing spectacular. My friends and I got lucky and we got reservations. We ordered the following: kimchi fried rice, pork belly, onion bread with cheese, dumpling, duck paste with little muffins, beef tartare, oysters, ice cream sandwich, and chocolate cake. I know it sounds like A LOT of food but all of their portions are super small. We also had a variety of food from all cultures and types. My favorite was definitely the beef tartare and the kimchi fried rice. Must try! Also, since we had so many types of food, even though we didn't eat much it kind of made us very bloated afterwards. Great and cool ambiance. Awesome experience. Attentive service.
I've had this place bookmarked for quite some time now. I finally got to try it out when my friend took me here for my birthday on a Tuesday. With knowledge that you have to make reservations a couple months in advance, we decided to wait 30 minutes before opening to ensure seating. But there were many vacant tables throughout the night, which we found odd.The decor of this place is modern, but simple. There are many communal tables in the compact restaurant. The food is served dim sum style here, which is awesome. For those who haven't been to dim sum restaurants, the servers come to every table with a tray of ready to eat dishes and you just pick out which ones you want.My friend and I went on a crazy food binge here. We almost got every dish that was offered to us. Here's what we got:DUCK LIVER MOUSSE - I thought this dish was a little too sweet for my taste. It tasted like it should've been a dessert or something.BEEF TARTARE WITH UNI - I liked the concept of this dish and everything in it tasted really fresh. But they put an herb (thyme?) that overpowered the dish and made it less enjoyable. A unique twist, but not a great one.FRESH OYSTERS - I think the oysters we had were Hog Island oysters. They tasted fresh and the seasoning was decent.TUNA TARTARE - The fish tasted pretty fresh, and seasoning was good on this one.GUINEA HEN DUMPLING - This was one of the standout dishes of the night. It was a little salty, but the broth was just so good.GARLIC BREAD WITH BURRATA - It was a little small, but I liked this one too.PERSIMMONS - The fruit was seasoned very lightly. It was good, but nothing special.CA STATE BIRD - The "state bird" of State Bird Provisions. The quail was fried to perfection, and the cheese complimented really well.BUTTERNUT SQUASH MOCHI - It was a really interesting dish, just not that great. We thought we were getting a vegetable dish, but it came with just one brussel sprout that was shelled out.LAMB BLOOD SAUSAGE WITH ORANGE - This dish was kind of weird and tasted pretty bad to us. Maybe cause we're not lamb eaters.KIMCHI FRIED RICE - I've had better, but it was decent. Nothing special though.SMOKED TROUT IN DASHI BROTH - I couldn't even find the fish in this dish. It felt like it was just a soup.POTATO TROUT FRITTER - I couldn't really taste the fish in this too, but it was fantastic. The sauce went really well with it.GENMAICHA ICE CREAM SANDWICH - I thought this dessert tasted kind of strange. It was okay though.CHOCOLATE CAKE DESSERT - Forgot what this was called, but it was just okay too.Overall, I was a little disappointed after my meal. Maybe I expected too much, but nothing really wow'd me. The service was top notch though. All the servers were really friendly and described each item really well. I mean, it was a good experience. I would probably come back to try other things because I really like how they serve the food dim sum style.
I'm glad to say that I finally had the opportunity to try this place and I had a wonderful experience, from the food to the customer service! First of all, we had reservations from 2 months in advanced so the wait was not bad at all for us (or no wait at all to be honest). We had a group of 4 and 3 of us were running late, yet they still seated my one friend who got there on time. Literally the best ( as other restaurants will refuse to seat us until all parties are there). As for the food, I can honestly say that I love most of the dishes but some were a miss for me (though my other friends enjoyed it). I guess it depends on your preferences but the great thing about coming to this place with a group of 4 is that you can share everything in equal quantities. Some of my favorites during the nights are: (+) CA state bird with provisions. Possibly my favorite dish of the night. Don't pass up on this one (since this is what the restaurant is named, you definitely need to try it!) The quail was perfect and the onions was a nice contrast in flavor (gave it a nice zesty taste!) (+ Red trout. A second favorite of mine from the main entree selections. The trout was grilled perfectly! The vinaigrette didn't overpower the fish at all and the whole dish was on the light side. It left us wanting more. (+) My third favorite for the night was the Lap Cheong with Pepper Yogurt. We were actually skeptical about getting this one because I mean, we're all from Asian backgrounds and how special/ different can these sausages be from the ones we've had before. I actually really enjoyed it (and everyone else did too!) I wouldn't think to pair it with yogurt but hey, it works! My other favorites are: Hog Island Oysters, Garlic Bread with Burrata, Duck liver mousse with almond biscuit ( the almond biscuits are amazing), Pork belly citrus salad (a Vietnamese twist! I liked this one a lot too), Hedgehog mushroom toast (sorry I might be biased because I love everything with mushroom in it but do not pass on this one!), Dashi Potato Porridge with Marinated Shellfish and Nori. The only dishes that I didn't entirely enjoyed are the Buckwheat-beef tongue pastrami pancake and the Don Watson's lamb with cumin, squid & dates. My friends liked the beef-tongue pancakes but it wasn't my favorite (probably because I didn't enjoy the beef-tongue). The lamb dish was too much for me. There was too much going on with the bokchoy, the broccoli, the squid, dates, etc. that I didn't really know what to focus on. I would pass on this dish. TIP : Leave room for dessert! :) We got the 1. Yuzu 'ice cream' sandwich, sesame macaron, kiwi, fennel and 2. Seasoned fruits turnover and both were delicious! Both dessert items were super light and not heavy at all. I would definitely recommend the ice cram sandwich if you dont know what to order off of the dessert menu! Overall, this place is perfect for a date night or a group dinner with your friends. For popular restaurants, I feel that half of the ratings is for the food and the other half is for the experience. Dining at State Bird is definitely 50% for the experience. I love the "dimsum" style service and how I can see my food before I order. It's good for preparing yourself on how much you can eat and you can always order more if you're still hungry. Lovely restaurant + service. Will come back for more items that I didn't get to try this!
Was this worth 2 month's wait? Not really. Food was good but isn't 'omg it's so amazing'.The dim sum style of serving is kind of weird, but it's a nice way of showing all the dishes. With the restaurant so loud, it's hard to hear what the servers are saying. Portions are on the small size, but then you get to share and try a lot of the dishes. My favorites: grilled octopus - crunchy and tenderstate bird - a nicely fried juicy quailpotato trout croquette - so delicious (should have ordered seconds)I wasn't really a fan of the other dishes I tried, some of the flavors was just too overwhelming, like the guinea hen dumpling. For dessert, we decided to get half-sized portions, which is a great option so that we could try more. They weren't bad, but I'm glad I didn't get full portions for them.
I am pretty disappointed in this place. I think the dishes are a hit-or-miss, and I think it is way overrated. I would actually give this place only 2.5 stars.This place doesn't have a Michelin star, but for the price you pay here (all the small dishes add up), you might as well save your money and go some place like Gary Danko, where the food is phenomenal. This place definitely does not take like a Michelin star restaurant, but will charge you the same for it.Getting a reservation at this place is insane. I've tried for a while and couldn't get a thing! Finally we got a 10:15PM reservation for Saturday night, and if you call them the day before, you can request that they call/text you if there happens to be an earlier opening. So we got to eat at 9:30PM. The restaurant is very cramped. There are lots of people waiting by the door even at 9:30PM. The tables are close together and it's loud. Not the best atmosphere. But this may be because I dislike loud restaurants and have a bias against them. The first small dish that came around was the hen dumpling with lemon broth ($3 a piece). Now, this was fantastic! If you eat one dish here, eat this one. I wish I just ordered 10 of these and called it a night. This is the only one dish that was tasty, exquisite, and memorable. Now onto the not-so-great dishes: there was an avocado dish; it was alright. The kimchi fried rice is not worth ordering. Please do not get this dish. It's a big plate of rice and kimchi. Total letdown; nothing special. If you want kimchi fried rice, go to 1760. There was the duck liver pate mousse that came with little almond shortbreads; these are pretty unique and good. Then there was the potato and seafood furikake; way too crunchy and bland. We also got a trout; it was so unmemorable that I don't have anything to say about it. Overall, another overrated, over-priced, noisy, SF restaurant. Get the hen dumpling and get outta there! Or maybe you'll have better luck with the off-the-menu dishes than I did.
Outstanding meal!The dim sum style of this restaurant is brilliant and we had a great time with friends picking and choosing what we wanted to eat. The star is definitely the quail though, we all agreed that we could of eaten that 10 times over. The best bites were the Hog Island Oyster with Spicy Kohlrabi Kraut, Guinea Hen Dumpling, Duck Liver Mousse, and Garlic Bread with Burrata. Those stood out but everything else was amazing as well.Great experience trying all sorts of delicious food. Bring some friends that are adventurous and try everything to get the most out of the meal.We were lucky to have a reservation (highly recommended) but if you don't come prepared to wait because it's definitely worth it.
This definitely lived up to the hype. After reading all of the reviews, we decided to brave the walk-in without a reservation. The 2 of us showed up at about 4:15 and there were already 8 people in line for the 5:30 open, so I wasn't optimistic. Sure enough, we got in the first seating at the counter - which was such a win because we got to chat with the line, and see what was coming as soon as it came out of the kitchen. The service was absolutely phenomenal, you could pick up or order from anyone on staff, and nothing got missed. Highlights - Steak Tartare, Spanish Octopus, Burrata Bread, Pork Loin, and PEANUT MILK (so delightful). My one tip as a diner would be to really pace out your plates. We got a little overzealous, grabbing everything off the cart as soon as it came of the kitchen, and ended up way over ordering. If you see something, but miss the original tray pass, you can always order it from any of the staff as a one-off.
On our first evening as tourists in San Francisco, we arrived here at around 7:30 PM, and were told the wait would be around 1.5 hours (we had attempted to book reservations for about 3 months prior to visiting, but were unable to after numerous attempts - online and emailing the restaurant). Not to be deterred, and seeing the lineup of people waiting for a table, we put our name down and left our phone number with the hostess, and went to wander the neighbourhood (i.e. if you're tourists and need to buy some daily necessities, Walgreens is just down the street). The hostess was pleasant and wonderful, knowing we were tourists hoping to get a table that night. She called us at around 8:40 PM and informed us that a table was ready for us.What a wonderful dining experience. Service was wonderful and informative, the atmosphere was casual, trendy, bustling, and the food was so evidently carefully prepared and made of the highest quality ingredients. Our favourite was red trout with hazelnuts and the pork belly citrus salad - absolutely delicious. If it wasn't so hard to get a table, I would have given this place 5 stars. But don't let that deter you - this will be one of the best dining experiences you'll have, as a local or a tourist. For about 7 dim sum dishes, for two people, our total was $93.24.
This is definitely worth the experience to try out! Like many other yelpers have stated, State Bird serves their food dim sum style. So they are mini dishes and not on a big plate like going to Gary Dankos or The Progress. The prices are across the board and our server let us know which dishes were most popular and gave us great recommendations. Unfortunately, I can't remember ever single dish my friends and I ordered but out of the 9-12 dishes that we did order, there were only 2 that we felt were a-okay and the rest were Y-U-M! My favorite is definitely the ice cream sandwich! I saw so many pictures of that and when I actually tried it, the dessert did not disappoint. It is a must to make reservations for State Bird and be sure to show up on time because for those who didn't make a reservation, the line is lonnnnng! I believe my friends made our reservation 2months in advance from the date that we wanted to go, so be sure to set reminders for yourself on your calendar to know when to make reservations.
Did you know that the California State Bird is the California Valley Quail? Here at State Bird Provisions, I had the honor to eat one! I'm not sure if that's a good or a bad thing, but it sure was tasty!State Bird Provisions is a contemporary American restaurant that serves tapas style dishes which I felt had a lot of Asian influenced elements to it. I came with a party of 13, and in order to accommodate all of us, we had to be spit up in two tables. No biggie! It felt more intimate with a smaller group. We came hungry so we ordered every single item off their menu (all 17 items, one serving per person) and started the night off with a bottle of Quice Apple cider from West Valley Oregon to share - a refreshing palate cleanser to start to feast! Ordering every item on the menu was really exciting. There were many dishes to look forward to, it worked out like a tasting menu. They change their menu daily so there will always be surprises every time you come back. My favorites dishes are with pictures included:Hog Island Oyster in Spicy Kohlrabi Kraut and sesame - The oysters were extra biney. I normally don't eat my oysters with so much dressing, but this one is kind of like a shooter, pour the whole thing in your mouth and all the flavors blend together well. Yum.Persimmon with Kinako and Black Sesame - my mind was blown with this super simple dish. I consists of cubed persimmons tossed in this sauce that made it take like vegetarian tuna poke! It was interesting because the sauce was savory and the persimmons were sweet and juicy. Pork Belly Citrus Salad - Fatty delicous pork belly mixed with the acid from the oranges broke down the fatty oily taste of the pork belly. Well paired! CA State Bird with Provisions - battered and deep fried, the poor little California Valley Quail was fried into a perfectly crispy outside and a juicy tender inside, on top of this sauerkraut-like bed of Red Trout with Toasted Hazelnut-Mandarin-Garum Vinaigrette - fresh trout pan seared into perfection. Simple yet delicious.We were celebrating a friend's birthday so we gotta have some bubbly in order to call it a celebration! We went with a bottle of Nerello Mascalese Sparkling Rose and also a bottle of the Andrea Calek Syrah for the red meats. The wine was wonderful and went well with everything we had. Dessert was uneventful to me.The service was great, we were never neglected considering we were a big party. They have an open style kitchen which was kept bright and clean. I had a wonderful time!
First thing you're going to need to know before going here is it's extremely difficult to get in. Unless you manage to get a reservation months in advance, you're going to need to line up very early to get a "walk-in" reservation. The only reason we were able to get in was we had someone in our party who lined up at 4p, and even then we weren't able to get a table until 8p. Plan accordingly.But yes, it is worth it.The dining style is best described as a cross between dim sum and tapas.Upon being seated you'll almost immediately have people coming up with various trays and carts to offer food, each with a little sign showing you the price, ala dim sum. The big difference, however, is once the cart goes by there's essentially no chance that particular item is coming back. If you see it and it sounds good, it probably is - grab one or two for the table. We had many items this way, including a mushroom dumpling, sausage, and oysters. (I should mention I don't like oysters, but these were amazing!) About the only downside is you'll start to reach the end of the meal and all of this amazing food will continue to go by, making you want to gorge yourself even more.There is a standard menu as well, and it works like a tapas menu. None of the dishes there are entree size, but rather smaller bites. We went with about 5 items from there, including the fried quail which was outstanding.We wound up tasting more dishes than I can count, and everything ranging from very good to "Oh my dear god this is the best thing I've ever put in my mouth."Our total tab was just shy of $400 before tip, but with all of the food we had, and the two bottles of wine, we all thought it was a good deal.Go stand in line. Your patience will be rewarded with amazing food.
Western dim sum experience!My boyfriends' friend made a reservation 3 months ago and we went for dinner for a Saturday night. There were already people lining up around an hour before it opened to get the counter seating. The table seatings are reservations only. Environment was nice, a lot of interesting decorations and details. If you ever been to dim sum, it is the similar experience here. They come round with a few dishes and explain what it is and whatever dish you pick they mark it on your sheet. Each dish is a different price, you can also order other bigger dishes that is on the sheet. We ordered over ten dishes. My favorite and recommended dishes would be the steak tartare, local uni & umeboshi-rosemary vinaigrette, beef tongue & horseradish-buckwheat pancake, and pork belly grape salad. Great flavors in all dishes. All in all, I think this was a great experience, the food in my honest opinion was ok. It didn't tingle my taste buds, it wasn't like AMAZING, but it wasn't bad. I would recommend coming here for the experience and it's worth the try. However the whole time I wanted to ask the waiter where my har gaw and siu mai at?! LOL
Everyone talks about this place and lucky enough I was able to snag a reservation for a saturday night for 10pm.. it was also two months in advance. Only other way to get into this place is to go before they open and put your name on the list... well worth it!! Make sure you come hungry because you'll be ordering everything! They have the regular menu and also have dim sum style items that comes around the tables.From the menu-Beef tongue and ricotta toast: A must! Both were amazing-Albacore toast: very good too-Kabocha squash mochi and truffle: Tastes as amazing as it sounds-Kung pal beef sweetbreads: very filling and full of flavorDim Sum Style-Hog Island Oysters: fresh and refreshing-Guinea dumpling: soup was good but could of passed on this-Pork belly salad: so good we got it twice-Grilled octopus: sadly was just ok.. not much flavor-Uni beef tartar: Just ok.. really wanted to like this dishAt this point I was stuffed... luckily they can do a half order of the ice cream sandwich
The food was hit and miss. Out of the 11 dimsum style things we ordered, I'd say 3 were very good and memorable, (almond biscuit and duck liver mouse, lap cheong with yogurt, and potato fritter with bay shrimp) the rest were not, and nothing we ordered off of the mains was very flavorful either. Also, we were disappointed that several of the dishes going around never made it to our table so we didn't get a chance to try them, or even ask for them, since we didn't see the list of what we had missed until after. We never saw the grilled shiitake with meyer lemon kosho, pork belly citrus salad, snacking pork with apple mostarda, or steak tartare & umeboshi-rosemary vinaigrette. So we were missing almost 1/4 of the menu! Which is super unfortunate. It would be better if they gave you a list of what was going around before hand, that way you could ask by name if it didn't make it to your table. We ended up just grabbing some dishes we weren't as excited by just because we were hungry and it was the only thing coming by with wait times of 15min between us seeing anything, just plates going around but never making it to our table :(.
Not sure how to review State Bird Provisions, especially since it seems every experience can be completely different.We got there around 6PM on a Tuesday evening and the host said the next seating was at 8PM. We decided to wait it out. The restaurant texted me back around 7:15 saying our table was almost ready. Not too bad.We tried a bunch of different things. The pancakes were pretty good, especially the one with prosciutto or something on top. We had bread with burrata cheese, some kind of tuna tartare, pork belly, grilled octopus, and the kim chi fried rice. All were pretty good and we even got to watch them make it since we had seats at the bar.If you've never been, I would highly recommend to go here. It's worth the wait.
I finally made it to this foodie Mecca on a Monday and paid the price of not having a reservation: standing in the cold for almost an hour prior to the 5:30 opening. Luckily I was able to score a metered spot right outside, since its not the best street in town (though a stones throw away from my old SAT prep class!). While waiting, I was able to peer through the glass and see all the careful prep work including an extremely slow peeling of persimmons. There was no signage, but I knew this had to be the right place. The other clue was the 8+ diners ahead of me already in line. When we finally queued in after the lucky ducks with reservations, my pal and I were asked if we wanted to sit at a communal table or at the chef's table (basically the bar). We opted for the chef's table which was fabulous because we got to see everything going on in the kitchen. In terms of fare we had: Stand-out:-Lamb tartare - my favorite dish! I couldn't resist the novelty and it was so fresh (not gamey at all like you'd imagine), perfectly seasoned .. so divine-Seafood stew - not much to look at, but a shocking delight as it came with crunchy quinoa and had a great cold broth that tasted like the sea-Mushroom toast - AMAZING and chanterelles were so flavorful Good:-Rabbit Croquettes on a bed of pureed daikon - Delicious and meaty -State bird with provisions - for non-social studies buffs, the state bird is the California quail. It was heavily breaded, though still tasty. It just got to be too heavy since a lot of the meal was so heavy-Guinea hen pot sticker in broth - comforting, but not mindblowing-Grilled octopus with tomato sauce - hard to mess up grilled octopus, but the tomato sauce didn't jive well-Mushroom medley - good variety of mushrooms, very fresh, though unremarkable otherwiseMeh:- Winter veggies Crudites on bed of lentil/sunflower seed/other seed "hummus" - fresh veggies, but hummus was too Earthy and underwhelming -Sauerkraut/ sourdough/ricotta pancake - forgettable-Single oyster - nothing to write home about, but at $3, something to complain about. Service was fantastic, and we even ran into a fellow Lowellite who was nice enough to inform us of how the restaurant works and provided us with the rabbit croquettes on the house. I asked our server multiple times about the ingredients in our dishes and they were happy to oblige each time. Because it was just two of us and 10 dishes, we were unable to try any dessert! I would definitely return to try the sweets and also to try the raved about duck mousse. Value wise, I will admit its a little poor, especially given that I only experienced a few stand out dishes. At under $100 for 2, its a little pricey for the kind of food they serve ($9 for half a quail?!). But it is definitely a culinary adventure and I am happy to support the dynamic menu they have going as well as the idea of fresh, creative food.
Came here with some colleagues. We made a reservation for 9. When we walked in we had to wait some time for someone to greet us ()When we were finally seated , the waiter was very friendly and accommodating. My friend has an egg allergy and any meals that had eggs was replaced with something else, amazing. My favorites were the oysters, the state bird, the salad, and a few more. All in all, this place is a must check out!P.S. Cherry on top is towards the end of the night Conan o'brien and his gang were seated next to us
San Francisco, CA- Food is solid. - Can choose off the hard menu. - 20+ off menu "Provisions" introduced dim sum style as servers walk by... It's a simple approach, You say yes or no. Each tray of provisions has a sign with the price listed, you can always ask as the staff is very nice.- Very impressive caliber and quality that flys outta the kitchen.Stand out: Octopus, Fish Tail opener, Macaroon Ice Cream sandwich, Duck liver mouse with incredible bread bites, everything else was at par. Only pass was the toast with fish but was stuffed by that point. - Arrival: Monday No reservation so arrived around 4:15, opened at 5:30.- Seating: Passed on communal table, opted for the bar seating and lucked out to be in front of stove area. * Advantage over communal table is can see what leaves the kitchen. The Octopus was not offered to us (oversight) but we saw based on our seat. Asked and they fired up a serving STAT.* Two other bar seating, oddly positioned.
A two month wait later, and ~$250 dollars spent... State Bird Provision was just okay. I really do want to like this place, but I think just waiting forever for the reservation and the fact that everything was pricy just makes me not want to justify how great it was...SBP was pretty cool that it adopted a dim sum styled way of serving its food... but I think it would have been helpful to have a menu list of the dim sum food? I wanted to hold out on different foods but ended up missing the opportunity to eat some... blah.Honestly, I thought the highlight was the dessert. I loved the cookie ice cream so much that I ordered another batch for my fatty self... the savory dishes were okay -- a bit too rich for my liking. Sweetbreads, liver, etc... not really my thing. Everything just tasted super salty to me and I couldn't enjoy the natural flavors of the meat. Some of the stuff was weird in my opinion, too.. like the garlic bread with burrata... it tasted like a salty funnel cake with gooey cheese. And the kung pao beef tongue with sweetbreads was just chewy and fatty tasting.The plus side is that they change the menu frequently, so I MIGHT give SBP another chance. I feel so bad for not liking my dinner... and it was my boyfriend and my anniversary. Such a shame. You'd expect a mind-blowing (or tongue-blowing?) meal spending over $200 for dinner. Ick. I'm now crying how that $250 can be spent on 10 solid meals elsewhere. Le sigh.
If you don't have a reservation, be sure to get there 4-4:30 to wait in line for standby seating! You are pretty much guaranteed in first-round seating if you get there between 4-4:30; any later...you will probably get the 7 pm-close seating times. The food here is amazing. I love that it is a 'fancy' place but at the same time casual and affordable. Yes, 'fancy' in terms of food prep. I love they have an actual menu, as well as 10-15 small a la carte items that you order as they pass by (just like dim sum carts!). Surprisingly, these small dishes fill you up. PS. The oh-so-simple-concept of kimchi fried rice....is amazing here!
Must eat place in SF! I see why everybody is excited about this spot! Seriously! Everything is just perfect: the food, the staff! Affordable and so tasty! Can't wait to come back here at my next stop! Guys no doubts to have !! You will love every single bites! It's so far THE best food in San Francisco! U can tell how excited and happy I was after my 10th ish dish!!
You got someone to impress? Yeah take them to State Bird Provisions.The food is served tapas style. There's a dinner menu (printed) as well as special selections offered in dim sum style carts. The "dim sum" menu can change. When I had my anniversary dinner I was treated to a strongly Asian themed dim sum selection. I was bummed because, once again, I had to figure out what half of the menu I can enjoy.Then the staff saved me. Ridiculously fantastic customer service. Our waiter and the servers took note of all of our allergies BEFORE we started ordering. Our waiter warned us which particular menu items to watch out for ("Oh this uses peanut sauce," was a response to one menu item), then marked our menu so staff know about our allergies. The staff rolling treats in carts would look at the marked menu, then tell us "Oh no, there's fish in this. Wait for the next guy." I never expected this level of help. I'm floored by all of this special treatment.Favorite items were duck liver mousse with almond biscuit, and hedgehog mushroom toast. I have a thing for fancy ingredients on bread.Why minus one star? I am unfairly comparing gastronomy style dishes against Jose Andres restaurants that I've eaten at before. State Bird is also very, very hipster San Francisco in its ambiance and food presentation. This can turn people off.Yes, get your name on the wait list. Do it online and book months in advance. You're in for a world of fun.
I've been here multiple times now and it is still one of my favorite restaurants in San Francisco.I can't say the ambiance is all that- so don't come here expecting Gary Danko or Quince for ambiance. It's more rustic, chill, and low key.However, the food is far more innovative than most. Everything is served dim-sum style - meaning, you don't have a traditional menu nor a pre-fix set menu. You essentially pick what you want to eat throughout the course of your meal. The staff comes around in little carts with whatever they make fresh that day and you pull it off the cart - they add the dish to your tab.I've dined here solo and with my bf - enjoyed both experiences. The dishes rotate frequently and I haven't had a single bad dish!You can eat as much or as little as you'd like. Came here once and spent $50/person, other time was about $100 per person. Each dish varies from $10-$25 each.Best to come as a pair or small group. Hard to make reservations (taken up to 60 days in advanced online) and walk-ins never guarantee seating, especially on weekends. Better chance to get a walk-in during a week night!
This pricey New American dim sum style restaurant is definitely worth trying at least once. I recommend coming in a group so everyone could taste their many dishes without breaking the bank. The dishes are small but the unique flavors and artistry in the food is something that is worth experiencing. I would highly recommend this place to anyone who has not tried it before. The service here is also top notch as well!
Literally so good I teared up a little
A lot of the dishes were really fun, like the bread with burrata and one of the dumpling (maybe it was rabbit?) However, there were a lot of so-so dishes, and unfortunate not-so-great dishes. The awesome: The butternut mochi was my favorite. I love the chewiness! It went a bit overboard with the dried cranberries- but the mochi was worth it. The so-so: The quail was incredibly juicy and succulent, but the bed of onions it came on was so sour! I also didn't think it was worth the $30 price tag for four pieces. The oysters were fun, but not really very tasty.The not-so-great:: The pork belly was so dry! It was terrible to chew down on. I stopped after a single bite. Then, I was really looking forward to the duck liver mousse, but after one bite, I immediately had a gag reflex, and had to handle trying not to vomit for the rest of the night. :(
Very good food - definitely worth a visit if you can get a table. We sampled a lot (maybe too much; I think I need to go hibernate now...), and the menu + dim sum style is really fun. Some dishes were quite spectacular, some were merely good, some weren't memorable, and some were mostly good but didn't completely make sense (more on that later).Most of the dishes are very fun and experimental. If you enjoy exploring new texture combinations, you'll enjoy the meal immensely. On the other hand, if you're not a fan of super rich flavors (in particular, lots of lemon, nuts, cream, and mushrooms), you may not have the best time. Luckily for me, I love all that stuff.-----Among my favorite dishes were (titles are summaries; some of the full names are just really long):PERSIMMON AND SESAME SEEDS: Devine. Like peanut butter and jelly for angels. BUTTERNUT SQUASH "MOCHI": I'm a huge butternut squash fan, and a huge mochi fan, but I've never even considered a combination of the two - much less as a savory dish. But holy moly was that delicious. I loved the berries it came with, too."KUNG PAO" SWEETBREADS: crisp, fresh, vibrant vegetables and juicy, fatty meat - a perfect combination. So flavorful.POTATO AND SEAFOOD PORRIDGE: I've never had anything quite like this before. Is it a soup or a salad? I'm still not sure. But it was tasty. I loved the range of textures, from the crunchy stuff on top, to the chewy squid, to the soft potato at the bottom. MUSHROOM TOAST: Yes. Two thumbs up.YUZU "ICE CREAM" MACARON SANDWICH: Spot-on flavors, served at the perfect temperature, and I loved that it was paired with raw fennel - when was the last time you got a raw vegetable with dessert? Brilliant.-----We also had a bunch of dishes that were yummy, but didn't pop as much as the above ones. These included:GARLIC BREAD WITH BURRATA: Ok, I have an intense love for both garlic bread and burrata, and this was good. But not as good as some other dishes. The main reason I think this dish fits on the menu is for the texture combination (cold, soft burrata + warm, crunchy garlic bread), rather than the flavor combination, because honestly in that department this is a very conservative dish. Maybe it's there for the less adventurous diners? Whatever, burrata will always have a special place in my heart (probably literally).POTATO-TROUT FRITTER: It's like fish and chips all rolled into one bite! Great idea, and yummy.RABBIT CROQUETTES: Juicy + great sauce.GUINEA HEN DUMPLING: So many flavors!GRILLED OCTOPUS: This dish is all about texture, and they nailed it.LAMB MERGUEZ WITH BLOOD ORANGE: Very Mediterranean-y. Pretty good, but honestly we probably could have skipped this one."WORLD PEACE" PEANUT MILK SHOT: Nutty and fresh, but the ice cream sandwich was better.AHI TUNA TATAKI: The simple flavors here were totally overwhelmed by the rest of the meal. I'd skip this.STEAK TARTAR WITH UNI: Fine, but not memorable. Couldnt really taste the uni.SMOKED TROUT WITH DASHI: Meh.-----One thing I really appreciated among all of the dishes was how each component shined. You can really sense the care that went into the creation of each dish, and how each ingredient was considered individually. That being said, some dishes suffered from this. By that I mean that the ingredients were better as individuals than as a unified dish. Examples:CA STATE BIRD WITH PROVISIONS: This is their namesake dish, so it had better be perfect. And, especially considering how hard it is to find good fried chicken in the city (yes, this is quail, but close enough), the bird was really great. But they served this crispy, fried dish on top of wet sauteed onions, which were also yummy, but they just didn't go together. Don't serve stuff that's supposed to be crispy on top of wet stuff! That's just asking for trouble.DUCK LIVER MOUSSE WITH ALMOND BISCUITS: Liver mousse - pretty good; almond biscuits - amazing; combination - kinda weird. They really didn't pair well; it was confusing. But potentially worth getting anyway just for those magical almond biscuits, which were very reminiscent of corn bread in flavor and of madeline cookies in texture. Overall, I had a fun night. I had some dishes that were definitely 5 star, and a bunch that were 3 or 4. I'd certainly be happy to return - though I'm currently so full that I may never actually need to eat again, so we'll see, haha.
I waited so long to try this place. I made reservations for a party of 4 because I wanted to try everything. I was super excited and high expectation but it didn't meet it. I am not saying it wasn't good but it wasn't great. I really wanted to love it. My friends and I order about 18 dishes. Most dishes that came to us warm, some slightly on the cooler side. The only dish that came nice and hot was their dumpling. Which the dumpling was the best savory item we got that night. I also really like the kim chi fried rice but everything else was just okay. My favorite dish of all was their dessert. Their macron ice cream sandwich. YUM!! I'm happy I got to try State Bird Provision but its not on my list for a revisit.
This place definitely 5 stars mainly because of their service but food as well. I messed up our reservations but they were able to squeeze us in anyways and we appreciated it so much. State Bird has about 12 dishes that they have as staples, and I believe they have 12 other dishes that they change everyday. Everything comes around dimsum style. We had nearly every daily dish and a few of the daily staples. The daily dishes were hit or miss but were generally good. There was a trout collar that was pretty good. Most of these dishes are generally small so you would have to order a lot. The servers are really attentive and made sure we were happy with everything.
So glad I finally got to try this place! Because of the unending popularity that this one restaurant in San Francisco's Fillmore District has generated ever since they've opened, I have always wanted to stand in line with the huddled masses to see what the fuss is all about. But luckily, I didn't have to because a dear friend of mine just suddenly called out of the blue to see if myself and a plus one wanted to go with her and her boyfriend for an evening. Just like that me and my plus one were in. I couldn't believe it after all of this time we were finally in to the hallowed grounds of the one and only State Bird Provisions! And that of course meant we didn't have to wait in line just to get into the darn place. In fact once the doors blew open, we were the first group to walk right on in since we had a reservation. It was as easy as that. My friend said he got the reservation through of all places Zagat. But his best recommendation is that you have a better chance scoring a last minute reservation for four instead of two. The more the merrier I say right? And it certainly benefited us. At State Bird, it's all about serving small portions like tapas or dim sum in a fully realized and conceptualized way. But here, they list half of the menu on a clipboard from which you can order directly from the kitchen and the other half on comes out on either carts or trays as brought to you by the servers, they call them all provisions. Get it? See just like a Sunday morning with dim sum with the folks!Particular highlights were the duck flavored mousse-like pate with toasted bread, the pork belly, the octopus served with squash on a tomato puree, the handmade Kennebec potato chips with a dipping sauce topped with fish eggs, and of course the main dish the deep fried quail served with the so called provisions. My personal favorite of all the dishes was perhaps not so ironically the desserts we ordered what everyone suggested on Yelp to order, the Oolong "Ice Cream" Sandwich with Cocoa Nib Pepita Macaroon, Hazelnut and Chocolate Coulis along with the Milk Chocolate Crunch served with Yogurt Torte, Pistachio Butter, Candied Ginger and Pluots. Everything was cooked to perfection and served with interest and deep knowledge from the staff.All in all, it was an enjoyable evening. With glasses of wine, good food and good company, this was definitely an experience to savor over. I just wish the prices weren't so steep. It will hurt your wallet when you get there and then when you leave you realize you're still hungry which is never a good thing when paying that much money for food. (Hence only the three stars) Would I go back again? I would never stand in line and wait hours on end for a meal at State Bird but that's just me. Would I go with friends who happen to make reservations at the last minute and I become a seat filler? Then I say yes to that. I'm glad I got to try out State Bird Provisions, which is rapidly becoming the go-to place for all foodie lovers in San Francisco and beyond.
What an incredible dining experience! We were lucky enough to get a 5:30 reservation (months in advance, of course) and I could hardly contain my excitement when the door opened promptly at 5:30. We were sat in the middle of the restaurant which allowed me to see all of the food being brought through the restaurant. The decor is simple but beautiful; it has a personality of its own, which is refreshingly different than the stark, modern, industrial new restaurants that have been popping up lately. Our server was friendly and very helpful when it came to recommendations. She explained the dining process, which I loved (HUGE dim sum fan over here). I liked that you could order some items from the menu, while the other dishes were a surprise. Our friends who had dined here before told us to just go big and say yes to almost everything that got brought around, which thankfully we did. My ONLY complaint about the entire experience was that the dishes were not brought around enough. Most of the items we saw at the beginning of the meal were never brought out again. Their wine/beer list is pretty extensive and our server was once again very knowledgable about all of the items on the list. We had so many dishes, it's hard to remember them all, but these are my favorites/the highlights of the meal:- Squash Mochi: BEST thing we ate, it was like butternut squash gnocchi turned mochi. Loved the flavor and the texture. Could have eaten ten plates of them.- Snapper Collar: don't let the looks of it frighten you, it will be the most moist and delicious fish meat you will ever eat. The sweet teriyaki-esque glaze was a perfect addition.- Duck Liver Mousse with almond biscuits: incredibly creamy and delicious, and the almond cakes perfectly complimented the mousse. - Grilled Octopus: it was in a tomato sauce/salsa. The octopus was cooked well, not chewy at all.- "World peace": peanut muscovado milk aka heaven in a glass.I can't wait to go back - this restaurant is certainly one of those places you could dine at over and over again and never get bored. I loved the entire experience and it was truly the most 5-star worthy dining experience yet!
My friend and I have been wanting to try this place for awhile now, and I really wanted to like it, however, it was a little disappointing. Since you need reservations 3 months in advance, we decided to wait in line 30 minutes before they opened, to finally try this place out for his birthday. Once they opened, we got seated right away, which was great for us, however, I found it kind of odd how there were many open tables throughout the whole time we were there (5:30pm-7:30pm ish) because it seems almost impossible to get reservations here. Had we known, we would've just came in at 7pm and not wait in the cold for 30 minutes. Anyways, like everyone said, this place is like dimsum style, with many unique dishes. The servers will go around with trays of food, and the prices are right next to the dishes. There is also a menu where you can order other stuff as well. Service was great by the way. Everyone was very nice, fast, and attentive. I'm sad to say the food, however, was disappointing. It was good, but I expected a lot better. We ordered 14 dishes total (I know, we're fat), and only 3 stood out: state bird with provisions, guinea hen dumplings (salty, but still delicious), and the garlic bread with burrata (you can hardly taste the garlic, but it was still really good). Everything else was whatever's. I don't even remember the names of the other dishes, but I did take pictures!Overall, it was still a great experience. The dimsum style is very smart and unique. You can easily over order here. Having to make reservations "3 months in advance" is also very smart. I think it makes people want to go even more. Definitely over-hyped though. Would I come back? If there is no wait, yes, mainly to try other dishes. I do want to give this place a second chance.
I walked in thinking we will just nibble on 4-5 dishes for two of us...an hour later 12 dishes in wine, apple cider, ice cream sandwich and licking chocolate off a plate, literally! How the heck did that happen?? Our $167 bill for 2 was well worth it ha! Well my friend ordered Rabbit Balls not knowing they were $27!!! WHAT THE! Those balls better of been amazing. The staff was amazing like usual, we had lots of fun sitting at the bar area talking to the staff and watching the food being made. We got super lucky, went on a Monday around 6:30pm and we got a seat in 20minutes!
Where to begin... State Bird Provisions was pretty mind-boggling delicious. Standouts:-- Squash 'mochi': this dish just takes mochi to another level. It was softer than gnocchi, warm and melts in your mouth-- Duck liver mousse with almond corn bread: spreadable goodness that is creamy and delicious-- seafood with furikakae topping over round rice noodles: crunchy, savory and moist-- Smoked trout avocado dip with chips: this was a beautiful marriage of crunchy and soft/and savory-- Guinea Hen dumpling in broth: tender, fragrant broth and each small serving makes you want to have more-- Blackberry granita with viognier gelee and creme fraiche with honey underneath: this tasted better than it sounds, refreshing granita with cream underneath was surprisingly comforting and satisfying-- Crusted Pork Belly with jalapeno and potatoes and plum: delicious pairing of different textures and the potatoes had a nice lemon flavored sauce Not as notable but still good- State bird (crunchy small karaage-like quail) which was small, cute but not as original or creative- lamb with cumin (very tender lamb pieces but too large of a dish imo for 2 ppl)- mirin soy marinated cod tail: large serving size and good flavor on the outside-- Raw oyster: Because who doesn't love raw oystersThis is a place for exploring new things and State Bird definitely delivered with the taste. The chefs really know how to pair things and balance flavors and it shows because you could taste each of the ingredients separately. The price is steep if you want to try many things, so I would save this place for special occasions. We were expecting more carts to be rolled around dim-sum style but it was mostly trays and sometimes the food wouldn't be enough to make the rounds so we missed out on the garlic bread burrata. However, you can also request or order the dim-sum dishes straight from your waiter which helps. Overall, my rating is so high because of the food quality and taste. Price wise and service wise it may not have been 5 stars, but I still think it's worth it to come experience what this place has to offer.
My San Francisco rite of passage review. After 3 long months of waiting, finally the day had come. Even though my partner was 15mins late to dinner we had no problems with our 530 reservation. I would definitely recommend this reservation time- so much food queued up to go, all customers excited, the staff ready to get the night started. It's really hard to say no to a dish with it staring longingly back at you, pulling at your heart/stomach strings. Everything we tried was absolutely incredible. My favorites: the mushroom toast, ricotta sauerkraut pancake, burrata garlic roll, and pumpkin ice cream sandwiches. We ordered maybe 10 different dishes plus wine and the total was $150 which was well worth it. Environment is top notch too- so hip and so far from pretentious. In my free time I will now be trolling their website, looking for an open reservation so I can have this experience again and again and again. Things to know- there's no sign outside... Just follow your nose. Metered and street parking. Everyone lined up without a reservation at 530 got in no problem.
This place lives up to the hype that everyone is talking about! We enjoyed everything. Getting seated without a reservation was easier than expected!
State Bird Provisions is good. They have interesting and innovative food, things and flavor that sound so random but taste good together. We tried a lot of stuff this time, but there were only a couple of items that we would order again.-pork belly w/ dashi-duck liver mousse - it was fine. but there are so many restaurants that have a better mousse. (SPQR)-state bird-mushroom hedgehog toast (one of the items we would order again)-guinea hen dumpling (it was not a dumpling, it was a ravioli and the skin was too chewy)-croque madam -octopus (it was in a tomato sauce/salsa, but we couldn't taste it. the octopus itself was fine)-fried rice-kung pao beef cheeks (?) w/ sweetbread (pretty tasty, especially with the fried rice)-trout and potato croquette -glazed trout (another item we would order again)However, my issue with this place is being able to eat here. i just don't think they're worth the work of eating here. I've been here twice when this restaurant first opened in 2011 and everything they served was interesting, we got our reservations and went. Five years later in 2016, the only way to get a reservation at a "normal" dinner time (not at 5pm, or 9:30pm) is to sit by the computer at midnight, 60 days out to secure a table. I understand they're popular and michelin rated, but there are other restaurants that are similar and it's not as difficult!
It's actually in between a 3 and 4 stars but I always like to round up.Let me preface this review with how much fun I had at this restaurant and that the experience was something I didn't expect from a Michelin star restaurant. However, I felt that SBP was missing something. I'm not quite sure if my palate was off that night or maybe we had one too many drinks before dinner but a lot of the dishes my friends and I got were either a hit or a miss. We ordered about around 14 dishes, including dessert split between 4 people. Food Favorites:- Ling Cod (surprisingly tasty)- Snacking Pork with Apple Mostarda (May I have more of this please?)- Steak Tartare with Uni - Statebird Quail- Garlic Bread with Burrata (consistency of a churro stuffed with gooey burrata.. YUM!)Food Mehs:- Oysters (not a fan of the spicy kohlrabi.. the oysters were great on their own)- Duck Liver Mousse with almond biscuits (tasted VERY gamey.. also, I didn't think it paired well with the almond biscuits, which to me was more of a sponge cake)- 1/2 dozen quail eggs in cast iron pan (not very memorable, to be honest)Experience:Wonderful. I like that you get to point and choose the food as they come around to each table -- creative dim sum like style. It's a great way to taste a lot of dishes and be able to share your thoughts about each dish amongst your dinner companions. Service was great. The sommelier was very patient with our questions about pairings and also gave us suggestions on a bottle/drinks we ended up ordering.All in all, I enjoyed this restaurant and would probably come back again just to try other dishes that never made it around to our table. Still not sure how this is a Michelin star restaurant though.
I really, really, really wanted to like this place. After all, I had set a reservation two months in advance on Open Table, SF locals were shocked that I was able to snag a spot here, and an almost 5 star review set the bar super high. However, nothing about my experience on a Sunday night made me think "WOW. I need to have this again." The menu here changes pretty frequently, so be wary of past Yelp reviews, as they may not have those menu items available.RESERVATION TIPSThis place is notorious for being impossible to have a reservation. Want to walk-in? Even if you start waiting around 4:30-5 PM before they open, if you aren't one of the first wave of parties to be seated, you are looking at a 4 hour wait to be seated closer to 9-10 PM. * Your best option is to set a date that you would like to go and commit to it exactly 2 months in advance, reserving a spot exactly at midnight PST. * Parties of 4 are more likely to reserve a spot over a party of 2, as there are way more four-top tables. There are a couple 2-seated tables, but otherwise you will be seated at the bar.* Reservations may cancel, so friends were able to book a reservation by checking Open Table frequently almost a month in advance.COMMANDABLES~ Air dried beef with red chili vinaigrette: The meat did taste a bit dry, but the flavors were well balanced in this dish.+ CA state bird provisions ($18): We ordered a portion of this for 4 people but looked like it could be served for 2. The fried quail is definitely very small, but they managed to present this without many bones and it was easier to eat than other quail that I've had. The quail was super tender and juicy, achieving a grade of taste you cannot get with fried chicken.- 1/2 dozen quail eggs, cucumber, goat milk: I'm not sure what I expected, perhaps a brunch-like dish for dinner, but this dish was really boring. It was almost like eating a salad.TOASTS+ Smoked chicken-walnut "waldorf" toast: This was a heightened chicken salad on a perfectly crunchy toast, complete with a sesame ridge. - Pickled local anchovy-tomato toast: This toast had very strong flavors of anchovy, and was a little too fishy for my taste. It was very oily and practically slides off your tongue. PROVISIONS // "DIM SUM"- Ham & fregola summer salad: I'm not the biggest fan of ham, so I wasn't blown away by this salad. There was a good mixture of vegetables, cheeses, grains, and ham.- Octopus: Wasn't memorable.+ Halibut tartare: This was our party's favorite. A unique twist on a classic tartare, this wasn't presented as a normal tartare. It was topped with seeds and quinoa that made this dish full of textures and a variety of flavors.+ Kung Pao beef tongue & sweetbreads: What I thought would be a bread and beef dish, was actually just different parts of the cow. Turns out a sweetbread is made from an animal's pancreas and thymus glands. I didn't learn this from the staff, though. My friends informed me of this. The textures were definitely interesting, but well balanced. DESSERT+ Oolong ice cream sandwich with cocoa macaron: I loved this dessert, and wished it was bigger! I couldn't really taste the oolong ice cream next to the cocoa macaron, but the flavors with hazelnuts was the perfect ending to this dinner.- Peach granita & tapioca: Presented like tomatoes on top of yogurt, I wasn't a fan of this presentation. But, I couldn't taste the tapioca at all, so essentially it was peach slushy topped with real peach slices over a smokey tea gele. I wasn't impressed.Service here was just unmemorable. They made sure to visibly write any food allergies so that the staff would be aware of it, but otherwise I felt like the waiters here give the same spiel saying how many commandables, provisions, and toasts would be sufficient for each party. They didn't really have any good recommendations on dishes, so we just blindly chose a couple dishes to try. We also saw some provisions on other guests' tables that definitely never made its way to our table. I wish we saw the full offering of provisions!
It was nice to experience...nice vibe, nice concept, fun place...the amount of variety of food was good, the service was top notch, very friendly, and attentive, but the food was good but not amazing.Dishes that stood out were:Chips and smoked trout avocado dipPork belly citrus saladTuna tatakiBeef tongue pancakeDishes that were ok were:Guinea hen dumplingGarlic breadRabbit meatballsDuck liver pate mousse with almond biscuitsHog island oystersDishes that we wouldn't order again were:Broccoli with fetaCrusted pork loinCroque madame
One of the best dining experiences I have ever had! The food is AMAZING and the service is so friendly - you can tell they are passionate about good food. It's difficult to get reservations here. My boyfriend and I walked in on a Tuesday night around 8 pm without reservations and it was about a 30 minute wait for a table at the bar. Not bad! I loved sitting at the bar since it was right in front of the chefs and you could watch them cook.The restaurant is cozy and set up dim sum style. Servers walk around and present dishes with a price tag on the tray so you know how much it is. You can also order directly off the menu. My tip is to slow down and not grab everything you see since it's so tempting but you end up getting too full for trying what you actually want. Each dish blew me away. Highlights of the meal: Sourdough, sauerkraut, ricotta pancake ($3 each) - perfectly fried and savoryGarlic bread with burrata ($9) - amazing texture and soft burrataGuinea hen dumpling with broth ($3 each) - it's small but very flavorfulOolong ice cream sandwich ($9) - unique flavor with sweet crunchy hazelnutsHeart of palm salad ($15) - very refreshing and delicious dressingKimchi fried rice ($16) - beautiful dish with a large variety of fresh ingredients
After all the hype, I was so excited to eat here at 11:30pm on a Friday night!The dishes are so creative but honestly totally miss the mark like 50% of the time. The sweet potato mochi was described to us a gnocchi, but it was totally chewy and tasteless. For the hype and the expense, I would not go back.
I have lived in SF for 6 months, and have already been to State Bird 5 times, and was also interviewed on Food Porn while waiting in line here! For all of the times I have been here, I have never made a reservation, but rather came to the restaurant about 1-1.5 hours before opening to get a spot in line. There was one time I came with 4 people and we were towards the back of the line, and by the time we made it to the front, they were only letting groups of 2 in. Every other time, we are able to get in when the doors open up, no problem. As a note, it is easiest to get in with 2 people, and if you have more, make sure to get there early to be at the front of the line! There is also this thing where you can pay someone to wait in line for you. Thinking about it... Either way, make sure you get there and get in - you will not regret it.The food at State Bird is some of the best I have ever had, and the experience is really what makes it. The chefs prepare all of the food, and come around to each table with dim sum carts, showing you each item and telling you about them. It is hard to resist most things, and I wish I could eat everything and not get full here! All dishes are great for sharing. They also have an extensive menu that you can order from, separate from the dim sum carts. The state bird (quail) is a must! And the desert is divine as well.This has to be one of my favorite restaurants in SF, and I love The Progress next door too (though a whole other experience). Please come here, it is so worth it. I will be coming back over and over again. SEE YOU THERE!Oh, and I AM IN LOVE WITH THE MINI TOASTED ALMON BISCUITS AND DUCK LIVER MOUSSE.
We thought the hype on this place couldn't be real. But on this rare instance, it was. And deserved every word of it. The concept of dim sum across a wide range of food styles and flavors blew our minds. We ended up eating 2 of the best dishes we've had in San Francisco on our first visit. We're definitely going to try The Progress next.
If this was some other restaurant and not State Bird Provisions, I think I could give my experience 4 stars....but for the cost and the difficulty of getting a reservation, I'm going to give it 3.I went with a group of six and had their set menu for the evening. I've posted a photo of that night's menu as a reference - I don't want to bother listing everything because it was quite extensive. However, I'll provide some feedback on a few items that influenced my rating - obviously with a menu that changes all the time, you could go and have a COMPLETELY different experience....although two of my friends who've been on other nights felt similarly to me.The first course of small plates was probably my favorite part of the meal. I very much liked 5/6 of the options. The only thing that I found kind of average was the duck liver mousse. But everything else - ESPECIALLY the salmon roe crme fraiche dip - was great and I would have liked to have had more.The second course of slightly larger small plates were more meh than good. The pork belly was awesome - tender and flavorful without being overly fatty - but everything else was either forgettable or, in the case of the garlic bread, bad. The garlic bread was just "???" for me - it was served as one large chunk in a bowl, so it was nearly impossible to cut or tear apart and share, and then the bread was much more like a dense, chewy fried wonton than bread.The third course of main dishes was very underwhelming. The namesake state bird dish wasn't any better than a chicken that I make at my house (I couldn't even tell it was fried!), and all the pieces were ridiculously tiny (chicken for ants?). I did really enjoy the kimchi rice, but everything else was just :/I will say, despite the small serving sizes, we were pretty full by the time dessert came - so that's good...especially since I wasn't really jazzed about the ice cream sandwich. Despite having so many components, I felt like it was flavorless. Almost like as if it had freezer burn (it didn't, but that was how it tasted). The lemon pudding cake was a lot better, but not my favorite dessert ever.Service was really friendly and attentive, and the wine pairings worked well. The space is also very cool. We did have a bit of an early seating though, so there were a lot of kids in high chairs. No hate to little babies and toddlers, but it did change the ambiance to something much more like a neighborhood chain than what you would expect from an acclaimed, award-winning restaurant (so, maybe try to go later rather than earlier...).I'm glad I had this dining experience and I'm going to be trying out The Progress in a few weeks - but I don't see myself coming back unless someone else makes the reservation, invites me, and pays for the meal.
i waited a long long time to try state bird provisions because 1) i hate waiting to be seated and 2) reservations are hard to come by at a reasonable hour (before 930 pm)! my parents were in town though, so i went on the website and patiently searched for a rezzie for 3. my mom said there was a huge line when the restaurant opened (no surprise) and first seating was completely full (also no surprise). kitchen is super open and there are plenty of bar seats! i would totally come and sit at the bar to watch the action. the menu is pretty extensive - lots of small bits and larger plates, 4-5 desserts, etc. and we ordered quite a bit from the main menu. the state bird was delicious! crunchy and juicy, i wanted a second order, but definitely wanted to save room for other items. next time i would just get a full order instead of the half. another memorable thing on on the menu was the trout - so refreshing and really great flavor! then the dim sum carts and platters came around - and this was fun - to point at what you wanted. the guinea hen dumpling with broth was probably my fave thing of the evening, followed by the steak tartare + uni with crisp for serving. the beef had really great texture and uni is always a nice touch (kinda like egg on top makes everything better, but more rich!) desserts were also really good - ice cream sandwiches and the coffee panna cotta with fruit marmalade and a sweet crisp for texture! service is friendly and courteous, and definitely take time to make recommendations and check in to make sure you're enjoying the experience. it wasnt a 5-star experience for me probably because i had such high expectations heading in since i've heard so much about this place. everything was pretty good, but i think the dining experience and seeing all the activities in the restaurant was better.
Wow, where to begin with State Bird Provisions. It's one of the most sought after restaurants in San Francisco, if not all of California. It's extremely hard to get a reservation here, but luckily I had a friend who was able to get us in. Our reservation was on a Monday at 5:30 (right when they open), and the standby line was already pretty long. I'm not exactly sure how the standby list works, but I think those who come without a reservation are put on a list, and are given a range of time when they MIGHT be able to get a table. But in any case, I would 100% recommend making a reservation if you want to guarantee you'll get in. If you're not familiar with the menu, they have a system similar to a dim sum restaurant, where they bring around trays of a majority of the items from the 'Provisions' sections of the menu. You're also able to put in an order for anything on the menu with your server, including the 'Commandables' portion of the menu. Here's a list of everything we ordered:1. Sweet Corn Polenta 'Elote': 4.5/5Really loved this! I've actually never tried elote, but this was a great way to try it for the first time. The polenta cake was the perfect consistency, and the flavors with the corn mixed super well.2. Air-Dried Beef With Red Chili Vinaigrette: 3/5The beef was really tender, and the flavors were amazing! Not really spicy, but a little mild so it had a bit of a kick to it. I'd rate it higher but it was a pretty standard beef dish. Definitely tasty but nothing out of this world.3. Smoked Trout-Avocado 'Chip & Dip': 5/5This might have been one of my favorite things we got all night! The smoked trout was really fresh and had the perfect seasonings, and when mixed together with the avocado, capers, onions, and cilantro, the flavors were out of this world! Spread it on the chips and let your palette take control.4. Kimchi Fried Rice: 3.5/5This dish was pretty good, but there wasn't necessarily anything special about it taste-wise. We noticed some of the rice was a little undercooked (not sure if it's meant to be that way), but the dish was similar to a kimchi fried rice you'd find at any local Korean restaurant.5. Garlic Bread With Burrata: 4.5/5This was one of the items we were literally dying to try, and it did not disappoint! The bread was amazing, nice and warm and fresh out of the oven. Then add the burrata on top (which was starting to melt a little and get nice and cheesy) and you kind of just wanna have a whole one for yourself. Although it is pretty heavy so sharing one with the table is enough!6. Sourdough, Sauerkraut, Pecorino, & Ricotta Pancake: 4/5Loved this pancake! Seems like it might be a little bit odd when you see the sauerkraut, but all of the flavors really mix well together. Definitely get one per person because they're pretty bite-sized. Also, we weren't really a fan of the sauerkraut powder which they suggest you dip it in. Definitely could have done without it!7. Smoked Chicken-Walnut 'Waldorf' Toast: 4.5/5Only rating this a 4.5 because I can't allow myself to give a whole 5 star rating to chicken on toast. That being said, this was delicious!8. The State Bird: 5/5This is the one thing you HAVE to try if you come here, since it's basically the staple of the restaurant. I'm usually not big on ordering chicken when I go out to eat because it can get pretty basic, but this was far from it. The breading on the outside was super crunchy and the insides were juicy and flavorful, just the way I like it!9. Oolong 'Ice Cream' Sandwich: 5/5Loved this ice cream sandwich! They usually switch out the flavors every few months but there's always some variation of the ice cream sandwich on the menu. I definitely recommend saving a little room for dessert because this was just as good as the rest of the meal. The cookie was soft and paired well with the ice cream (almost like having tea and cookies because of the oolong ice cream). There was also a delicious hazelnut caramel drizzle on top with nuts that topped it off nicely!Overall, this was an amazing experience! I definitely recommend making a reservation, even if it's months in advance. I can't wait to come back and try it again!
I waited two months to eat at State Bird Provisions.State Bird is one of those quintessential Bay Area experiences: super hyped restaurant, with no signage in the front, that you have to reserve 60 days in advance, and serves up California cuisine dim sum style. I heard how difficult it was to snag a reservation here, but I happened to be online around midnight one day, checked the reservation calendar, and saw an opening! The reservation system only opens up at midnight, and you have to hop on it quickly. Definitely worth it though, I don't think I could wait in line for hours for... well, anything. Service is super friendly and informative here. Each dish comes with a detailed explanation, and the carts come around often. You can also order a la carte from their menu.We had the shishito peppers, pork belly chawanmushi, nasudesu (eggplant), housemade sausage, some sort of pasta dish, and of course.. the state bird. The pasta was the most lackluster dish (evident in the fact I can't remember much about it), and the peppers and chawanmushi were both good. The eggplant had a nice kick from housemade pickled okra, and the state bird was absolutely fantastic. We also had the "ice cream" sandwich and a pudding cake for dessert. The pudding cake was a bit meh, but the "ice cream" sandwich was out-of-this-world good. Chevre filling, sandwiched between sesame cookies, and served with a strawberry reduction. Definitely something every food aficionado should experience!
I came here on a Sunday night, our reservations were at 9 because it was so hard to get reservations. It took my sister 2 months to books this restaurant.We ordered almost everything off the cart. The food is definitely good, I am not a foodie but this place made me try a little of everything. Overall I will come back again, next time I'm bringing my boyfriend. I felt bad he wasn't invited because he loves to try new things.
Get ready for New American cuisine that's DimSum style!!! However, State Bird Provisions is much, much more than that. It starts with the friendly and very casual atmosphere. Then, you meet the person who seats you and she's actually super cool and nice! The wait is long, but she takes your number down and texts you when your table is ready. So, you walk half a block away to Social Study, a cool and laid back craft cocktail bar and and order a couple of drinks with your friends. Once you're back at State Bird, you sit down and the magic happens. They come around with trays of delectable dishes -- tapas style, but with professional presentation and style. We had the hog island oyster, spicy kohlrabi kraut & sesame, brokaw avocado with lime-pickled kale, grilled shiitake with meyer lemon kosho, grilled octopus with red chili vinaigrette and 3 other plates... The point is: if you can try everything, do it. Because they can make something as simple as asparagus melt in your mouth... Btw, one thing to order from the menu is the State Bird. Fall-off-the-bone tender quail. The cocktails are pretty amazing too!
Wow I though I wrote a review for this!? My first visit here was back in 2014! I'm visiting SF next month Want to eat here again! The food is sooooo freaking gooooooood! The line is crazy and worth the wait. There's a million reviews on this restaurant already so I'll save you the reading....Just go, go early, and leave satisfied!
We've been back several times since our first visit and I have to say we're big fans now. The guinea hen dumplings are my fave. On our last visit we had two each. The broth is amazing. Since the dishes change with the season it's hard to post other favorites since they may not be available next time. If you're visiting for the first time I would definitely come in a group of four so you cans try more things. It took a couple visits to figure out what we like and the flavors we tend to dislike.
I'll start by saying I've had the esteemed pleasure of eating at State Bird close to two dozen times since its opening and every single experience has been uniquely different and nothing short of amazing. Conceptually perfect in my mind (note I'm a HUGE fan of dim sum), this gem of a restaurant changed the way people look at Michelin star rated restaurants in San Francisco. It's well deserving of its one star, btw. The onion pancake with Mendocino uni is perfection. Steelhead trout roe sitting atop crem fresh with house made potato chips as a vessel!? Get in my FACE!!! Guinea hen dumplings in mushroom broth. I mean, the list goes on and on forever...Might I suggest starting the meal with a glass of vermouth? You NEED to awaken your palate before ordering everything on this menu. One final word of advice. "Just say yes."
How in the Hell my boyfriend is still alive is a miracle of St Batshit crazy.Quote " Oh yeah, the time I was at a border crossing in West Africa sitting on a bucket with an AK aimed at my head"He is the only one I know who has story after story of potential life ending situations. And he has a few scars to prove it. The there is his softer side. The side that agrees to meet new (old) employers about getting back in the world of actually earning a paycheck.We've been very busy lately and we had agreed to reserve the Holiday Season for close friends, family and charitable organizations. So when he agreed to meet up for a business dinner this was a very big deal.To close the business portion out, he did say he would make no decisions on the business front till after the New Year. But he did decide to try some very weird shit at State Bird. After all, getting a reservation here is fucking hard.For such a crafty foodie spot, they sure do rush you in an out but given the quality and the unstuffy atmosphere it's a warm welcome to the usual snooty restaurant scene that has become San Francisco.Try the chicken, which by the way isn't really chicken.
Asian flare type of food is what comes to mind. Service was great, food came out in decent timing (for dishes you order from the menu). Riesling was really good, a bit on the super sweet side, so drank it like a dessert wine (I asked for the sweetest one).Some of the 'dim sum' dishes were ok, the soup I can pass, the hummus as so-so, but all of the meat dishes were tasty. I ordered a pancake, fried rice, and fried quail from the menu. All were delicious except the fried rice was alright. It had a lot of flavor and I loved the crispy rice, but I wouldn't order it again.Dessert was really good though. Ice cream sandwich and the shot of peanut milk was super delicious, probably the best and highlight of the night. The fried quail was also the highlight, but dessert won the night over.I'm not sure what the whole hype is, and why there would be super long lines, I got my reservation through AMEX, and everything worked out fine. I think it's cute how some dishes come out in dim sum cart, and appreciate how they label dishes with prices, but the food wasn't mind blowing.
This place lives up to every hype on tv, magazine, Instagram, Facebook, etc etc!! Come early! Before the resturant opens (5 pm), there is already a hugggeeee line outside for people waiting for open tables! I would suggest getting a reservation! Parking is a little difficult (we had trouble at 1030 pm), so plan for that.The menu is set up into two parts-- the regular menu, where you can order with your server and will be brought to you (like regular restaurants). The other part of the menu is dim sum style, where servers bring different dishes to your table and you can choose what you'd want! All of the food that I tried was amazing, but my top suggestions are:- Frois goi and chow & mooshi (something like that)- Chanterelle mushroom toast- Beef tongue pancake- State bird provisions -- my fav!- Lamb with cumin, squid, and dates -- second fav!- Pecan tartFood that I would avoid (-1 star):- Chinese sausage - honestly, it's no different than anything I haven't had in Chinatown before - Seafood with dashi potato - it was a weird combination & was a little too salty
The hype does not live up. I was so excited when i got rsvp for this place that i studied the menu almost every day. We actually had 3 people and we learned that they will give you a table of 4 when you have party of 3. So you have time to grab your extra person for dinner.  This place works like a dim sum place. You can pick from their cart or order from the menu. Their menu changes often so it's easy to forget what you ordered. So it's hard for me to remember what i ordered since my phone also dead in a unexpected death before i was able to upload anything  However, I remember getting a few items such Guinea hen dumpling and the duck liver mousse with the biscuit. I didn't find anything special with the guinea hen dumpling. Just that it seem oily. The duck liver mousse was my favorite. All of use got our own and I did not want the share this dish. The was another dish that i forgot the name but it had uni in it. The Uni was good. It's hard to find a place that serves fresh uni/ The biscuit to me was more of a corn bread and went perfect with the mousse foie.  The garlic bread with burrata was a disappointment. I didn't expect the bread to be so hard. Not what i was expecting at all.  My friend recommend the world peace. Which was just milk with a slight hint of peanut butter, no idea what the rave was all about. When i was here, they had the szechen pepper ice cream sandwich. It was better than the world peace. Sometimes in life, there are ups and downs. This place was too hyped up for me. Sorry but i probably don't be back
I would have to say that the duck liver mousse, was the best thing here. I literally licked that plate clean. Most dishes were decent but there wasn't too much that made me want to come back. The experience was definitely well worth it. You don't have to wait long for food to come by. I wouldn't order off the menu. You'll get a better idea of what you can enjoy when each tray comes. I'd say give it a shot, but only if you have reservations. Lines here definitely get long.
4.5 Really glad we made it here during our very last (single-digits, eep!) days in the Bay Area! Reservations were surprisingly easy to get, I got a reservation 60 days out online just before midnight for a table for 2. If you don't have reservations but are willing to eat late, check-in around 6 pm and they might tell you can come back at 9 (they did that to two consecutive groups in front of us while we waited to check in for our reservation).They have smaller plates that come to your table dim sum-style, and then larger plates you can order from the menu,, although our server told us if you see anything go by that you want you can just order it too. We shared:CA State Bird [quail] with Provisions ($9 half size/$18 full size). Soooo delicious. Breading was up there with the best fried chicken breading ever and the quail meat was so tender and delicious. We started with a half size and ended up ordering another because we loved it so much, but our waitress said there was no downside to doing that & the full size is equivalent two half sizes.Kimchi Fried Rice ($16). Mostly for my husband but I enjoyed the bites I had.Guinea Hen Dumplings ($3). Very yummy but nothing super out of the ordinary.Duck liver mousse with almond biscuits ($6). Almond biscuits were little drops of heaven but the duck liver mousse itself could have been better. Weirdly, I put some of the mousse on the quail and liked that better than with the almond biscuits (maybe because the biscuits were sweet?)Garlic bread with burrata ($9). Bread was amazing, burrata was good but nothing special.Small-plates places are always a bit pricey, but this wasn't too bad and we definitely enjoyed trying a lot of stuff. And most things we had were really good, especially the signature State Bird. Plus it's a fun, unique dining experience. Highly recommended!
********************* 1252 **********************  New American restaurant State Bird Provisions serving inventive, progressive, farm-to-table with freshest ingredients, from the same kitchen as the Progress team Michelin Starred Chef-owners Stuart Brioza and Nicole Krasinski. They won the Best Chef West 2015 James Beard Award and Michelin Starred since it opened, it's one of the hardest restaurants to get a reservation in San Francisco.   I love the beautiful airy high ceiling that arches overhead, and the beautiful wood work on the wall, intensive labor work put into this beautiful, modern, but elegant. A small bar area with only a few seats to the crudo and oyster bar open kitchen, so without reservation, you need to get in line around 3-3:30 PM on a week nights to get a chance on those bar seats.   The bar menu and full dinner menu at the bar, so it's such a great option for diner like me CANNOT get any reservation from both restaurants :-) It's not a complain, in fact it makes me more excited and a little adrenaline rush with the thought that I couldn't get any seat even at the bar, haha. That was how I feel about last night dinner with my best friend in town.  Luckily chef Stuart Brioza was in, what a treat for my best friend and my visiting somm friend from NYC. Love the delicious food to share, reasonable price point, great concept and execution. It's "one-of-a-kind" dining experience at this farm-to-table modern/progressive American and world influence in the Fillmore District. If you are foodie, you got to check State Bird Provisions out, you will thank me later. Please come with open-minded, it's not what yoju expect, but you will be in for a treat. The wine list was delicious by Sommerlier Jason Alexander, if you are a wine lover, collector, or a somm, you would enjoy this list tremendously. He offers wines of the world, beautiful white Burgundy, the grower Champagnes, Rieslings, and plenty of French, Italian and Spanish red for under $70 bottles! And if you are a collector, check out the Cellar Selection, I'm in love!   The service was always good here as well as at the bar, was equally fantastic, attentive, caring, and purely enjoyable for us.   I'm looking forward to my next visit to explore the ever evolving menu daily and the wine list to pair with it.
Our friend and fellow Yelper, Huy D., made reservations for four two months in advanced. He stayed up until 12am to do so on their website! Thanks, Huy!The reservation was for 10pm and we arrived early hoping to be seated earlier, but they were booked solid. When we were seated the server explained that we could order off the menu, but there were plates going around "dim sum" style not listed on the menu. We sat by the left end of the open kitchen so we got to see what was coming out immediately and also got first dibs! Score!Dishes that I would order again:CA State Bird with Provisions Ice Cream SandwichesGarlic Bread & Burratta - This was a little salty, but the burratta was creamy and delicious!World Peace - Yummy, but pricey.We weren't impressed with everything we ordered, but we had a good experience.
Dinner at State Bird Provisions was nothing short of wonderful. My boyfriend booked us reservations (the required 60 days in advance at midnight online) for my birthday and when he told me where we were going I was pumped to finally mark it off my list. We found parking easily enough (in the Kabuki Hotel garage) and walked around Fillmore to kill some time until our reservations. Right as we were seated a server stopped by (they work as a team- you're not bound to a single person during service) gave us the run down, and we were off to the races.The passed bites were are intriguing- at some moments it became difficult to decide what to actually commit to, the beau and I shared many many questioning looks, "what about this one?" "pass" but there were also several dishes that neither of us hesitated to order.Overall I think we sampled a pretty good portion of the daily menu: + charred octopus with kampot peppercorn & tomato sauce ($10) - Loved this!+ air-dried beef with red chili vinaigrette ($9) - I savored every bite of this dish, flavorful but not over done+hog island oyster, spicy kohlrabi kraut & sesame ($3) - I regret only having one of these, I could have easily had several but they came by the table early and I didn't want to spoil the rest of my appetite.. easily one of the best dressed oysters I've ever eaten! +guinea hen dumpling with aromatic broth ($3) - We each had one of our own. I was slightly underwhelmed by the dumpling, it was good and tasted home made but it was missing something IMO.+pork belly pluot salad ($7) - I mean, is pork belly ever bad?+sweet corn polenta 'elote' ($7) - I liked it elote! Definitely, DEFINITELY get this if you're feeling kinda corny.+nectarine with whipped crescenza & pink peppercorn ($6) - I really enjoyed the savory preparation of this dish. I had expected it to be very sweet, but the mild stone fruit went well with the mild cheese and peppercorn.+garlic bread with burrata ($9) - Kouign Amann's savory cousin, have I mentioned that burrata is my middle name? OK, no it's not.. but I wouldn't mind if it was.+artichokes, potato fritters with fennel frond ranch & black olive crunch ($14) - This was the only 'menu' item we ordered and it was delicious. The "ranch" wasn't that ranchy, and the black olive crunch (how do you do that State Bird!?!) was super delicious. I really liked the components of this dish separate and together.. +duck liver mousse with almond biscuit ($6) - The bae begrudgingly let me order this (he wasn't begrudging at all though, he knows I love that kinda sh!t and insisted I order it even though I was super-de-duper-de-full.) The almond biscuits were the bomb.com and the mousse was super light and not overly metallic (as he would typically describe it)We skipped dessert (we had ice cream across the street BEFORE dinner), wrapped it up and walked out with the fullest bellies and biggest smiles on our faces. Definitely, DEFINITELY make a reservation at State Bird Provisions if the tapas vibe is your ish! (It's also worth noting that we spent just about $100 for this date, I'd say we are medium eaters, as in we can split a gigantic burrito, so for a fancy night out this place didn't totally break the bank!-- also, also worth noting we didn't imbibe in any drinks for this meal... b/c #birthdayhangovers amiright?)
Well worth the wait.We have been trying to get reservations at SBP for about a year. Surprisingly, we were finally able to get a reservation at 9:30pm on a Friday during Super Bowl weekend. Pros ++ Food was delicious. We had several of the plates that they bring around and each of them complimented each other. We also chose to order the State Bird Provisional plate from the main menu and 'wow!, that is one of the best things I've eaten in years. The bird was cooked and seasoned beautifully. Our group couldn't have been happier!+ Staff was very attentive and friendly. We never went without. Each server was knowledgeable about the plate they were serving and were happy to give recommendations. + Atmosphere. So this is a total luck-of-the-draw, but we happened to be eating there at the table next to Conan O'Brien. He was super friendly and apparently is a regular there. The restaurant is very clean.Cons - - The restroom situation is an issue. There are only 2 private restrooms and they're unisex. I found myself with cooling food from waiting so long in the bathroom line. - The desserts were a rare miss in my opinion. Clearly these guys are more about the savory and less about the sweet. We tried 3 different desserts and they were all incredibly tart. I'd say skip the dessert and order more mains. Pro Tip - Although it is said that you can arrive at 5:30 (when it opens) and get put on a list, this has never worked out for us. At 5:15, there's already a line 20 people deep to get their name on the list. In the event that a reservation cancels or doesn't show up, they will call you. You really have to be patient here because they don't guarantee that you will be seated. They only say that between the opening and closing hours, you MIGHT get a call. I'd recommend just getting a reservation 2 months out and not worry about the "if's"
When planning our long weekend in San Francisco, State Bird Provisions was not part of our original agenda. Our friends were able to snag last minute reservations for a two top and so my fella and I decided to find our own dinner plans. A few hours before our friend's reservation, my fella decided he didn't want to be left out and made a call to see if they would be able to change that reservation to accommodate all four of us. We didn't have much faith he'd be able to do it, but much to our surprise my fella accomplished his goal.Our party of four arrived a little early for our reservation but were seated quickly and the food processional began. We ordered the following items: steak tartare, duck liver mousse with almond biscuits, pork loin with grilled peaches and yogurt, fried game hen, artichoke fritters, kung pao beef tongue with sweetbreads, oyster shooters and battered clams with tartar sauce. I enjoyed everything we tried with the standouts being the duck liver mousse, steak tartare, pork loin, game hen and beef tongue. Perfectly balanced flavors and I was thoroughly impressed and excited by all the inventive dishes. Service was great and the dim sum style of the restaurant kept the courses moving at a quick pace. I absolutely adored my meal at State Bird Provisions and it was the highlight of our recent visit to San Francisco.
I was visiting a friend in San Francisco and I specifically had my eye at this place. I read articles about the unique dining experience which I was excited about. It is pretty much an a la carte dim sum style (w/out the dim sum) where most of the provisions (dishes) are circled around the restaurant asking each table if they would like to try it. They also have menu items that can be ordered as well. I knew my friends and I had to wait in line before it opens since it is really hard to get reservations. So, we lined up around 4pm (opens at 5:30pm). There was probably about 10-15 people in line when we arrived. People with no reservations get 2 chances to make it to the dinner service (5:30 or 7:30). I think they take around 20- 25 people per service. My friends and I were lucky enough to get the last few seats for the first dinner service at 5:30. The place was compact with a nice modern ambience. Servers were really nice and helpful in terms of describing the dishes that were being served around. My friends and I tried around 16 different dishes (13 provisions and 3 menu items). I would list out all that I tried but that is way too many for a yelp review lol :)My Favorites:1.CA State bird $18 (serves 4 ppl) - Menu item2.Pickled local anchovy-tomato toast $5/piece3.Wild king salmon tartare, cucumbers & sudachi kosho aoli $124.Rich may peach granita, tapioca, smokey tea gele, nectarine & shiso $9 - Menu itemEvery dish I had was good but I felt like these were elevated hence my top 4. I highly recommend this place if you want to experience something new, don't mind paying $$$ for small portions, and waiting in line if you have no reservations.
Had a table of 8 and dinner was delicious. The waiter was very attentive and friendly. I would recommend this restaurant.
TL,DR-- michelin quality food and service for a muggle's budget. State Bird Provisions is a dim-sum style michelin-rated restaurant. You can order from the menu or pick items from carts. My boyfriend and I pigged out at SBP on my bday dinner. We ordered 13 dishes yet the bill was only $87 before taxes / gratuity** (read the NOTE).Couldn't get a reservation 1mo in advance, so we braved a walk-in. Surprisingly there was ample street parking on Fillmore! We arrived at 5:35pm, just 5 min after opening.... and we missed the immediate seating by a couple parties :( oh wells. The waiter said the wait would be ~2hrs, but ended up being only 1.5hr!A critical note: we got bar seating right in front of the chefs. I don't know if this is because we were walk-ins, but the waiter didn't even ask if we cared for the table / bar seating preference. While it was cool to see the chefs in action, I got all dressed up in silk and leather to sit in front of firey grills! Also, the lighting on the bar seating is HORRIBLE for pictures. Any amount of liquid made the food pic look overly glossy. If you're looking to come here for a romantic date, make sure you ASK and clarify that you don't want bar seating.WHAT MY BF AND I HAD:-QTY 4 Raw Oyster w/ spicy kohlrabi kraut & sesame, 5/5 starDelish and fresh! If you like oysters, get em!-Duck liver mousse with almond biscuit, 3/5 star. First time trying duck liver. Not bad for trying but not my cup of tea! Almond biscuit was super delish though. Felt and tasted more cornbread-y.-Guinea hen dumpling with broth, 4/5 starVery flavorful :) wish the dumpling skin was thinner though. It was really hard to share this dish (in retrospect: DUH!) so if this dish sounds intriguing, order one per person.-Kung pao beef tongue with sweetbreads and bacon, 5/5 star**NOTE: There was a little innocent insect in the dish. It probably came from the salad material. I wasn't offended-- it was clearly a clean-insect as opposed to one that comes w/ filth (i.e. roaches). But obvs this embarrassed SBP greatly, so they re-made the dish and took it off the tab. This service was expected, but I still appreciated their acknowledgment :)For food, the tongue was SUPER tender and the bacon juicy. Also, the portion was HUGE! $20 didn't seem like a lot at all given the amount of meat there was in this dish. Had I not received this dish for free, I still would have been content with the choice.-Chawanmushi, 4/5 starIt is a savory Japanese custard-y egg soup. It was delicious but I also forgot that I ate this before I was reminded by my bf. Took off one star because it clearly wasn't special enough to be stored in mah memory bank!-CA state bird provisions, half order, 5/5 starMy boyfriend especially loved this dish. The breading was perfect, and the bird juicy. The CA state birds are quails, and also widdle, by the way! Order the full order if this sounds good :)-Braised and roasted cod tail, 5++++ / 5 starIt was equal to the length and larger than the girth of my forearm, and I ate the whole thing. I need not say more.(BTW-- they have a similar dish, except for salmon tails, for those who prefer salmon over cod! The cod is softer and less flavorful of a fish than salmon but absorbs the sauce better!)-QTY 2 mini pancakes, 3/5 starThey're the first few items on the menu. While they were good, I didn't think they were particularly good or special... good to order if you want small savory finger foods to fill your almost-full tummy.-Octopus with tomato sauce, 5/5 starMy boyfriend LOVED the tomato sauce (of all things?!) And the octopus pieces were tender and juicy. Would recommend!!-White tea, salmon roe, mini pickled onions cold soup provision, 4/5 starInteresting texture but delicious, light, and savory! :) Would recommend if you haven't tried it before and are interested. -Oolong tea ice cream sandwich with pistachio-caramel sauce, 5++/5 starMy boyfriend duly told the waiter oh-so-sneakily (but not really... good try) that it was my bday. So they put a cute little candle on it! :) Cuteness aside, the ice cream was SO good. Good amount of sweet and lightness in the ice cream, with strong pistachio-caramel sauce. Try this for your dessert!-Complimentary peanut muscovado milk shooter for each of us, 5/5 starIt's only 5/5 star because it was free... hahaha. It was delicious. Like Reese's cups flavored milk. I wouldn't have paid for it tho! --fin--
This place is a must!! We went for dinner and only waited 45 minutes to get a seat at the bar. All the food was super creative and delicious. Even my husband who won't eat seafood, ended up trying everything that came by. Service was great and loved the staff!
If you're thinking Michelin Star = Pretentious...think again! I popped my Michelin Star cherry at State Bird Provisions, and it was the BEST two bills I've ever spent at a meal. The staff makes these amazing, small, but super comforting, plates the center point of the night. Everyone is friendly, and hoping to make your meal a great one. We were the second in line, and opted to watch the action from the kitchen counter seats. We had first call of the dim sum rolling out of the kitchen, and could revel in the preparation of the other patrons' picks as we indecisively navigated the menu.I've got to give kudos where they are due: George was quick to share some of his favorite menu items, and easily convinced us to order a few more items even when we were stuffed! The energy of the kitchen was lively, and the food so delicious, it was seductively euphoric.And if you don't end with a shot of the 'world peace' peanut milk...then you've missed a wonderful end to one of the better meals you'll eat in your life. Also, the fig leaf soda was slightly bitter, but super refreshing. I highly recommend something from the in-house crafted drinks.
State Bird Provisions seems like a strange name for a restaurant, but it's certainly a conversation starter. The owners named their restaurant for the California state bird, the quail. Coincidentally, that's one of their signature dishes on the short menu. The bird is deep-fried with a mottled, rough exterior that brings out the richness of the meat. It's counterbalanced by tart, puckery onions stewed in lemon and rosemary, tangled on the bottom of the plate.The food, and the entire concept, are original. The printed menu is small - only six savory plates and five desserts - so because of this, most of the food comes out of the kitchen spontaneously. Chefs prepare a quantity of one dish, plate it into individual servings, and the waiters hawk it from table to table, like at Dim Sum restaurants. Servers even place marks on the elongated check that's secured below the table, and the bill is tabulated at the end. The food is so good that you'll end up eating too much. The tab quickly adds up.Some of the most compelling dishes are the duck liver mousse, as light as whipped butter and served with warm, sweet almond biscuits similar to a financier cake. It plays off the classic Sauternes/foie gras pairing. A half dozen sunny-side-up quail eggs, served in a cast-iron pan on a mat of Sunchokes blended with apples and Mount Tam triple cream cow's milk cheese. Raw oysters are spiked with house-make kohlrabi kraut. Chinese-style dumplings are filled with guinea hen in a citrus-spiked broth.The experimentation is fun, and some combinations are so wonderful you hope they'll be on the menu next time. Diners are also encouraged to order from the menu. Just about everything is a must-order item at State Bird Provisions. The atmosphere is casual. Pegboard walls and ceilings and the concrete floor and walls still lend a raw, industrial edge. I would book two months in advance and requires a study in patience to be assured a seat.Can't wait to come back!
One morning I got lucky and was able to make a reservation for almost two months out online. Boo for having to wait but hurray for getting lucky! The day I have been waiting for finally came and our reservation was at 9:30 p.m. Unfortunately we weren't seated until much later and were pretty frustrated seeing people who checked in after us seated before our group. The staff here is amazing and made everything right. They apologized and we were brought complimentary glasses of champagne, a couple of oysters and a small sample of their duck liver mousse (such a tease, but a good one). Multiple staff members apologized to us and truly made us feel like they care about their customers. We tried the beef tongue & horseradish-buckwheat pancake, garlic bread buratta, smoked trout and avocado, chanterelle, ham & fregola summer salad, guinea hen dumpling with aromatic broth (we were obsessed with the broth), and couldn't leave without trying the CA state bird with provisions. The flavors are out of control! How can you not like this place? Do you know how many foodgasms we had that night?! One member of our group is usually a picky eater, but she was willing to try something new. The funny thing is that she was so disgusted at the thought of eating beef tongue, but that ended up being the winner at our table and she can't stop talking about it. If you live in the area or visiting San Francisco, I highly recommend trying to grab a table here! It's worth the wait and I plan on returning so I can explore the rest of the menu.
Amaziiiiiing!!! Everything I ate here was amazing and different and unexpected. Tapa/dim sum style plates. The server was really nice and definitely helped my first time experience there extremely! She told us how to order and recommended great dishes. And when we were looking at plates that were going around but always gone by the time it reached to us, she put in an order for us. I wanna say one of the guys walking around the floor with dishes was also really attentive and made sure we had a chance to try everything that we wanted to try. So overall, customer service here was top notch!Food... Omg. The food was amazeballs. My fav was the Kung Pao and the statebird chicken. The duck mousse was perfect and seriously, everything we had was delicious. I couldn't have enough of anything but our eyes were def bigger than our stomach. My recommendation is, don't be afraid to try anything, even if it sounds weird.
I enjoyed this meal so much and was so excited to eat everything that I took zero photos of the food.All I know is everything was delicious and I can not wait to come back. I recommend sitting at the bar if possible. You get to watch all the food being prepared which may sway you to order everything :)My Faves-Duck liver mousseSteak tartarPancakes
TL;DR: A lovely array of dishes served in a chic & modern setting. That said, only 5 out of the 16 offerings would be considered "holy crap numnum my brain ah I pooped my pants" delish. Forget street cred, I'm looking to involuntarily lose control of my bowels. Plus, it's so friggin' annoying to get reservations.THE DEETS:***DUCK LIVER MOUSSE with almond biscuitThere must have been some serious force-feeding going on here, because this bird's liver was as creamy as a bowl of Ben & Jerry's (TM). Delightfully savory with just the perfect dusting of pepper & sea salt. Accompanied by almond biscuits that might as well have been little pillowy cornbread muffins, a hint of sweetness to create that unsurpassed concerto of complexity.***BEER-BATTERED BUTTER CLAM with grilled ramp remoulade Applebee's (TM) called, it wants its 2 buck deep fried appetizer back. Had no idea these were clams, could've been anything as they were totally masked by oily batter & tartar.***CRUDIT with chickpea & yuzu kosho The low point of the meal. Undeniably fresh baby carrots, radishes, & snap peas towering forth from a bed of hummus. Scratch that, hummus minus the spices that make it hummus = plain mashed chickpeas. Where my flavors, yo?***BIG ISLAND OYSTER, spicy kohirabi kraut & sesameThe oyster might have been good, but it was impossible to taste behind that wall of potent kimchi. Was it well flavored? In my opinion not as good as the stuff you can get at the Korean grocery.***GUINEA HEN DUMPLING with aromatic brothOccupying the space between ravioli & potsticker, this meat-filled creation was thought-provoking, but not life-changing. Filling tasted kinda like pulled-pork. Broth was a bit salty, not as aromatic as advertised.***CHARRED OCTOPUS with peppercorn & tomato saucePleasingly charred creature of the sea, some really nice textures. Pretty strong tomato flavors here--very pleasant as a small dish, but it wouldn't have succeeded had it been any larger.***LAMB SHANK PIEROGIES in brown butterI've made it a personal policy to never turn down pierogies, and so far it's brought me through some tough times. These beauties were fried in brown butter, which I literally slurped up at the end. Jaw-droppingly scrumptious dough and soft savory fillings. There is no evil to be found here.***GARLIC BREAD WITH BURRATAI lack the willpower to resist anything 'burrata'. But wait, it can be served warm and gooey!? This oozing mound of joy engulfed a warm twisty loaf with a perfectly doughy center. It wasn't garlicky, but it didn't need to be. Painfully perfect.***PORK BELLY PLUOT SALADI'm in love with the concept, and while the plouts truly were gloriously fresh & sweet, deep frying pork belly betrays its soft & delicate nature, turning it into a cheap lump of grease. Stew or grill it and I'll love you forever.***1/2 DOZEN CAST IRON QUAIL EGGS with crushed favas & smoked almondsPleasantly surprised by the symphony of flavors here--devastatingly rich yolks, tangy kumquat, crunchy, almost perfumey almonds. Perhaps a bit too intense--I started to slow down right about here.***'KUNG PAO' BEEF TONGUE & sweetbreads with bacon, nuts & seedsIt's just so hard to take 'kung pao' anything seriously without it tasting like PF Chang's (TM), whom I despise. What a shame that Chinese 5 spice blend, soy saucey onions, and oily stir-fry residue completely masked an otherwise fascinating combination of flavors & textures.***BEEF TONGUE & horseradish-buckwheat pancake"Oh there you are Peter!" This is exactly how beef tongue should be presented, lightly seared so that it retains that melt-in-your mouth tender creaminess. The buckwheat pancake was fluffy and sweet, achieving perfect harmony with its host.***PICKLED LOCAL ANCHOVY-TOMATO TOASTI've never met an anchovy that I liked...until today. This little guy was painfully fresh--I could only taste a faint hint of fishiness in the very center; otherwise its velvety flesh didn't even resemble seafood. Paired with tomato upon this lightly toasted, delightfully moist bread, I shed a single tear.***'WORLD PEACE' PEANUT MUSCOVADO MILKWandering through barren desserts for 3 days with no food or water, barely stumbling into the first town after countless mirage, my last ounce of energy would bring forth only two words from these cracked lips: "Woooorrrld Peeeaaace..." Thus is my virgin plea for sustenance. That is all.***SAFFRON CHIFFON CAKE, boysenberry, caramelized honey, chvreAngel food cake with fruit. Utterly mundane. Instantly forgettable.***RICH MAY PEACH GRANITA, tapioca, smokey tea gele, blueberry & shiso Whoever thought that smokey tea gele belongs here deserves a swift punch to the junk. This campfire pollution managed to desecrate an otherwise decent dessert. Well, I guess it was kinda average to begin with--some peach-flavored shaved ice. Meh. Stick to the 'World Peace'. Thank me later.
It's impossible to get a reservation here. I have a couple of brainy Ph.D. classmates that built web scrapers just to claim untaken reservations the second it comes online... so blame them for that. The (slightly) easier way is to wait in ~ an hour in line before the restaurant opens to score a "walk in" spot for later that evening. That's the approach I usually take (not brainy enough) and even after waiting 1.5 hours to get a 7:30pm reservation last time, I would probably do it again. That's how good this place is. State Bird is one of my favorite restaurants in the city (and yes, I like it more than it's sister restaurant, The Progress). It's relatively affordable compared to the other michelin star restaurants and you don't have to order a set menu. I love how flavorful each dish is... The intense flavors are not overwhelming because of the intentionally small portion sizes. You order a variety of dimsum plates to share. In terms of food, you have to get the CA state bird... I mean, it's in the name. The bone marrow is also delicious. My personal favorite is the guinea hen dumpling!
THE STORY: State Bird takes reservations at midnight on Open Table 60 days ahead of the date you want to book. You know what day was 60 days before my hopeful dinner reservation: my birthday! Here I was at 11:59pm before my birthday, crouched above my laptop screen. My friend was similarly crouched before her laptop in the Bay area. Midnight strikes! A flurry of clicks and several swears later, we.... don't get the reservation. Dangit. We try again and refresh the screen because we know the routine: lots of people in the same party try to book, and sometimes the same party gets multiple reservations. These lucky guests end up dropping the ones they don't want, so the poor souls who failed get to try again.I continually have no luck, and eventually give up. I have no interest in doing this to start off my birthday. My friend is stubborn, but similarly has no luck. She's texting me variations of failed attempt complaints. I reply, "Ah well. I'm going to sleep." I get ready for bed, but because as a generation, we are tools of our tools, I check my email on my smart phone. Lo and behold, a confirmation email forwarded to me by my friend. We got the 5:30pm-restaurant-just-opening-its-doors reservation at State Bird on the night that I just happen to be visiting her in the Bay. What a sweet, delicious birthday surprise!And it was, for the most part, delicious. I would NOT recommend this place to vegetarians. It's not worth the price or hassle for vegetarians to eat here. I was playing vegetarian this night and happily enjoyed some kabocha squash "mochi" (how do they do it!), a beautiful and colorful vegetable crudite, the most petite and delicious almond biscuits (really mini-mini pound cakes) ever, a persimmon miso something (the persimmon was disappointingly underripe for being an in-season fruit, but the sauce was great), and a few other dishes. My friend really enjoyed her half order of the state bird, the beef tartare, the garlic bread, and other meat dishes I can't care to remember. We both dug on the desserts. We had the world peace milk shot (yum-o!), the mint chip ice cream sandwich (great toffee sauce and dried berries), and the fudge cake with jasmine cream, citrus, and szechuan nuts (really interesting flavor profile; best eaten in parts because otherwise it is overwhelming and not that great).Menu rotates constantly. The wait staff is really helpful and friendly. Have fun coming here if you've got the time (and the cash!).
this place SUCKS! I cant review the food because I didnt get any! The reservations system is so friggin stupid... we were told we could go- and if "early" we could dine as a walk -in. So we got in line at 5pm..and after an hour wait we were told we could come back and dine at 930! I wouldnt write anything if were told in advance thats how the "walk-in" are handled --But to make matters worse I went back in today to make a reservation..no one could help- one one said sorry for wasting your time! THIS PLACE CAN BITE ME!
Wow. I've waited so long to finally eat here. One day, I just said screw it. Let's wait in line as early as necessary. Almost an hour later, the restaurant opened and we were able to get a table. Score! So one of us sat down on the chair into a puddle of water. Asked the waiter for a towel...no apologies...just a "Oh, it must be from watering the plants." Ugh. Bad start. Wouldn't let that get in the way of my meal though! So...moving on...If you haven't read the hundreds of other reviews, this place is basically a dim sum style establishment. Great concept. Food is freshly made. Servers walk around with a tray and price tag. Pick your items and he or she will stamp a card. We ended getting almost everything that went around. Impressed? No. I thought the food was far from it. Their signature dish, according to the waiter, is the dumpling/pot sticker. Tasteless without any yum factor. Such a sad fail. The dishes were extremely overpriced. $5 for a single, raw oyster? Ugh. The best dish of the night was the trout served with potato chips...and that was nothing to really rant about. We spent almost $200 on a very disappointing meal. As I mentioned, the concept is wonderful. The food needs some work. Frankly, I don't understand the lines. Pass.
WOW. No wonder you can't get a table, ever. We rarely have dinner in the city but I figured if we'd ever get in here it would be at 9 on a tuesday night and it worked.. we seemed to be the last walk ins to secure a spot. YAY! This was actually really great because by sitting at the counter we were first to see and receive all of the pass and serve, dim sum style dishes. I honestly don't even remember everything that we ate but it was fantastic. My absolute favorite was a pork dish that was part of the pass and serve service. We also had an octopus dish, a rabbit dish, oysters and of course"the bird". There are 2 different sizes of the bird dish and I'm glad that we opt'ed for the smaller one as a) it is an extremely rich dish, and b) we had enough other dishes that this one didn't have to be too filling as we had lots of others. I'm not a big fried chicken fan but this was perfect. I can still taste it! Sitting at the counter, we were able to speak with a number of the chefs and cooks who were all so hospitable and informative about their dishes, sharing what their favorites were and stories about the restaurant. I know it's hard to get a table but I can't wait to try and get in here again soon!
I've heard all the hype about State Bird, and somehow, it was even better than it was hyped up to be! The four of us couldn't get a reservation, so we lined up outside in the wind and cold starting at around 4:20 pm. The line wasn't too long yet, and we made the first seating! It was kind of a tease standing outside and seeing the prep going on through the windows. We were already getting ideas of what we waited to order by watching the prep lol. They opened right at 5:30 and let in all of the people with reservations first before getting to us.Once we were seated, they gave us a bit of info on how the restaurant works, which is really neat! It was basically like dim sum style (with trays and you pick what you want), but you could also order items off of the menu as well. They even have that little sheet where they tally the price of your dish lol! What was really great was that you could ask any of the servers when you needed something and they'd key it in for you. The food was so amazing! There were a lot of favorites and some things that were okay, but everything tasted good. We basically said yes to every single item that came around, in addition to several bigger plates we ordered from the menu and were so beyond stuffed. The four of us ending up ordering about 18 different items! Some of my favorites was the snapper, the salmon and toasted quinoa, smoked fish with chips, artichoke hearts and potatoes, and the CA state bird with provisions. For dessert, I could eat a whole plate of the ice cream sandwiches, they're so tasty! I'm going to be dreaming about my next trip to State Bird, it was well worth the wait!
Best food in the city. Great experience. Sit at the chef's table. Prepare to fall in love with your food. So delicious. If you watch yourself, you can get away with a reasonably priced dinner. Unfortunately everything tastes so good, you can't stop yourself from ordering everything on the menu. It's like an eclectic dim sum. I met the owners who are incredibly nice and always there it seems. Very hard to get in. I waited 2 hours. Worth it.
I've been here twice now.. both times solid but the first time left a more positive experience. Theres a couple of things to think about for you dine here:#1 Strategic planning around your arrival: Either make a reservation or walk in an hour before closing on a Monday/Tuesday (slower nights). If you want to go the reservation route, try booking online ~12AM as the openings reset and you're more likely to get a better time. If you choose neither of the previously mentioned options, prepare to wait.. a long time!#2 Order a couple of things from the main menu before you start picking up the a la carte items being walked around. We made the mistake of taking too long to order menu listed dishes that we stuffed our face with every a la carte item that walked by us and couldn't get to anything else. #rookiemistake#3 If possible, come with a group, its more fun to share the tapas sized dishes allowing you an opportunity to order and try more things! Despite being a 1 michelin star restaurant, its no where near pretentious. Its a super casual place with great energy and overall solid/breezy service. Some of my fav dishes:- Hawaiian fried rice- State Bird- Avocado/trout dip- Steak Tartare en crudoHonestly.. they change the majority of the menu up (even the passed items) so there is almost no point in sharing what was good. Just get a nice long look at the options as they pass by and choose selections based on form of preparation and ingredients.
"Shout out to the Asian girls, let the lights dim some." - an overly emotional Canadian rapper/actor.State Bird Provisions is a novel foray into American dim sum. As a dining experience, it was legitimately fun. You get to see waiters hawking interesting dishes as they walk around the tables. There are carts being pushed back and forth. From a purely theatrical point of view, State Bird succeeds. Presentation was immaculate. Service was impeccable (the staff was nothing short of amazing). Where it falters, however, lies with the food. As the days got closer to my scheduled visit, I read more reviews and noticed a common trend: a lot of the great reviews for State Bird were from Yelpers who were either slightly/heavily sloshed while sober diners had mostly tepid reviews. Why? Most patrons have too much time to kill from the moment they put their names down on the wait list to actually sitting down and eating. They end up at local bars drinking until the feasting starts (food always tastes better drunk). And there my friends, lies the rub. If a visit entails midnight reservations two months in advance or a 3-hour wait time, the food MUST be sublime. No exceptions. The vast majority of the items, and there were too many to list and keep track, were mostly OK. Nothing memorable. Pretty average. Only four items stood out:1. Garlic bread with burrata 2. Almond biscuits with duck mousse 3. Ice cream sandwiches4. California state bird with provisions This is not to say that State Bird isn't worth trying at least once. You should. It's an enjoyable experience. Kinda like a matinee movie. You'll see it once, forget about it, and move on.
I was a little skeptical after seeing a few reviews alluding to this restaurant being over-hyper but noo - disregard!! This place is faaabulous and a must for all foodies!! I came here around 7 PM and welcomed by NO line on a Thursday night as a surprise birthday treat for my best friend. I simply wrote my name & number down, and the greeter at the front let me know about an available spot at 9:45 PM. For not waiting and a michelin starred restaurant in SF? I can handle the later dinner time. I went to a friend's place and told my friend to meet me a the restaurant at 9:45 (though I was also informed of a neighboring bar which looked fun!). I got a text message at 9:45 PM sharp that my table was ready. Our dining experience was absolutely perfect! Servers came around in little carts with lots of super interesting tapas dishes that we could pick up if we wanted. Each dish ranged from $7-15 or something like that - not too bad. In addition, the restaurant had an interesting list of entrees and a wide range of wines. We had bar seating and our server was super sweet with her wine suggestions and tastings before we chose some yummy reds to go along with our dishes. I HIGHLY recommend the duck liver mousse that went so perfectly with the sweet almond cookies, the soft/melt-in-your-mouth salmon, and of course -- I will forever dream of the macaron cookie sandwiched between szechuan pepper ice cream. As you can tell, all the dishes were SO unique and made for some really memorable combinations never before tasted by my taste buds. GO GO GO!! You don't even have to deal with the wait - just go with one other person, be ready for a late dinner time, and go hungry!! For ~$100, I was SO happy to treat my friend out to a really fun, foodie dinner (:
Pro tip: arrive 45 minutes prior to the restaurant opening if you don't have reservations and you'll get seated. Do this during Fillmore Jazz Festival and you won't feel like ur waiting in line at all.The food is the best I've ever tasted. It better be worth that Michelin star. And you must, must get the quail (state bird, duh). It won't disappoint! Also for a really nice fancy Michelin starred place, it's pretty affordable (or you can make it that way) since you can keep track of your bill since everything is served dim sum cart style with the prices on it. You don't have to get every thing that passes by, but if you can you should.. since it's sooooo good and the service is superb.I'm a fan forever.
TL;DR: You should definitely try this place at least once. After that, meh.I really hate to be that person to give State Bird a low rating... but given the huge hype, the food was not very memorable. To book reservations, you have to book 2 months in advance at midnight, or wait hours before getting seated. After all that anticipation, I expected the food to be A-MAZING but it was just ok.The system they have is similar to a dim sum place. They had waiters walk around with trays of food and asked if we wanted some, except, they also had the prices right next to the dish. That actually made the dish look less appetizing bc I realized I was paying 10$ for a couple small pieces of quail. Still, the experience was pleasant in the sense that there were a lot of people, and since we made reservations, we got a fast pass to the front. The dishes were small portions (like any Michelin restaurant). We ordered:1. Oysters2. Smoked trout-avocado "chip & dip" 3. Hen dumpling4. Persimmon with kinako & black sesame5. Rabbit6. CA state bird7. Kimchi "fried rice"8. LambThis seems like a lot but this was the perfect amount for the two of us. Kimchi fried rice was bomb! Without it, I don't think I would have enjoyed this meal as much. Avocado "chip & dip" was also delish, but did not quite fit with the Asian fusion theme. The other dishes were interesting to try. The persimmon dish is not what we expected but was yummy with a kick. The state bird was a tad dry, but was the lamb made up for it. All in all, it was a good experience and was relatively cheap for a Michelin restaurant. Not sure if I would come back, but I certainly had fun eating here. The waiters were also on top of their game and know every ingredient (a considerate touch if you have dietary restrictions).
This is a place made for groups and for a nice casual dining experience. No need for a suit and tie here. There is a nice wine selection both by the glass and bottle. If you're patient enough to brave the long wait or plan way in advance, then bring a bunch of friends and enjoy an innovative and unforgettable dinner at State Bird Provisions!
Great dim sum style food that's all so scrumptious! Ask for the chef table :) I'll come back here in a heart beat. I would say to try the state bird with provisions, the carrot mochi, the trout... Awe man, have it all!!! They also have a little insider info for dessert. You can order half portions! So we had half of everything! Haha! Love this place!
I can't vouch for the accuracy of this review since I had been drinking heavily at several different bars prior to my seating time. By the time I was led to my counter seat, I was feeling ravenous and in the mood for drinking more, so I did exactly that. To complement the imbibing, I nibbled on a variety of small dishes. In my drunken state, I thought everything was excellent. Some standouts were: oysters, guinea hen dumping, beef tongue and horseradish buckwheat pancake, duck fried rice, duck liver mousse and cheesecake. Was waiting in line at 4:30 to snag a 10:15 spot worth it? Hell yeah! The long window provided the perfect opportunity for me to indulge in my favorite pastime...DRINKING! Drunk eating is the best. Holler!
I can see why this restaurant is so difficult to reserve a table. Luckily, had a reservation and was seated promptly after. For those without a reservation, you'll have to stand in line for walk in. I overheard the first few in line started at 3:45 pm on a Saturday and they don't open until 5:30.I highly suggest making reservations or lining up on a weekday to avoid the crowd.Once presented the drinks menu, there was another menu with the shareable dishes that can be ordered on top of the dim sum style tapas. I liked the fact that the servers make their way around the restaurant quickly with a platter of each dish. They go around to each table and describe the dish with a small price tag of which they will note on the bottom of the menu if you choose the dish.My favorites of the evening were the grilled beef with maitake, broccoli and umeboschi-rosemary vinaigrette which was cooked to perfection. The polenta with corn and of course the state bird. My least favorites were the salmon tartare due to the fact that the quinao was toasted so it was very crunchy. The guinea hen dumpling was too gamey and a bit salty and the pork belly with Vietnamese vinaigrette was overwhelming with the fish sauce.The service was fantastic and the colorful plaid shirts are a nice hipster touch. I would suggest going in a group of 4 people to be able to taste everything and share a few of the entrees. The menu constantly changes so I'll try again in the fall.
A wondrous dim-sum style concept! Hipster approved :D IMO, nothing groundbreaking in regards to flavor and nothing that would prompt me to eagerly make another reservation at least two months in advance. Dishes are, no doubt, appetizing, but not too eventful. This highly acclaimed, one Michelin star restaurant definitely earned a spot on my foodie bucket list and as a result of the delicious anticipation, I was kinda expecting to have an extraordinary experience with the flavors here. When our party arrived for a 9 pm reservation, the place was swarming! Man, they must put crack in the food, because something keeps em' coming. We made sure to order a majority of the dishes recommended by Yelpers to ensure we would experience the same damn thrill everyone keeps raving about. For provisions, we ordered the highly recommended: + Duck liver mousse w/ almond biscuit + Garlic bread with burrata (you can never go wrong with burrata!) For toasts, we ordered the beef tongue and horseradish-buckwheat pancake, which I admired, due to the fact that the photogenic beef tongue was handsomely thick and tender. For commandables, we ordered: + CA state bird with provisions + 1/2 dozen cast iron quail eggs, farro, green olive salsa verde, and apple ( personal fave) + Duck fried rice (my fianc was raving about this one all night )If you're a dessert fiend like me, end your evening with an order of the Szechuan pepper ice cream sandwiches. The Szechuan pepper flavor was nonexistent, but overall, a delectable, chocolaty joy. Good food, decent service, cozy venue, and an intriguing concept! You wont regret trying this place out.
Pros: - Great service. Servers were very attentive and very on it.- They accommodated our vegan friend. And its was soooooo good!- Food pairings are different so made it for a unique 'eating' experience. But I do feel like its a little overrated... but I guess that happens when something is overly hyped.Cons:- Parking is not ideal (it's Fillmore area)- VERY LOUD! Can barely hold a conversation with your table.- Dessert is underwhelming- Obviously pricey.Would I go? Nah. I went, i tried it and I'm good now. Don't feel the need to go back.
Really disappointing. Before going I read both the good and bad reviews, and was on the fence after that. I rolled the dice, and my entire party of 4 was disappointed. I don't think we would be happy paying $50 for the meal, but we paid $150 after tip, and that's only because we got out early (and still hungry). We kept thinking the next plate would be what all the rave is about, but that plate never came.If you're on the fence like I was, but need to try it, I suggest getting a couple $4 plates, and a couple $15 plates. If you're not happy with at least 3 of 4 dishes, get out while you're under $50. Then, do what we did, go somewhere nearby for a real meal.
Went here on Valentine's Day. Food is unbelievably good (get the State Bird with Provisions). Staff is really warm and considerate, and are friendly about giving advice on the creative menu items. Amazing dining experience.
The space is pretty small, but the food here exceeded my expectations. Every bite bursts with such flavor. It was worth making reservations two months in advance.
Had to see what all the hype was about. Fun place and if you prefer to dine late, unlike Californians who eat as early as a retirement village, this place is a great place to hit up after a movie or a show at the Fillmore. We walked right in with only a 5 minute wait.Food was interesting and innovative, yet a modern twist on comfort food. High quality, with high prices to boot. Hey, I guess you get what you pay for, and when you lose track of how many small dishes you've said yes to, it's kind of your own darn fault. Overall I like it.
Not worth the price. The food is pretty good, nothing that'll convince me to come back later though. The portions are way too small. 4 pieces of fried quail (1 whole quail) is $30 (~$36 after tax+tip), or $9 per piece. I've been to places in SF that costs $6.5 for the whole quail that tastes better than here. Great service - 4.5/5Oysters on the Half Shell $3 each. Pretty decent, chili oil is kinda over powering. 3/5Mushroom dumplings. Way to salty, no umami flavor at all. 2/5Some kind of root vegetable + black trumpet mushroom. Amazing! 5/5Albacore toast. Pretty good, kinda greasy. 3/5Beef tongue toast. Very overpowering cumin flavor, very tender. 3/5Raw vegie on bean paste? Pretty good, great presentation. 4/5State bird (deep fried quail). Pretty good, very tender and juicy. The crust is too thick and hard. 4/5Lamb, bean curds and vegetables. Amazing! Very juicy, great flavor and no off flavor like some lamb. 5/5Some kind of crouton balls with potato. Don't remember the details. 4/5Overall score 3.7/5 (Which is not bad by any means)
One of the best meals I've had all year!! I had been trying to get reservations here for the longest time! My coworker regrettably could not make her reservation time so she gave it to me! It was our first time here and without knowing we first walked into the progress (their second restaurant) by accident. There are no signs with the restaurants name on it so we just opened the glass door next to it and there it was in all its glory! The restaurant is really cute inside with a nice open kitchen. They have a pretty good amount of tables, benches, and bar seating. I came hungry with my mom, sister, and her friend. We were noobs so we just ordered two things from the actual menu and then tried pretty much all the dishes they brought around on the trays except for a few of the seafood dishes. Here's what we had:+ Duck liver mousse with almond biscuits + Sausage and potato fondue + Asparagus + Burrata on a donut puff pastry + Duck fried rice + Trout + Palm salad + State bird + Trout mouse avocado tomato pure with chips (chips and dip)+ Oyster+ Pork belly Citrus mint jalapeo + Potato takoyaki with shrimp n bonito + Beets with goat cheese + Savory egg custard pork belly shiitake sriracha + Shiitaki lemon dumpling with a chicken soup flavored with five spice, ginger, and onions Everything was absolutely delicious! My favorite was the palm salad! I have never tried hearts of palm before and I was pleasantly surprised. The textures and flavors were amazing and so refreshing and light. Their chips and dip were also amazing!! $11 for chips and dip. Yes do it. For dessert we had the peanut butter milk shooters, the mochi butter cake, and coconut macaroon lemon custard ice cream sandwich. The ice cream sandwich was amazing! The milk just tasted like the milk after eating a bowl of peanut butter crunch cereal, and none of us liked the mochi butter cake. The cake itself tasted very starchy and it came with a weird sour cream and chive topping on it that was just bizarre to us. Our server got our feedback on the desserts and was kind enough to take the butter cake off our tab. The service was great! All the servers were friendly and very knowledgable of all the dishes. Their menu items change frequently so I will definitely be back for more! Highly recommended. Make a reservation if you can and if not, come early before they open!
EXCELLENT! Incredible concept, ambiance and delicious food! In love with this place!!! can't wait to go back!
Went here right after they opened and had an amazing time so can't speak on it now if it's changed but I ordered one of everything on the menu and everything was truly divine. Can't say enough good things about this place. Don't sleep on it.
Rule #1: Make reservations! We made reservations 2 months out -- yes, TWO months out. Delayed gratification is key! Walked in on the night of our reservation at 8:30pm, and was promptly seated at 8:31pm. I loved the casual interior decor of the restaurant -- high ceilings with a staff decked out in spring-colored flannels and fresh-to-death comb overs. The staff is super cute and friendly here. Loves it! It didn't seem that busy on a Thursday night. In fact, there were open seats at the bar readily available for walk-ins. The menu is cute. Small tapas/ dim sum like plates to share. It's easy to get order-happy here and end up with a bill of $$$$, so watch yourself! Overall, super fun and delicious dining experience to share among good company. It's a bit pricey, so come in a group of 4+ to optimize ordering and trying out the entire menu without all the $$$ damage. ---FAVORITES---1. ICE CREAM Sandwiches! -- probably the best I've ever had, no joke. Gingery cookie, vanilla ice cream, topped with chocolate nutella pecans & hazelnuts. Umm, YUM!!!2. GRILLED BEEF with salad veggies -- The beef was perfectly seared medium rare, sliced to delicate thinness, and marinated with an amazing punch! Just try it. The flavors will blow your mind once it hits your mouth.3. BEEF TONGUE & horseradish-buckwheat pancake -- at $5 a pop, it's well worth the price. I actually deconstructed it and ate the beef tongue and pancake separate. It tasted way better. Beef tongue was juicy and tender. Pancake was coarse and earthy. 4. Duck & Squab w/ chimichurri -- Drumstick/ meatball anything, baby! Deliciously served on a bed of mashed potatoes. Loves!5. Pork Belly citrus salad -- Super salted and a bit dry, but in a way that tasted realllyyy good! 6. CA state bird -- super crispy. The combo went really well with the cheese and onions!Is it worth the 3+ hour wait people hype about? No. Immediate seating with reservations? Heck yes! I'm a fan!
This place is really hit or miss on the food. I would not wait 3 months to eat here. Air dry beef: the taste and the flavor is good, but the beef is rather dry. It also has too much hot sauce on it, which over powers the other flavor of the dish. Prosciutto chawanmushi: this was DISGUSTING! It was way too salty! The texture of it was just way off too - I can make a better chawanmushi that taste way better for less than $1.00Oyster: Not fresh, not good, and the radish is too saltySalmon tartar with avocado: the salmon is mushed up too much and the chip that came with it is just regular potato chip - nothing special Tuna tartar: can't taste the tuna at all as it's covered with too much sesame seeds CA provision chicken: fried well, but the sauce is a little too gooey and has too much onion in it - the sauce and the hen doesn't go well at all Red Trout: the trout is probably the best dish of the night - the skin is extremely crispy and the flesh melts in your mouth
What a great spot! We ate here recently and had a lovely meal. The waiters describe this restaurant as "dim sum style," meaning that you can order what you want off the menu, but you can also grab various dishes as they are brought by to your table. We ordered a few of the toast items (Croque Madame and sauerkraut) off the menu as well as a salad and an entree or two, and then just snagged items as they came by. Overall, the food was good but some of the meat dishes were hit or miss and were lacking flavor. We tried the steak tartare and the octopus, and both were underwhelming. Many of the vegetarian dishes were superb, so if I have a chance to go back, I'll probably stick to those (along with the pate, which was to die for).
Delicious food - truly amazing. I love that they have a different menu every time you visit, and I loved all the plates that came to my table. It was a great experience and really fun to look forward to. We booked a 9 pm Monday night and it was such a treat. Great wind list, tasty bites, and a fun atmosphere.
What do you say that hasn't been said. Unique and excellent. Dim sum meets pacific/california/cuisine. You have to go at least once! The dos and service are all very good. A funAnd u owe experience.
With SF's $4 toasts and $10 vending machine bottled fresh juice, I have come to be skeptical of the ironic trends of this city. But State Bird lives up to its hype, Michelin star, and reservation hassles. Like many fancy-pants restaurants, State Bird has a nondescript storefront with no sign, though I appreciate the fact that it has an actual name because I feel like we have enough street-address-turned-restaurant-name places. The decor is nice, with an interesting bar seating area facing the open kitchen and wooden/metal accents. However you shouldn't expect anything too much for interior decor, as it isn't anything jaw-dropping and there are kinks here and there (like how all the artwork taken together seem distraught and lack a common theme, how some of the serving plates are chipped, and how the table-set napkins have a plain striped design that look like dish-washing towels).Service is friendly, but in a way that makes things somewhat awkward: you have to somehow politely decline the Michelin-level service with dainty descriptions of dishes brought around on trays, in contrast to real dim sum places where it's fine/expected to ignore the ladies yelling dim sum cart items to nonspecific targets.Their cuisine is quite fusion-y, and I think the style would best be described as Asian street food gone fancy.(++) CA state bird with provisions $18: Fancy KFC! The quail is surprisingly moist and has nuanced flavors, though I disagree with the shaved parmesan provisions (grease on grease... too much lipid in one dish)(++) Miso mirin ginger braised cod collar $8: Nice fatty fish with umami sauce(+++) Wild king salmon tartare $12: Better than any (farm-raised non-king) salmon sashimi you'll ever have. Also really like their incorporation of toasted quinoa, which added panko-like texture.(+++) Beef tongue and horseradish-buckwheat pancake $5: Pancake is a very modest way to describe the perfect crisp-to-fluffiness ratio of this masterpiece, and I found it similar to blini (Russian pancakes). Pairs well with the succulent beef tongue(++) Don Watson's lamb with cumin, squid, padrons, and dates $20: The lamb itself was melt-in-your-mouth and had a nice kick from cumin, but I think it would have done better alone. The other ingredients are not bad but kind of random, especially the dates (the sweetness catches you by surprise)(++) Chazuke $3: Nice acidity, and the roe explodes like popping boba. Personally I think this would have better balanced including rice like traditional chazuke(+) Chawanmushi $5: Chawanmushi was soft and subtle as expected, but in the end it didn't taste much different from typical chawanmushi with a piece of porchetta on top(++) Kung pao beef tongue and sweetbreads with bacon, nuts, and seeds $20: The fried sweetbreads tasted similar to popcorn chicken, but overall delicious(+/-) Garlic bread with burrata $9: We don't know why this was recommended on Yelp... there was almost no garlic taste and was instead very strong in white pepper. Bread texture was too tough(+/-) Couscous $5: What you expect in fancy boxed salad (+++) Pork belly pluot salad $7: Omg! Perfection. (Spoiler: the pork belly has an extra fried coating!) Maybe we should rename the restaurant State Pig Provisions(++) Air-dried beef with red chili vinaigrette $9: The beef was too dry, but the chili made it a Spanish tapas-Vietnamese shaking beef fusion(+) World peace peanut muscavado milk shot $3: All my friends were blown away, but honestly I thought this tasted like a sweetened version of the fresh almond milk in Taiwan, except $3 would get you a whole bottle there. Also disappointed this shot was non-alcholic(+++) Oolong ice cream sandwich, cocoa macaroon, hazelnut caramel $9: Mmm, tantalizingly complex. The oolong flavor is provocatively strong (like Humphry's) and contrasts with the cocoa, hazelnut, and caramel so the focus is not just sweetnessThe verdict? Impressive creativity with the complex flavors and textures of fine dining. The best dishes have such elaborate dimensions that you take a bite and have to think about it like pondering the meaning of life (which is food, of course)The caveat? If you've eaten your way through Asia you need to be more selective--you run the risk of disappointment because some dishes taste extremely similar to street food specialties, except at $$$ prices and portions.Tips:- I suggest a group of ~4 people so you can try more stuff, especially since some plates can be large. Plus, evaluating the crafty dishes makes for good conversation- For the sake of your limited stomach space and budget, I recommend you to stay away from vegetarian items. It's not bad but just doesn't quite compare with the meat dishes. (How can anything herbivorous compete with pork belly?!?)- Total damage was $65/person (with dranks!), and we were actually full! I thought we would have to go to Panda Express after but we all left with happy stomachs and souls (and not unhappy wallets)
Michelin rated, excellent service, dim sum carts!
Wow.What a disappointment. I came here the first year they opened it was really impressed. Tonight everything seemed to go wrong. The food was bland, and poorly executed or just not very well thought out.The service had issues as well. I saw a waiter reach down on my neighbors plate to rearrange a crockette with his bare hands.Later a different waiter asked me how everything was. And I answered hit and miss looking down at plates but only had a bite taken . He just kept rolling .Here are few of the things I had ;Little pancake with duck (I think ) pastrami . Tasted only the dry pancake and nothing else .Pork rolled in black rice . The pork was very lean so after being cooked it was hard and dried out . Grilled octopus . Rubbery and hard to chew . I have had this at other restaurants where it is braised and then grilled so it's not like eating a flip flop. Persimmons ( or maybe squash ) again tasteless . Pork belly with a small Vietnamese salad . This was probably the best dish but could have used more heat and less pork . I also had the crudits. This is really a difficult dish to do well . It is an incredibly simple and relies on very fresh flavor full vegetables . While the vegetables were beautiful and fresh they lacked flavor. Duck dumpling in broth . The skin was very good and the filling was fine. The broth was slippery and had too much fat . It should have been closer to a consomm . And the dish was close to impossible to eat . It was plated in a small high bowl that made it hard not to make a mess while eating .
Lucky number 1600. Ill just say, its nice to have friends in high places. No wait. Great table.I might, however, stand in line for the fried quail. We has multiple orders on this night, recently.I could write a few paragraphs, but why, this is the 1600th review. We had a great experience, and look forward to many returns.
I had a great dining experience here with my girlfriends. I've been wanting to check this place out since it opened but just haven't had the chance to until this week. My girlfriend scored reservations for a Tuesday dinner at 7:30 pm which was awesome!  I went here with a group of 4 ladies and we were seated immediately. I love the whole concept which is American food served dim sum style. We ordered the garlic bread with burrata and a plate of state bird provisions. Then the food carts arrived immediately and we picked and chose from the carts. We tried so many dishes I can't even name them all. I loved the state bird provisions and the garlic bread with burrata. Some dishes are delicious and absolutely worth it while some were just OK. The service was great and everyone was extremely helpful!  I will definitely return with my husband so he can check this place out. Definitely a great place to try at least once when you're in SF.
State Bird Provisions, in my opinion, is not worth the hype.Without a reservation, I decided that it would be a good idea to go early. I got there about forty five minutes before they opened for dinner at 5:30pm, and the line was already long. With all the positive reviews and recommendations, we decided to stand in line and wait till the opening. Once they opened, they began letting people in for a first seating and stopped it about halfway down the line, saying that the next seating would be in a few hours, and they would take our names down for reservations. By the time I got there, they were fully booked for parties over 4 people. I was told that my seating (for a party of two) would be at about 9-9:30pm. We agreed and came back after killing some time (3.5 hours) in Japantown.After dying of boredom, we came back at 8:50pm, and they couldn't yet seat us as it was still packed. And they offered that I could order a drink while I waited, which was nice, and I did.We were seated a the bar. Multitudes of food came our way on dim sum-like carts, and we could order a la carte as well from the menu. Everything was upsold, and extremely pricy. $9 for chips and dip? Not for me. The flavors were mediocre. We tried a few of their dishes; the oysters, quail, sausage, pork belly, one more thing that I can't remember, and some sort of peanut milk for dessert. Other than my glass of wine, and actually, I really enjoyed the peanut milk, I was not impressed and stopped ordering. The food was nicely presented, but taste was not memorable.State Bird Provisions is a sort-of unique experience, but not one of my favorite meals.
After hearing so much about State Bird Provisions, I wanted to see what the hype was all about. Came here at 5:30 on a Sunday with a group of 4 (it was packed. you need reservations!) and came out satisfied.Although no one dish completely blew me away, the overall experience at this restaurant warrants it 5 stars!For those of you with smaller appetites, that can never finish an entire entree, and love trying a bunch of different things, this is the restaurant for you! Dim sum style waiters bring around little bites. You can also select things on the menu, or request a waiter to bring you one of the dishes you've heard about online. It's amazing that they've expanded this style of dining beyond your typical Chinese Dim Sum, though the dishes definitely have Asian influences.On to the food... (note - the dishes change frequently... more of an excuse to go back!)Get:- Crispy pork belly and citrus salad - one of my favorites of the night. You can't ever go wrong with crispy pork belly, but the citrus and the pluots really balanced the dish out.- Kung pao beef tongue with sweetbreads - so so so good! The beef tongue really carried the flavor, and the sweet breads added a creamy/crispy texture.- CA state bird with provisions - you're almost obligated to get their staple dish... but this will not disappoint. The quail is super crispy and tender.- Potato, shellfish & pickled seaweed porridge - this dish was super unique. The potato was a light, refreshing base, and the seafood was fresh.- Garlic bread with burrata - who doesn't like burrata? This one is paired with super crispy flaky bread- Smoked trout-avocado 'chip & dip' - one of my favorite! The smokiness was definitely apparent, and the avocado countered nicely.- Granita - again, this flavor changes, but the icy granity was perfect with the creamy creme-fraiche- Ice cream sandwich - the texture of the cookie was to die for!The OK:- Charred octopus with tomato sauce - octopus wasn't charred enough for my linking, sauce tasted sort of like a cioppino- Cast iron quail eggs - i believe the toppings vary for this dish. The version we had was a bit too acidic for my liking- Kabocha squash mochi - too sweet!- Lemon meyer pudding cake - not a fan of lemon... or the texure of this cake! Others at our table liked it though- Duck liver mousse with almond biscuits - prefer crostinis with my mousse!Pass:- Air-dried beef with red chili vinaigrette - the beef was pretty chewy..Anyways - you need to try State Birds at least once for the experience. I will definitely be back once the menu changes!
#Letdown. After waiting for literally months, we were invited to join a friend for his reservation on a late Thursday evening. As I was driving up, I had images of pork belly citrus salad, guinea hen dumpling, and ice cream sandwiches floating through my mind accompanied by a lather of drool.We were a bit early for our reservation so we had a quick drink at The Progress(same owners and just as equally hyped). Once seated, our waitress explained servers will bring by trays of "Provisions" or small dishes(a la dim sum style) and that we could order larger dishes, called "Commandables" as well as pancakes/toasts, and desserts.Long story short, we sampled a wide variety of dishes and the 3 aforementioned dishes I had been looking forward on the drive up ended up being the tastiest. The remaining 10 or so were decent but not mind blowing.Although the restaurant was packed to full capacity, service was friendly and prompt enough. I don't imagine coming back again as there are just too many tastier Asian fusion choices in the City. #MovedOn
My friend and I waltzed in on a Sunday night, thinking we could get in without a reservation. Of course we couldn't, and then we got placed on the "cancellation list," so if someone cancelled their reservation (which was very unlikely) we could come in. We head to House of Prime rib and got a 10pm reservation. Get there 15 mins early, chill at the bar. And then at 9:46pm, we get a call from a 415 number. Oh my goodness. We take the call, frantically tell them "YES WE CAN BE THERE IN 10 MINS," grab a lyft, and go!Okay, the "getting the call" portion and anticipation to the restaurant was the highlight of this moment. It pretty much went downhill from there. Loved the concept of dim sum style eating, but I wasn't crying tears of joy during or after the meeting. It's good food, but for SF standards, it's decent.
Stop. Stop reading this, right now. Go here. You don't need to order anything. Just wait for food to come around like dim sum. If you get Megan as a waitress you get an even better experience. There is nothing bad here. You could prolly eat the table and it'd be delicious. Seriously. Stop reading. Call and get a reservation.
Came here on a Thursday night at around 8:30 pm. I had a hard time locating the store because there is no signage outside? The entrance door looks like a cruise ship door with circular port windows, and the kitchen is an open window display on the street. The open kitchen onto the street is quite neat.The hostess told us a table would be free around 9:15 so I registered my phone number so they would text when a table would open up. This restaurant is a 5 minute walk from Japan Town, so that was a nice detour to go kill time.The food is expensive. The portions are small. This food is meant to be savored. I can see myself coming here to try some new dishes...but I wouldn't come here starving because it'd be very expensive. It's a great place to go with friends and just talk and share stories while sharing a meal. The restaurant was a bit loud so we had to talk loudly to hear each other.The dim sum style is a cool touch because you never know what to expect. It's a fun element of surprise and discovery - keeps things fresh and new. The servers do well in concisely explaining the dish. Rather than the same old long deliberation over the menu some people tend to do (which you can still do for the menu items), the dim sum style items forces a spontaneous decision that spruce things up a bit.My favorite dish was the chips and trout avocado dip! I know it sounds silly to go to such a nice restaurant and eat chips and dip, but it was so delicious next time I come I think I'll just obsessively eat chips and dip as my dinner.The duck liver was very interesting. It was quite good...but I had such a hard time persuading others to try it that I don't think I'd order again because I can't finish it myself.All the other dishes were creative and delicious. The cooks clearly had a good understanding of balancing the spices and flavors of their dishes. The pork belly vinaigrette reminded me of the stinky tofu taste.Overall, a fantastic place for fine dining and sharing a meal with friends. Recommend coming half-eaten if you are budget-conscious.
Waited 90 minutes BEFORE the restaurant was open...as suggested by my two daughters. We were the fourth group in line! This is the only restaurant, where we didn't have reservations that was definitely worth the wait. We could see some of the dishes prepared through the front window...trying not to drool. Already figured out what we would get. Best fried rice ever! So many dishes try and none were disappointing. Beautifully presented. Live on the Big Island now...and I can't wait to return to the bay area to eat here again!
Definitely a fun and unique eating experience! As everyone's stated, food is tapas portions and served dim sum style, but you can order things off the menu in addition. I'd recommend getting a reservation in advance (they open up two months prior via Yelp). Most of the tables in there are for four, with a few tables for two and spots at the bar. If you can get four people to eat with, that kind of seems like the "magic number" so you can get a table quicker (more availability) AND taste several dishes without getting too full. I'd also recommend sitting on the cork board wall (if you have the choice), because it seems like those tables get offered the provisions first since it's right by the kitchen exit. We had several dishes and it seems like the provisions change often, but I loved the hedgehog mushroom toast, and the seafood "salsa." The garlic bread with burrata looked amazing but wasn't anything special. If you can get a reservation in advance or don't mind waiting for a while, this is definitely something you need to try at least once!
I admit it - I am one of those poor souls that stayed up until 1AM to secure a reservation online for a 9:30PM (late!) table of three.So of course, on the day of, we starved ourselves up until dinner time so that we could eat everything vegetarian off of the menu. It was so worth it. My favorite dishes were - farro spezzato w/ black trumpets & fontina- huckleberry beet & goat cheese- roasted squash and Gruyere pancakeEverything was so flavorful that my two dinner mates (who hate mushrooms) ate mushrooms. If that isn't enough proof, I don't know what is!I will be coming here again... even if it means taking another tortuous path for an online reservation :)
One of the best meals I've ever had. Great for people who are willing to pay a lot for the highest quality, in a place where jeans or a suit would be equally acceptable. The format is a bit unusual - basically dim sum format, except Western cuisine. That means like a normal restaurant you can order from the menu, but they also bring out trays of small specials that you can take right off the tray to eat.We had the sausage and pork loin from the menu, then didn't miss any of the dim sum- style trays, all of which were amazing.Probably not a spot I'd take my grandparents - it's definitely way more fun than it is formal. But is probably the first place I'd take a date, or a friend or two.
Everyone should go to State Bird Provisions at least once while living in or visiting SF. Not only is it some of the best food in the city, but it is a unique experience as well.This past saturday, the gf and I decided we would brave the walk in line and mentally prepared ourselves for the hours of waiting that it would undoubtedly entail. Having read numerous accounts of walk in experiences, we played it safe and left to catch the MUNI at 3:30. That's correct, we left 2 full hours ahead of opening time at 5:30. We were glad we did because even getting there at 4pm, there was still someone already waiting there, camped out with a fold out chair and a book. He apparently came 20 minutes earlier. By 4:30, the line was already 20+ people long and by the time the restaurant opened there must have been at least 50 people behind us. All of this for the 10 available walk in seats that State Bird reserves for those of us without reservations.Given that we were #2 in line, we were seated quickly at what I consider the best seats in the house at the end of the counter next to the area where the food trays come out. These seats overlooked all of the kitchen and gave a great view of all of the food being prepared. I highly recommend trying to get these seats not only because it gives the best view, but also because you get first crack at almost every dish that comes out.Which leads me to the next great part of State Bird which is the Dim Sum style American tapas experience. There is a fairly permanent menu consisting of their more well known dishes such as the State Bird, but there are also all types of dishes which change daily that are carried around on trays and carts for you to take or leave as you see fit. Everything was delicious here so I won't go through each dish because each would surely score a 4 or 5. I will point out my personal favorites which I felt stood out more than any others.The dumplings - If they have any sort of dumplings, don't even think twice, just get it. Ours were filled with Guinea Hen and had a delicious soup base with a perfect sear on them.Duck Liver Pate - Silky and tasty, this just melted in your mouth.State Bird - You can't come to State Bird and not get the State Bird. Ours came with cheese slices and onions and it was fantastic. There's a reason it makes the top 100 list year after year.Various Toasts - These were probably my favorite dishes of the evening. We tried both the hedgehog mushroom and the steak tartare and they were simply amazing. Get these.Overall, everything we ordered was great, including the desserts. I can't recommend this place enough, but definitely have a strategy in coming to this place whether it is the much coveted reservation of some ambitious walk in plan. It will be packed full every night of the year because for what it is, which is an incredibly unique dining experience, it is "as good as it gets."
Obviously I have been dying to come here forever, so when my friend was in town and got us in for a Friday night dinner, I was beyond excited. I think perhaps I ruined the experience for myself with high expectations, because everything we ordered fell a little flat. Don't get me wrong - it's tasty and there's nothing inherently wrong with anything, but at the same time, there's nothing absolutely out-of-this-world amazing that would make me scramble for another reservation.We got almost everything they had to offer that evening via dim sum style, plus a couple items off the menu, and literally every single dessert:Smoked trout potato croquettes - Sweet sausage with greek yogurt sauceAhi tuna with an olive emulsionMushroom toastDashi potatoes with seafood salad and quinoaOystersThe state bird provisionBurrata and garlic bread knotShiitake dumplingsCumin lambCrispy pork belly with citrus and saladShiitake with meyer lemonKung pao sweetbreadsBeef tonguePastrami and tongue pancakeOctopusDuck liver moussePersimmon in sesame oilYuzu ice cream sandwichesMatcha vanilla tapiocaPeanut milkDried fruit hand pieChocolate brownieThe only thing that was delicious enough to crave more was the mushroom toast and the state bird provision, which is thankfully their namesake dish. The dashi potatoes with seafood and quinoa was the surprise winner of the evening though. Everything else was not super impressive, with a few of the dishes leaving us questioning why they chose to combine those specific flavors (persimmon with sesame oil; extra sweet duck liver mousse for example).Anyway, I think that this is one of those restaurants that everyone who is interested in trying should absolutely go and try for themselves. I, however, feel as though I have tried pretty much everything there and don't need to go back.
Let me just get a couple of major points AND annoyances out of the way first:1. This is seriously one of the best restaurants and dining experiences I have ever had (don't expect cushiness and comfort but just HELLA GOOD FOOD. What you've heard is true, and the Michelin star is incredibly well earned.2. There were still some misses. This wasn't perfection. The hits were such hits that I'm overlooking those. Also, they seem to be right in the midst of a price hike, as menu items IDENTICAL to ones listed on their CURRENT website were already higher when we went. And paying $20 for some squash mochi is really pushing it folks.3. It's crazy loud in here, and it's basically impossible to get a reservation, even two months in advance, for anything other than 5:30 and 9:30. I'm so annoyed by this fact that it's the reason it took me nearly four years to finally COME here.Thus it's possible I may lose all my foodie cred simply from this admission that I finally came here for the first time. But now that I have, it has made its way into my Top Five, along with everywhere else that is impossible to get into.So, based on the facts above, it's not for everyone. Don't bring your aging parents who will complain about the noise or lack of comfortable seating. Bring your friends who LOVE creative food. Oh yes, and one more very importantTIP: No matter how hungry you are, wait to order until after several of the carts have gone past. We made the rookie mistake, especially as a pescetarian and vegetarian, of grabbing some okay-to-eat items before some way better options came by later when we were full. Just trust that awesomeness is going around. And if you miss it the first time, it will come back around.Here's what we had:SOURDOUGH KIMCHI PANCAKE: It's actually exactly what you would expect from reading the ingredients. It's wonderfully creative, savory, umami, etc. while being texturally interesting, and it's super unlike anything else you've ever had. It's also TINY and $5.CHANTERELLE MUSHROOM TOAST: Basically, far better than you can possibly imagine, so much so that you don't care that it's $4 for three bites. We ordered a second. It's a burst of savory-umami goodness, where ALL the flavors pop at once, and it is divinely rich. The seedy-rye, thin, crispy toast is a perfect contrast to the chopped mushroom topping.KABOCHA SQUASH MOCHI W BRUSSELS SPROUTS, OATS, and TRUFFLE: Seriously. We ATE this. Another super-creative bomb of WHAT is on my plate and WHY and wow does this work nicely. $20 a bit steep for it, when the website says $18. I think they just increased some prices.The above items, plus the ice cream sando dessert, were from the menu. Here's what we grabbed from carts:FRY BREAD TOPPED w FRESH BURRATA: As good as it sounds like it will be. VERY peppery, as if the fry bread were rolled in white pepper, plus the burrata was topped with a peppery oil. I love pepper, so this was fine, but my partner was a bit thrown. It was a simple, rich, satisfying, filling dish that delivered what it looked like it would.POTATO-TROUT CROQUETTES w black trumpet ranch: This was my regret. I thought they were fried balls of nothing special, and they just tasted "funny"--like the fry oil was rancid, even though I sincerely doubt it was. I was really disappointed, so I missed eating two other carted items from being too full that would have been better: salt-baked celery root and a CRAZY dish of potatoes in dashi broth with a grain topping and a mushroom-shellfish "salsa" topping. Again, heed my advice, and don't grab the first carted thing that looks good.VEGETABLE CRUDITE: Some half pieces of carrots, radishes, etc. on a plate with sunflower-lentil "hummus." Not at all interesting. Nice shout-out for vegans, but vegans shouldn't be eating here anyway. Would have been better to have a wacky salad with all the yummy herbaceous flavors on the pork belly dish. This was a waste for us. We should have held out for the celery root.GRILLED SHIITAKE w MEYER LEMON KOSHO: Good. Really good. My sweetie chose this one, and it was a pleasant surprise for me.We made our way through some wine and beer selections as well as a house-made soda (grape and pink peppercorn, which was more mild than I expected--more pepper would make it more interesting).I thought about rating 4 stars because of our misses and the serious annoyances with the reservation system (clearly people's bots and apps get to them instead of humans), but the service was so good and the foodie experience so overall good that I can't. 5.
I'm coming up on one-year of SF living and during this time, State Bird Provision was the most overrated meal I've had. With old(er) age comes earlier bedtimes. The one time I was actually awake past midnight, I made sure to make to snag a reservation for State Bird Provision. When the day finally came weeks after I made the reservation, it happened to coincide with a Yelp Elite event. I was so torn: I wanted to go to meet the other Elites but I also wanted to save enough space to eat all of the treats during dinner. It turned out to be my good fortune that I was already half full from the Yelp event because State Bird serves some of the smallest portions I've ever seen at very high prices.When it comes to money, I actually do not mind paying more for a memorable experience. My three dining companions and I all felt let down by our meal. Even THE State Bird Provisions itself was simply well-cooked poultry. Honestly, there was not a single dish that was memorable. Maybe it's because I'm Chinese and "dim sum" is not a foreign concept to me.There are many better restaurants in SF; I really don't understand the hype.
I really enjoyed my meal here at State Bird Provisions.My boyfriend was able to snag a reservation (2 months in advanced of course) at 5:30pm for 4 people. The night of we were only a party of 2 and came in at almost 6pm! (There was lots of traffic for Cherry Blossom fest.) Understandably, they couldn't hold our reservation for more than 15 minutes, but luckily the nice host was able to get us in at 8pm the same night. We came back (on time) and that's when our meal got started. We were seated at the bar area, right next to where the food comes out before it's served - one of the best spots in my opinion since we got first dibs on everything ;). We had such a nice, sweet server (I wish I knew her name!) who guided us through the process of ordering from the menu as well as selecting the provisions. For those who do not know, the provisions are the "dim sum" styled tapas that they carry/cart around to your table.My boyfriend and I only ordered a few things from the menu - 1. Beef tongue & horseradish-buckwheat pancake ($5)2. 1/2 CA State Bird ($9)Then we waited for the provisions to come around to select. From what I can remember, we tried the following - 1. Hog island oyster, spicy kohlrabi kraut & sesame ($3)2. Guinea Hen Dumpling with aromatic broth ($3)3. Garlic Bread with Burrata ($8)4. Snack Pork with apple mostarda ($8)5. Smoked Trout-Avocado 'Chip & Dip' ($9)6. Extra Chips ($2)7. Asparagus Dish ($7)8. Egg pudding with pork belly and hot sauceMy favorites were the Smoked Trout-Avocado Chip and Dip and the CA State Bird. We were also recommended a nice refreshing drink to go along with our meal. I don't remember what it was called though.We were so full by the end of the meal that we decided against ordering dessert. However, the friendly server brought us two of the "World Peace' Peanut Muscovado Milk Shots. They were so delicious and not what I expected at all. It kind of reminds me of a nice, luke warm, Reese's Puff flavored milk.With tax and tip, our meal turned out to be around $100 for the both of us. Not bad for everything that we were able to try and for the extremely good service we got. I'll be back the next time I can make a reservation!
Finally came here the other night with a girlfriend and was so excited! Since the door was unmarked, we almost accidentally went to The Progress next door (lol). Which is also good and owned by the same people. Overall, there were some interesting plates, but a lot of the items were overly salty, and some were mediocre and not worth getting.GET THESE:duck liver mousse with almond biscuit (6) -- probably my favorite dish of the night. The mousse is so rich and decadent and flavorful, and goes perfectly with the warm biscuits. I wish they gave you more than 6 biscuits, because there was way too much mousse. instagram.com/p/2FsSv6TZguinea hen dumpling with aromatic broth (3) -- dumplings were good but the broth is where it's at. A little gingery and very delicious. I cleaned out the whole thing.red trout, mandarin, hazelnut-garum vinaigrette (11/22) -- the trout was super tender.potato, shellfish & pickled seaweed porridge (8) -- this was good! Kind of like a seafood potato salad with crispy grains on top, so this was fun to eat.ONE AND DONE (good to try):smoked trout parfait with uni slaw (10) -- this was interesting. It's like trout gelatin with apple slaw on top. I was disappointed by the lack of uni flavor (couldn't taste any at all), and the gelatin got a little weird, but it's interesting to try.hedgehog mushroom toast (3/piece) -- this was really rich and tasted good, but was pretty much drenched in butter. So I wasn't the biggest fan.SKIP THESE:pork belly citrus salad (12) -- this was okay. The pork belly didn't have that crisped crust / hot melt-in-your-mouth buttery fat to it. And this was way too salty.grilled beef with maitake, brussels sprouts & umeboshi vinaigrette (20) -- this was probably the most disappointing dish of the night. Literally just lukewarm stir-fried beef.hog island oyster, spicy kohlrabi kraut & sesame (3) -- these were good, but I always like oysters. Nothing amazing.TIP: So if you don't want to make a reservation two months in advance, and don't mind eating a late dinner, just go there when they open to put your name down. I live across the street, so I just put our names down around 6 and we were seated around 9. We left to just hang out and grabbed a beer and some food at Fat Angel so that we wouldn't pass out.
Really, this place is nothing more than a hipster self-pleasuring palace. In every way possible it is an insulting rip-off. The food may be good, and I think a couple were kinda good, but it's hard to tell when the portion you are served is about one tablespoon. And I'm not exaggerating in the least.So, within twenty minutes of sitting down we had been served a number of one and two tablespoon servings of several things by the dim sum style servers and racked up about $120 in charges. But, we didn't feel we had anything like a meal. So we ordered a couple of things from the kitchen and thought they might help out with the hunger. Wait, wait, wait. A half-hour later we asked about our food and were told it was ready to serve and our waiter was getting it. Wait, wait, wait. Fifteen more minutes and we go through the same lie. Wait, wait, wait--it's now an hour later and we are told they're just getting ready to start in cooking our entrees. Forget it, we're out of here never to return.One more point about the food. If you really like the taste of salt and black pepper then this is the place for you. Way to heavy a hand in the kitchen here. Very amateurish. I'm not saying you can do better at a hundred places in the City. I'm saying stay away at all costs unless it is just really important to you to say you've eaten at a "hot" place. And in that case, my condolences.
I think everyone knows this place rocks. I really enjoyed the quaint, eccentric atmosphere and the dim sum style. I am a fan of family stule meals and this is the perfect place for it.Also, so so cool to be able to watch the chefs prepare everything at the kitchen. I would love to sit at the kitchen bar next time just so I could watch. But, if you wait outside in line you can see in the window and be perplexed by their craft. The style of eating is different and cool. The menu changes throughout the evening depending on what they bought that morning and what time you are there...so you never know what you might get on the carts wheeling around the place.There is a more formal menu too though so you have a few staples you can count on like the state bird of course. Which is really delicious. I also loved the deep fried sourdough with burrata (who wouldn't) and the fresh peaches with creme fraiche. Really everything we had was great. Although the sweetbreads were too salty for my taste. This is obviously an expensive spot so come prepared. And if you don't have a reservation you will wait for quite a while.Definietly worth trying out!
The hype is real. We got lucky with no lines, so the host was able to reserve a table for us at 730, instead of making us wait in line for 1+ hours. The food is superb, with so many perfectly delicious dishes, all very different in flavors. Best number of people to go with is a total of 4, as most dishes come with one or 4 pieces. If they have it that night (usually only for the early rounds), grab the black cod collar, which is incredible. Do check your bill as sometimes they can confuse the tables (we got charged accidentally for a bottle that we didn't order). Service was amazing, very knowledgeable, and really helpful with allergies. Will definitely be coming back, perhaps in a year when the line is short again.
First off, you have to be ON TOP OF THE GAME to get a reservation at this place. I'm talking 60 days in advance. We were fortunate to have a 7pm reservation for a party of five. Make sure to get there on time, the place doesn't have a sign from the street so it was a bit obscure to find. Table was ready for us even when we got there early. The decor inside was very unique. Boar's head, peg boards everywhere, and plastics rock climbing looking pieces on the back wall. Noise level was quite high, you definitely have to speak louder if you want to communicate with your table. What was most unique about this place was the style of food preparation and delivery. Being Cantonese, I'm used to flagging ladies down on dim sum carts or shoo-ing them away. The staff here were so incredibly friendly and came by our table with their trays or carts. First time seeing a western-style restaurant serve this way. We tried almost everything they gave us. Everything from duck liver mousse to beef tongue pancakes, which I HIGHLY recommend the latter. Everything tastes fresh and flavorful. The best dinner I've had by far this year. Rich flavors and great vibes. Will definitely come back when I can get a table.
The seats are so hard to get. You have to wait for your food to come...but BEST QUAIL EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! the CA state bird with provisions was amaaaaaaaaaaazing. Best bird i've ever eaten. hands down. The quail was fried. it was perfectly crisp and breaded just the right amount, but it was the sweet herbed onion relish with flakes of cheese...omg...like omg....when eating together. EXPLOSION!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! try it. try try try it.the mushroom toast was buttery and satisfyingthe trout was fresh and deliciousThe steak tartar w/ uni came out at the end and we didn't get to try it!the oysters...eh, it was interesting, but one is enoughThe persimmon dish was weird. It was covered in sesame oil. I guess it workedI got the pate with almond bisuit. yum. I wish it was something more crunchy than the little bites of almond bread though. also, they were too buttery to match with the richness of the pate.BUT OMG THE BIRD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! THE BIRD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! GET THE BIRD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I mean, what is there to say about State Bird that hasn't already already been said, right? I finally successfully made my way to State Bird this year (although I have tried a couple of times without reservations) when my fellow foodie cousin visited me in San Francisco.Line: Got there at 4:10 (there were already several groups lined up!) and debated with my cousin on whether we would make first seating at 5:30. Since the restaurant had expanded, we thought there might be a chance, and indeed we did get seated. We also toyed with the idea of choosing the second seating since State Bird does take your number and will text you when your table is ready.Service: We chose the chef's table at the counter (highly highly recommend). The chefs are really friendly, you are right in the middle of all the action in the kitchen, and they are really happy to make recommendations for you, when they're not too busy. The service in general is friendly, but not too in your face, and overall it's a really fun, buzzy, social environment.Food: There are two ways to eat- there are actual dim sum style carts that people wheel around with various bites, around 10-15 different types of appetizers. You can pick them and they'll make a note in your menu card for price and amount. I really enjoyed this take since you can pace yourself and see what other people get. You can also order a la carte directly from the waiters or the chefs for the food that's listed in the menu. I really recommend their seasonal pancakes, which were super yummy, the "State Bird" quail, and the desserts. Between 2 people the bill ran about $150 with tip, which really isn't bad at all considering that we split about 16 dishes. In a city like SF, it's practically a bargain! Food is great, experience is fun, and I would definitely come back to brave the line again.
State Bird Provisions is a restaurant so hyped that like The French Laundry, people schedule trips to the Bay Area around their dinner reservations. After finally getting an opportunity to eat here with my beloved dining partner, is it worth the hype? Hell to the YES! I had my eye on SBP long before my internship started, but I also knew how hard it would be to secure reservations due to some rather clever people and their code. Even if I was online at exactly midnight there would be *no* guarantee that I would get my ideal time, especially on a Friday evening. Knowing that the restaurant saves a third of their spots for walk-ins, the No1DP and I coordinated to meet at the restaurant at 4pm. Three people were in front of us (8 people total) but the No1DP and I were able to be seated come 5:30. Plus with the foodies waiting in line with us the wait didn't seem too bad as it was filled with great conversation. Being a huge proponent of making reservations, this is the only time where it's just less of a hassle to wait in line the day you want to go. If you don't get seated right away (or want a later time) you can always ask the host upon entering.VENUE/SERVICE: The No1DP and I lucked out. We managed to secure a spot at the chef's counter that's perpendicular to where the chefs actually cook. Though it's not the best spot to watch and interact with the chefs, what more than made up for this was that we had our own personal waitress *and* bartender and that our seat was towards the back of the restaurant so there wouldn't be much traffic of people going in and out of the restaurant. Becca was one of the greatest waiters I've ever seen and we had so much fun talking to her as she poured our wines. She also made good wine suggestions as she observed what dishes were were ordering from the carts and menu.CONCEPT: It's hard to put this in a category as the restaurant is so unique... It's Japanese-inspired American small dishes served dim-sum style. Even this sentence doesn't do this place justice as it's one of the few restaurants that you just have to go see for yourself. PROVISIONS: The first part of the meal the dim sum carts will come around and you can "choose your own adventure". Prices are served in these cute wooden signs next to the dishes. After making your selection staff would then place a tick mark on the appropriate price point. All provisions are listed $3-$12. You can't go wrong with any choices here as most dishes here were executed perfectly and/or tasted so delicious. Hog island oyster, spicy kohlrabi kraut & sesame ($3)Guinea hen dumpling with aromatic broth ($3)Fuyu persimmon with kinako ($4)Quinoa-cauliflower 'tabouleh' with local nori ($6)Pork belly citrus salad ($12)Shrimp & potato 'okonomiyaki' ($7)Garlic bread with burrata ($8)Tuna conserva 'chip & dip' ($8)Smoked trout parfait with uni slaw ($10)Duck confit (forgot price)This is what the No1DP and I got for provisions. If dining for only two half portions are offered on some items. As the provisions change frequently I won't even bother commenting on every dish but overall I think we chose the right dishes. Standouts include the dumpling (the chicken had the consistency of braised beef, No1DP and I asked for seconds), pork belly (so soft and tender!), trout parfait (good amount of smoked trout and light on the uni) and the "okonomiyaki" (a hot and fluffy potato with a delicious shrimp 'slaw'). Though my least favorite was the tuna dip, the only reason why this is so is because this was the most average dish and tasted like any other cooked tuna. A restaurant got two happy diners if we considered the worst dish only "average". The second part of the meal consists of ordering things from the menu. These are the more "permanent" offerings. Ask a staff member and they'll bring it to your table. It is suggested to order at the minimum one from each category. PANCAKES & TOAST: Get one of each.Roasted squash & gruyre whole-grain pancake ($3/piece). Fluffy pancake that had an equal amount of squash and batter.Steak tartare sunchoke toast ($4/piece). Toast was crunchy and somewhat bitter but held together the steak. COMMANDABLES: One of these should be the state bird (on the 7x7 "Big Eat" list)CA state bird with provisions ($9/half order). Deep fried (like the duck confit) but not heavy. LOVE the sauce underneath the quail.Dungeness crab kimchi yuba with smoked egg bottarga ($26). Very eggy noodles and had a strong ginger flavor. DESSERTS: Get ice cream sandwich or milk.Szechuan pepper 'ice cream' sandwich, chocolate beer coulis, cashews ($8). Spice level is mild and has a good amount of chocolate, ice cream and cashews. The candied ginger makes this more tart.As of this writing this is my favorite restaurant in SF and one of my top three foodie experiences (#1 is French Laundry, #3 is Lazy Bear for comparison).
A delightful experience, and tasty food. Love the selections and the fun of ordering, which was similar to dim sum. Worth the hype!
One of the coolest eating experiences ever. We were lucky and got seated right away with no reservation at the bar. Got to see the chefs up close and personal working on delicate dishes. Dim Sum style is brilliant, allows you to try multiple dishes. Every dish was beautifully presented and had complex flavors. Tip:Try everything
Wonderful and interesting dining experience! First the reservation process. You have to book two months in advance to make sure you get a reservation. I had to go on the website exactly at midnight and even then, most of the times were already taken so I had to settle for an early 5:30pm booking. If you want to try to walk in, you better get there early. I've never seen a line so long for a restaurant. There were 50+ people in line 30 minutes before opening and this place is really small too. The concept is American tapas or dim sum. People push carts around and mark those items off on your list. They also have other staple items that are always on the menu for you to order, but you should probably try the tapas since those change frequently and they run out of stuff. I missed out on a few dishes. There was so much stuff that was going around that I wouldn't be able to describe everything to you. I do remember the guinea hen dumpling, the Japanese chawanmushi, the duck fried rice, and the Sichuan ice cream sandwich. The dumpling tasted perfectly Asian and the broth was delicious. The chawanmushi was my husband's favorite. It was like a spicy tofu in a cup. The duck fried rice is a everyday menu item. Perfect for sharing or when you need a little heartier entree. The ice cream sandwich was the biggest surprise. I didn't know what to expect with hot peppers in ice cream, but it was really good. The aftertaste had a little bit of the chili flavor, but nothing too overwhelming. So good and creative!I would recommend this place for a fun occasion. It's a little pricey for the small dishes and not necessarily the most romantic place, but it's fun to see what come chugging down the lane.
Everybody raves about this place and wants to diner here. When my friend got reservation, I was like, sure why not, this foodie needs to check it off her list;) We did a prixe fixe menu. The restaurant was nice to attempt prepare a menu (my friend called in advance) that met all of our dietary restaurants, or as much as possible as they could so they claimed. I give them some credit for that. Ok, on to the food. The small plates started coming out, I thought we would be starving at how small the plates were compared to the eight of us sharing the dishes. Yet, by the end of the meal, I could barley eat the desserts, lol! Verdict, food was really good. Service was alright, could have followed up more and had one point person, as different people kept coming and we didn't know who was who! Hence, we had to keep flagging someone down for more water and ordering drinks, which was a disappointment, especially when it took longer than it should to get the water/drinks after we requested/ordered. Ultimately, would I come back? With all the other amazing restaurants in SF, most likely not. Although the food was good, it didn't blow my mind. Was it a good experience, that if you are a foodie, you should check off your list, and oh...you have the money (meal ended up being about $150 for each of us!)? Sure why not. Salude. Enjoy.
First of all, beg, borrow or steal your way into a reservation. Someway, somehow. This place is just that good. And when you do go, make sure you're at least with one other person and maybe even more. You'll want to try EVERYTHING and the more people to share it, the more dishes you'll be able to fit into your stomach.We got to sit at the chef's counter, and as a current pastry school student, this was a dream come true. I loved watching everyone work. They lead quite a dance there and it flows seamlessly. I was able to chat with one of the owners, Stuart, the new chef de cuisine, Kevin, and many others. Service was incomparable. Friendly, outgoing, and helpful staff all around.Initially, we chose a few items from the rolling carts and trays that passed us by. The veggie crudite, the tuna dip with housemade potato chips, and the guinea hen wonton were all delicious. My friend loved the pork "snacklins" although I thought they were just fine. Not bad by any means, but she had much more of a love affair than I did. The burrata-topped doughnut (savory, not sweet) was good, but also not as great as I wanted it to be.Please keep in mind that while not every item was a "home run," they still beat many other restaurants' dishes.From the official menu, we ordered the State Bird (fried quail with lemony caramelized onions) and the Red Trout with Hazelnut vinaigrette. Both amazing! The trout was possibly the best fish dish I've ever had. Flavorful, sweet, acidic, supple...just wonderful. And fried bird....so good!Back to the roving food, we had an amazing pork belly dish and I loved loved the broccoli raab with spicy aioli, although my friend wasn't that big a fan. (More for me!) We ended with a final item ordered off the Commandables (main dishes) list: the bacon-curry fried beef sweetbreads. Wow wow wow. Being in the pastry chef circle ended up meaning that we got to try all five desserts. (They call it the dessert circus.) Each one was a delight, although my favorites were the peanut muscavado milk (like drinking the cereal milk left in the bowl of Reese's Puffs), the ice cream sandwich (with macaron-textured cookies as the "bread"), and the parfait. But the corn custard and blood orange granita were awesome too. I would have been happy having any of them again.All in all, a wonderful night and I need to figure out how to get in there again. But first, I'm heading to The Progress. :)
I honestly can't believe how ridiculously crazy the city of San Francisco is about their dining...and especially State Bird Provisions. I miss hitting the website 60 days before at 12 AM and get there at 12:08 AM instead...and the only reservation left is 10:30 PM. Better than nothing though right? Damn near impossible to get a reservation here at all in the first place.Before I hit the food, I have to remark on the ambiance of the restaurant. Because it's a Michelin star restaurant, I expected a fairly stuffy atmosphere. But instead it was one of the most comfortable dining experiences I've ever had. Love how the restaurant was well-lit so I wasn't struggling to see what I was eating or the people across the table, that the tables themselves were spaced out well so that we didn't feel super cramped, and that it was very conducive to having moderately loud conversations. I'm at a restaurant, not a library...I want to be comfortable where I'm eating!Now the food. Love the idea of American tapas/dim sum/whatever you want to call it. Ordered 14 dishes (hey, four people is a lot!). There's two menus: the everyday provisions, where you order off the standard menu, and the daily menu, where they bring around dishes on trays for you to order a la carte. The highlights for me were (1) the maitake and duck fried rice a la plancha, (2) the red trout with mandarin and hazelnut-garm vinaigrette, (3) duck liver mousse with almond biscuit, (4) potato, shellfish and pickled seaweed porridge, and (5) snacking pork with apple mostarda. Every dish was so fresh and had a unique flavor that made it stand out.I was pretty shocked that it turned out to be $55/person after all that. For a Michelin star restaurant, this place is really affordable. Like my friend said, "Can we do this again? Immediately."
We came back expecting the same wow experience we had the first time we went and were disappointed to discover that the palate had changed for the worst. Even the pork belly changed. It wasn't crispy and succulent and oh so delicious. Now it was covered with citrus fruit and sauce and some greens. With something so delectable, it should be allowed to stand on its own, people!!Except for the kim chee fried rice, every dish was unmemorable, not good when the bill came out to $166 for two.
If I were to have one word to describe this restaurant it would be: unique.Coming here was definitely a unique experience. Everything from the way the food is served partially dim sum style- to the actual taste of the food is unique.I actually loved the dim sum style and it was really helpful that the food wasn't outrageously priced. We ended up ordered or picking way more than we could eat but in the end for two people we spent less $100 (we didn't get any drinks though).The food was also---different. It was delicious in a non conventional way but still made me think- wow I have never tasted anything like this. Truthfully- last time I felt this way was when I went to Saison. So here you get your $$$ worth.
Believe the hype. This place is pretty freaking good. A friend and I lucked out on a Monday night--we arrived around 8:30 pm and were able to get seated just around 8:45pm at the chef's counter. We're both foodies and have obv heard all about SBP's many accolades and were very much afraid that it was all exaggeration. Nope. This place is awesome.Brief primer--fine dining dim sum style but the dishes are nothing like what you would expect from a typical dim sum gig. They have an a la carte menu which is what we mostly ordered from and then about 1 dishes that come around in trays and carts. We got: steak tartare sunchoke toast, beef tongue & horseradish buckwheat pancake, CA state bird with provisions, maitake & duck fried rice a la plancha, buckwheat bao carrot sunflower halva cloud cream, white chocolate pistachio parfait, and cocoa nib-rose ice cream sandwich from the a la carte and then got the oysters, garlic bread with burrata, quinoa-cauliflower with nori, and smoked trout parfait.The winners:Duck fried rice: YUM. Thank god this is an a la carte menu because this was hands down my favorite dish. Just really well done, super flavorful, duck was really good.Cauliflower: I can't even describe this properly--it was basically mashed cauliflower with seaweed aioli and flakes which was so good, see pictures for what it was. Not sure what I was eating, but man was it goodBuckwheat bao--all the desserts were great, but this one was my favorite. Break the bao in half and scoop the halva into its hollow interior and you've got yourself a delicious tasting dish.I don't want to write a loser section because all the dishes were really, really great. Everything was super unique and well prepared. The above three were my what I would absolutely order if I were to go again, but everything was good. The state bird was quite good--a lot of people seem to think that it's overhyped but I thought it was breaded just enough and the meat itself was very tender and juicy. The onion garnish works really well and adds a bunch of great flavor to the meat as well. The only dish I wouldn't order again was the steak tartare--the tartare was so amazingly smooth--it literally tasted like meat butter. I wanted a bit more toughness to my meat which is why I didn't like it that much since I wanted something to actually chew. Service here is wonderful. Everyone is super friendly and attentive to needs. It can actually be a really overwhelming experience since all this food just suddenly comes to you and you're like oh crap now I have to eat all of this. But it's just such a wonderful culinary journey. My favorite thing about this meal was that despite how many dishes we got, I was just perfectly full--didn't feel bloated at all. Everything oddly enough was very light and just very refined. Love it.Final price came out to be $65 post tip, but given that we ordered 11 dishes... I consider that to be a pretty solid win. tldr; the best meal I've had in awhile... super innovative and delicious can't wait to come back!! and certainly a must try. you're better off trying to come in late on a weekday rather than doing the 4pm line.
State Bird - you were awesome. Came just the other night and was absolutely delighted by the whole experience. Showed up at 5:30 without a reservation and got my name in for 7:30 so boyfriend and I got cocktails and chilled at The Progress.At first when we were sat (promptly) at 7:30 we were a little disappointed to have gotten counter space instead of a table. BUT - we had the most wonderful time sitting at the two-top raw bar! In addition to having attentive service always close by, we got front row seats to food preparation and first choice for most of the dim sum! We also shared tons of laughs with the awesome guy behind the raw bar, Josh! Definitely recommend ordering some stuff (like the trout and quail) off of the menu. And as somebody else here on Yelp said - grab any small plate that looks even slightly good to you!
Very expensive tapas, very delicious. I didn't expect it to live up to the hype, but it was, indeed, very very good! You will experience a wide variety of flavors and presentations (in tiny portions) - really good if you love trying many different things (of high quality). The downside is that you will either have to battle for reservations (way out into the future) or plan to arrive a couple of hours early to wait outside and hope for a table (best chances if you are a party of just 2). I can't imagine coming here that often, due to price and wait time, but it would be a great treat once in a while!
Is state bird good? Yes. Is it worth trying to get a reservation 2 months in advance online at midnight? No. Ambiance: THERE IS NO SIGN INDICATING THIS RESTAURANT IS STATE BIRD. Cool, quirky, hipster, lively with the staff walking around trying to "sell you" some dim sum. At least the prices of each item are nice and big so they don't surprise you with anything. Many of the "dim sum" items we ordered might not be offered when you go because they change frequently. I noticed, however, that they do tend to consistently offer some of their "staples. "The Do's of State Bird- Guinea hen dumping. By far my favorite dish. I could eat that broth for dayyyyys-Scotch egg- pretty filling. Soft egg surrounded by pork -Duck confit fried rice- off the menu -Burrata with garlic bread -Yuzu persimmons- I love yuzu and persimmons so creating a dish with both those flavors is going to be a win for me. The Maybe You Can Do Them's-State Bird (signature dish)- off the menu. Really small for what you get but good. Nothing spectacular though in my opinion. -Crab yuba (tofu skin) - off the menu. Something about this dish was just a little off. It has kim chee so I expected it to be a little vinegary but there was barely any crab flavor -Smoked trout gelee with uni foam- good but also kinda weird. Did not taste the uni at all The Don'ts -Pickled Vegetables- I think we ordered this as an attempt to incorporate more vegetables in our meal, but I wouldn't order these again -Peppered pork- salty -Ice cream sandwich- super overhyped. The pastry "sandwich" was kinda doughy and neither crispy nor flaky, which is how I like pastry to be For 4 people, the bill came out to about $65 per person. I think this is on the lower end of the spectrum, so definitely be prepared to pay more. This is a cool place to try once, but I'm not sure how often I'd want to go through the hassle of eating here, if ever again.
I wish I could say I loved it. For all the hype, I had high hopes for an outrageously delicious meal and it was flat.The smoked trout was the only dish that stood out. It was nicely prepared and flavorful. Everything else we ate was too muddled tasting. Too many competing flavors and textures so nothing really stood out. 3 dishes featured crunchy quinoa, 2 too many IMHO. I thought about all the other Michelin starred restaurant we've enjoyed in Chicago, NY, LA, Boston, DC,........This was just not on par with those meals. With 3 beers the bill came to $150.00 for 2 people. Too much for a Meh food experience in my opinion.That said the service and staff were great.
After failing several attempts to obtain an online reservation (which is usually snagged right at midnight two months in advance), my girlfriend and I resolved to lining up early on a random weekday for a walk-in. So on a cold, rainy Wednesday afternoon at 3:30pm (an hour and a half before opening), we were the third party in line. It's that serious! #FoodieProblemsBut the experience and the food was well worth the wait! We got seated right away at an isolated part of the bar which was set for two, where we could peek into the kitchen and look on as the chefs created their culinary masterpieces.Most of the dishes were served dim sum style, meaning that servers came around with trays of different dishes that you can say "yes" or "no" to. Our favorites from the "dim sum" menu included a deep fried snapper collar and a cold seafood, quinoa, seaweed, citrus salad that they called a "Japanese picnic." The snapper was crispy and one of the tastiest things we've ever tried. And the "Japanese picnic" was unlike anything we've ever eaten before--sweet and acidic from the citrus, slightly salty from the seaweed, with perfectly seasoned seafood and a refreshing crunch from the quinoa.Of course, our visit had to involve a taste of the "CA state bird with provisions"--breaded quail on a bed of shaved cheese and caramelized onions. I had never tried quail until this point. After trying it and finding out how delicious and juicy it is, I would certainly have it again, though I don't know if any other restaurant could possibly do it better than State Bird Provisions.Other notable dishes included the kimchi fried rice, the squash mochi with brussels sprouts, and of course, the pork belly (aka pork BAElly).The cost of dinner was surprisingly not as expensive as we would have thought. The quality of the food was definitely worth the price of admission.Also of note, the service was superb. You can really tell that the staff doesn't just care about the customers, but they also care about food that they serve. They have pre-opening staff meetings where the chefs and servers try the "dim sum" dishes for the day, which my girlfriend and I watched in envy during our hour and a half wait in line. During dinner, they kindly and politely answered any questions we had with the most comprehensive answers. But most of all, no one came off as pretentious which can often happen at higher-end foodie restaurants. As one server told us that night, "Don't be afraid to say no. You're going to have a lot of things coming your way tonight."We will certainly hope to have more State Bird Provisions coming our way again!
From the moment you walk in the front door you feel like you are already involved in the experience of State Bird Provisions (SBP). The host greeted me and was able to squeeze me in even though I didn't have a reservation, I have since heard this is rare and I'm lucky which I am that much more grateful for.The first gentleman that came to my table explained how the restaurant worked, asked me if I had any allergies or items I didn't care for, and that SBP was a dim-sum style of countless small options that go around and you decide which ones you would like as well as a seafood cart that wheels around from time to time; they hand you the food that you desire which is presented right in front of you. The chefs are in the open and you can see the preparation of the food you are about to consume. I ordered a beautiful syrah with a bite which held up to all of the incredible flavors that would soon be swirling on my palate. The first item that came to me was a wonderful mushroom that was in season, although the name escapes me, it was the perfect combination of flavors and textures and served with a light and airy whipped hollandaise. This is one of the best mushroom dishes I have come across.I also tried their well known smoked trout-avocado 'chip & dip' which surprised me as I am not normally a large fan of mixing a lot of flavors in my dips but this was a beautiful blend of flavors presented in what reminded me of a neapolitan display. The Asian cucumber with kinako & black sesame was placed on a light blanket of an amazing Asian inspired sesame sauce. The wild rice 'chop chop' with hazelnuts & sottocenere was a wonderful dish that if I were served at any other restaurant would be one of the top dishes there but I felt the other dishes at SBP completely stole the show in comparison to this one. The charred octopus with green peppercorn & tomato sauce was delightful, although it was a bit chewy by nature of octopus; just make sure you eat this one when you get it, I kept bouncing around to my other items and once it got cold it wasn't as appetizing to me. The pork belly citrus salad was quite possibly one of the best meat dishes I have ever consumed. The preparation of the pork belly was one I am not able to easily put in words, the outer skin was beautifully crisped up while the meat itself was exceptionally tender and and the juicy fat layer melded all of the flavors of the citrus and meat together in an outstanding marriage.The hog island oyster with spicy kohlrabi kraut & sesame was a surprising punch of heat rested on top of a creamy and meaty oyster.I asked the original gentleman that came by to suggest a dessert, as if I hadn't eaten enough by now, and he suggested the light and citrus-y lemon curd 'ice cream' sandwich served with coconut macaron, fennel, and apricot and paired this with a 'world peace' peanut muscovado milk shot. This was a perfect way to end my amazing sampling of this original and unique restaurant.The only problem I encountered was that every single item brought my way sounded and tasted to good not to finish which led me to over indulging by my own lack of being able to control myself with all the amazing options presented to me to no fault of the amazing staff and family at SBP. The staff took their time to explain items to me, answer questions, never made me feel rushed, and you can feel the pride and love that comes out of this place. I am sold and I will DEFINITELY be making a reservation for my next trip to San Francisco.
After waiting those 2 months for the day that I finally got to try State Bird, I will say I was NOT disappointed and neither was the bf! Originally I had planned to go here with my sister as a SF marathon celebratory dinner, but after 26 miles, I don't think anyone would want to get off the couch or ice bath for the rest of the day! Can you imagine my excitement...two months earlier I was sitting in front of a screen waiting for midnight to hit just to get some reservations--and voila--7:30pm for 2-- HOORAY! Anyway..on to the experience....be prepared, this will be long!!Service was impeccable! They were on point in every way, got us seated, explained how the restaurant operations worked (modeled after Chinese dim sum with carts and a menu), and were very attentive to cleaning off our table, taking orders, and giving us recommendations. DRINK:The bf and I got a bottle of sour ale on the drink menu to share. Immediately after the bottle was opened, it didn't seem like there was much carbonation but the bf and I took a sip and liked the taste, but didn't say anything. After about 5 minutes, a waiter checked in with us and noticed the lack of carbonation and actually got us a new bottle--it was perfect! WHAT WE GOT TO EAT:1) hog island oyster, spicy kohlrabi kraut & sesame : Although this was something a lot of yelpers seemed to rave about, we didn't feel like this was all that great. The kraut overpowered the oyster in our opinion...glad I tried it but wouldn't get it again2) guinea hen dumpling with aromatic broth: Comes with just 1 dumpling since these are provisions--really tasty, especially with the broth...was good, but wasn't one of our favorites3) guanciale chawanmushi:This was one of our favorites--my bf was in LOVE with this one...the savory chawanmushi was perfectly creamy, I felt like I could eat a ton of it and not get sick of it! Try this one out.4) pork belly pluot salad:This was another favorite...everything went so well together--slow cooked, fatty pork belly with the pluot and mint was really an explosion of different flavors, all binded together by some fish sauce mix...so good!!5) garlic bread with burrata:I LOVE burrata and from the reviews, I felt like I had to try this--so we got a server to bring one over to us! I think what makes this provision is the addition of the salt and pepper to really enhance the burrata-bread mix...loved how it was kinda melty from the garlic bread but still kinda cold so each bite was different. 6) wild king salmon tartare, cucumbers & yuzu kosho aoli:Yum!! I loved this one too--especially because they top the tartare with a quinoa mix with some kinda crunchy stuff in it.....I think that's what made the dish--the difference in texture! This was another one of my favorites. The tartare was really nicely seasoned and cucumber also added a good, fresh crunch to the dish. 7) PANCAKES: heirloom tomato cabot cheddar whole-grain pancake and beef tongue & horseradish-buckwheat pancake:The bf and I loved the pancakes!! Our favorite of the two that we got was the buckwheat beef tongue--holy moly we ordered more because we couldn't get enough! We decided to just get one of each at first, and split in half to see how we liked them (at our waiter's suggestion--smart thing to do!)...we were not disappointed. Chedder pancake was yummy with that perfect crunch on the outside and softness inside, but buckwheat-beef tongue was our winner...the buckwheat was earthy, crunchy, soft, and paired with the marrow topping and perfectly soft/tender tongue....we were in heaven with just that one bite T__T ( crying here, thinking of it)8) COMMANDABLE: CA State Bird with provisions:We got the smaller order, at our waiter's suggestion, and it was amazing. Came with 2 crunch parts of quail, and this amazing sauce...I can't even describe. Just try this. Please.9) DESSERT: coconut-shiso 'ice cream' sandwich, charentais melon, strawberries:O__O so good! SOOO good! What I liked the most about this dessert was the shiso that really added something different to a sweet dish...It comes in 4 pieces, and was displayed really beautifully as well...if you aren't full, you should try it!10) DESSERT: 'world peace' peanut muscovado milkBasically this was like melted peanut butter ice cream in a shot glass...I personally liked it but my bf thought it was too sweet for him...so I drank his :) OVERALL:Holy, this is one of my favorites in SF! I can't wait to go back here again and try more on the menu, and get some of my favorites again. Service is great. Try to get a reservation at midnight for 60 days in advance, or if you want, walk in and be prepared to wait 2 hours (in which case there are bars and other restaurants around you can wait at)! Totally worth it, in my opinion. The atmosphere is laid back, but very intimate...there were big parties, and then there were just parties of two. There were seats at the bar, and also sI'll definitely be back!
This place was freakin' awesome! I have to say this is probably one of the best places I've ever ate at. Some notable items:State bird provisions- fried quailmushroom toastSeafood salsaRabbit croquetsIce cream sandwichesSourdough with cheeseI obviously don't remember the dishes' specialty names, but you can probably just try about anything and be happy with it. I would love to come here again, but may be a while since reservations are so hard to get!
I have been waiting close to a year to get a reservation here and I finally lucked out with a late evening slot about two months ago. For two months I drooled thinking about this much raved about restaurant and finally last week we were able to sample what the commotion is all about. Let me tell you, it is VERY well deserved commotion. State Bird Provisions goes above and beyond to provide their diners with an amazing experience both through the service and through the cuisine. We were originally seated at a table that wasn't comfortable for us and they were very accommodating when we asked to switch to a different table. It worked out that there was another empty table for 4 right next to us, and we hadn't even been seated yet however, as I know they are booked 100% solid that was a large request, and they didn't hesitate to accommodate us based on our needs. They are a little different from your traditional dining in that you can order anything from the menu from any of the servers, however our main server Ivan was an absolute pleasure. He was very attentive and was extremely helpful when it came to explaining the ingredients in each dish (as each dish is quite intricate), and when recommending dishes on the menu based on our tastes. The food was absolutely incredible! As I said, we came as a party of four (all very hungry, practiced diners), and I would say we sampled close to 85% of the menu (I know, I know.... Don't judge). Everything was delicious and was consumed down to the last drop/bite. The way the menu functions is interesting and definitely non-traditional. They walk around with carts of goodies and small bites (like American food dim sum style) and you can also order dishes from their regular menu. We couldn't resist so we basically ordered everything with a few exceptions. Out of the dim sum items we ordered, the standouts were: the Guinea hen dumpling with aromatic broth, the persimmon with kinako & black sesame, the duck liver mousse with almond biscuit, the pork belly citrus salad, the garlic bread with burrata (so good we had to do a second round of these), and the grilled octopus with kampot peppercorn & tomato salsa (my dad said this is the best octopus he's ever had and he's an octopus fiend). From the regular menu, the standout items were the kabocha squash "mochi" with brussels sprouts, savory oats & black truffle, and of course the CA State Bird (CA quail) with provisions (melty quail fat onions and large shreds of Parmesan). Honestly this quail was UH-MAZING. Crispy crunchy on the outside and juicy tender on the inside, and the "provisions" on top make it that much tastier. In other words, you can't visit this place without ordering the namesake dish... Nuff' said. Although we were pretty full after the savory dishes, there is undoubtedly always room for dessert. They offer 4 different dessert items and a unique "peanut milk" served in shot form, so naturally we ordered all four desserts and a shot of milk each. The dessert standouts were the matcha granita with vanilla bean tapioca & shiso, and the yuzu ice cream sandwich with sesame macaron, kiwi & fennel. The shots of milk tasted like liquid snickers. Pretty much the perfect way to end a superb meal. Overall, everything we sampled was delicious but these are the items that definitely stood out as table favorites.If you are looking to sample a lot of things from their menu I would suggest coming with a larger group, but be aware that the bill can rack up very fast. The dim sum dishes are mostly bite size and won't serve more than 2 people, so you will have to order multiples of the same dish for the entire group to sample the dish (and this is where the bill will add up fast as some single items are as much as $9 each). As I mentioned before, we sampled about 85% of their entire menu which I understand is not typical for most people. I will admit that we spent a PRETTY PENNY on dinner and that was without alcohol. However we did order multiples of a lot of dishes. You are definitely paying for the quality of the items so I wouldn't say the menu is overpriced, I'm just advising that the bill can add up very quickly! The only con that I can think of is the amount of ice in the drinks. We ordered one of their signature peach ice teas and the drink came filled 75% with ice. At $5 (!) for an ice tea I would expect to receive at least half a cup of liquid and not mostly crushed ice. When we ordered an additional ice tea and requested less ice, it seems as though our request was disregarded and we received another cup full to the brim with ice and covered with ice tea. I understand this is a small detail but honestly in the long run, it would make the diner feel better about spending $5 for an ice tea if they actually were receiving the beverage and not just a bunch of ice. Otherwise our experience was absolutely lovely and memorable and I would not change another detail. Thank you to the SBP staff!
For a one Michelin star restaurant, SBP lives up to its hype. Reservations are extremely hard to get (60 days in advance), but you can also do walk-ins successfully. I went 45 minutes early on a normal Wednesday afternoon in order to get in line to put my name down for later (was expecting to come back and get in around 9pm). There was already a decently long line at 4:50 with around 10 tables worth of people waiting in line. We stayed till the restaurant opened at 5:30pm and actually managed to get a spot immediately without any reservations!The food is served dim sum style, where they bring you small plates or bowls of food (tapa style) around to your table in small food carts. On average, most of the dishes were around $8-10 and they were all EXTREMELY delicious!! SBP can be considered slightly inexpensive if compared to some other Michelin-rated restaurants in town - it should definitely be on your food list if you're in the Bay Area!
Very Disappointed! It's over price for those little small dishes! The only dishes we liked were the "Duck Liver Mousse w/ Almond Biscuit", " Pork Belly w/ Plums" & "CA State Bird w/ Provisions". The rest of the dishes tasted (just don't like it). The staffs were nice & friendly!!
I could not make a reservation because this popular restaurant was fully booked way in advance. To my relief, they reserve a number of tables for walk-in customers. When I arrived at 6:10pm, the restaurant was fully occupied ( it opens at 5:30pm), so went next door for tea and left my name and number on the waitlist. By 7:15pm, they informed me that my table was ready. Food:Raw oyster: the oyster would have been better without the fancy sauce they madeFried oyster: lukewarm and was not succulent enoughCA State bird: excellent execution. Crispy skin + juicy meatMixed clams, lobster, and squid topped with crispy quinoa: The crispy quinoa was a lovely touch, but the seafood a bit too salty/ fishyYuzu ice-cream sandwich: overrated. The "sandwich bread" was too sweet and stickyI will be back again to try out their garlic bread and duck mousse!
While there are many Michelin star restaurants to try in SF, Statebird is one of them. I guarantee this will probably be your cheapest Michelin experience too! I stayed up until 12am to get an open spot 60 days from the time of reserving. Luckily, I got a 5:30pm spot open and all I had to do was wait two months..Well that time finally came and we were ready to grub on every single dish! (well, maybe not all..) My boyfriend was stuck in traffic 40 minutes late and the servers were kind to still seat me despite not having my other guest there. Thank goodnesssss.We ordered the following:1. Duck liver mousse with almond biscuits2. Guinea hen dumpling with shiitake mushroom3. Garlic bread with burrata cheese - Cheese was subtle and bread was soft. Melted with the cheese.4. Seawater Oysters5. Potato Chips with ahi TUNA - AMAZING!6. Lamb Chinese sausage7. Hamachi trout - TO DIE FOR!!!!! 8. Pork belly with viet vinaigrette - overcooked and a bit dry9. Crispy snacking pork10. CA statebird with provision - tasted like fried chicken. Skin was crispy. 11. Shrimp salad topped with okonomiyaki12. Duck fried rice - NOMMMMI highly recommend everything with the exception of the pork belly because it was a little dry. All in all, it was a fabulous experience. Servers were very punny. One offered us "Beets By Dre", which were actual Beets. Hahah
Michelin star restaurant... Do they deserve it? Yes. Often Michelin stars can be won over by experience. This place is both good food and great experience. So the concept is, to order 3 dishes off the menu that are made to order and then they come around dimsum style with a variety of other dishes you can take on the spot and they mark it off on your clip board. Totally awesome concept.People like to see things for themselves before ordering.There is no picture menu. They bring the menu around to you!When you come to a place like this, you have to come with no expectations, other than you deserve decent service anywhere you go. But as for taste and flavor... There is nothing like this place. The chef has made up his/her own concotions. You have nothing to compare it to, because it's 100% original. If you've never tried something before, it will take your taste buds a little while to actually crave the food.The service was amazing here... The food was unique and original. I'll definitely be back to try more specials... No fifth star for me quite yet because nothing really grabbed me... Although their home made fig and lime soda was pretty close
First it is best make a reservation. We came by to get our name put on a waiting list. We were fitted in at 10:45 pm. They had my number to text me if anyone cancelled. Luckily we had time to kill and let me tell you it was worth it. We had the duck liver mousse, garlic knot bread with burrata, sbp quail ans pork belly with mint and plums to name a few. All were delicious! Well worth the wait. But I still suggest making reservations.
My first time to State Bird was almost exactly a year from this second time around. And both times were for the Alcove table (up to 8 people dinner party). I would give my first experience a 3-4 star rating. This second time, however, deserved a solid five-star review. The Alcove table is by far the best way to experience the best of State Bird without having to shell out too much of your life savings. If you can gather 7 of your friends (or strangers), you can get about 17 dishes for about $65 pp before tip, tax, and alcohol. One of my girl friends came to visit from NYC with her hubby about a couple months ago. They wanted to try the elusive State Bird so we snagged resies for the Alcove table. We arrived on time but the table was not quite ready due to some lingering patrons. State Bird was very hospitable and offered us drinks while we waited, which we graciously accepted. Soon after we were seated, a whirlwind of dishes began arriving. Although I can't remember every single dish, every dish was great and I'll name only the stand-out dishes that I can't forget. The Ahi Tuna Constructable & Nori Cracker was, as was the first time, amazing. Fresh tasting fish on top of a crispy seaweed cracker. It was light, flavorful, and makes me wish that nori chips is a thing. Garlic Bread & Burrata is a combination I should have known about earlier in life. The CA State Bird with Provisions is what State Bird is known for, and rightly so. Perfectly fried quail with enough juicy parts to make a girl who is indifferent about fried bird to become, well, different. Finally, the Bitter Almond 'Ice Cream' Sandwich, Pepita Macaron, Cocoa Coulis & Mint was a perfect way to end the meal. I cannot wait for another excuse to come back and I hope Ryan Gosling had just as much fun at this place as I did.
It's been a really long time since we've eaten here but the meal stands out as one of the best ones I've had in my life! Service was fantastic, the wine was fantastic, and most importantly, the food was fantastic. Fried quail, pickled wild mushrooms, lamb orzo, ALL were unbelievable. Would love to go again.
State Bird = hipster american dim sum. In short, that's how I describe it because they come by your table with small dishes and you pick the ones you want. Each item is priced differently, and you don't get people shouting and pushing you to get things. Instead, you get a friendly explanation of the dish and how much it is. Every time you take one, the server marks the area on your card for the item and so they can tally up the total cost. There are also a bunch of potentially larger dishes you can order separately. We got quite a few dishes but I only remember a few, in order from my favorite to least:Duck Liver Mousse - Never been a huge fan of liver, but this was delicious, especially spread on the tiny almond biscuit. We ran out of biscuits and our server noticed and brought us out more.Guinea Hen Dumpling - pretty delicious but note it's just one large dumpling in soupKimchee with Dungeness crab - much tastier than I expected! Ca state bird - equivalent of really good fried chicken to meOysters - you get 3, they weren't badSteak Tartare - kind of tasty, but it's hard to tell when you get such a TINY piece. Yeah, we probably could have ordered more than 1 to try... but it didn't make me clamor for moreSourdough ricotta pancake - i liked this but the pancake was bite sized so it became forgettable.Pork Belly - was just ok.For dessert, we got the peanut milk shots, chiffon cake, and the eggnog ice cream sandwich. The peanut milk shots were my favorite. The chiffon cake didn't stand out to me, and the eggnog ice cream sandwich was good, until you got to the center which was kind of sour/tart to me... it kind of ruined the whole thing.Apparently you have to make reservations way in advance - I was lucky in that my friend had a free spot and I joined at the last minute. I really don't think I'd have liked it if I'd waited months, but it was a fun experience for having zero expectations. I'd probably come back if someone else really wanted to, but it's a one-and-done place for me.
This place is legit. The service is super helpful and friendly. The food is spectacular. And the prices are reasonable. Best way to get in is with a small group, like 2-3 people. The line wasn't too bad on a random Wednesday night at open. Must haves are:-duck liver mousse with almond biscuit! $6-sourdough, sauerkraut, pecorino & ricotta pancake $3/piece-red trout with toasted hazelnut-mandarin-garum vinaigrette $11 or $22
State Bird Provisions has been one of those unique restaurants that piqued my interest the moment it opened, but the rumors about reservations being snatched up by engineers writing clever bots quickly dispelled any hope that I would ever secure a seat at the insanely popular fusion eatery. Luckily, my girlfriend's determination to take me there for my birthday dinner netted us a table, but only after an eventful hour-long wait on the mean sidewalks of the Western Addition.Given the choice of a table or bar seat, I would recommend that everybody opt for the bar. There are very compelling reasons to choose a seat overlooking the open kitchen. 1) Watching the skillful chef's preparing your dinner. 2) Getting the first (and freshest) shot at every dim sum-style dish. 3) Enjoying the personal, sushi bar experience of conversing with the chef.As a foodie, the chef's table is the only way to go so always opt for the bar if you can!As our first experience at State Bird, my girlfriend and I decided to sample every small dish that came out of the kitchen. Some of our favorites included the duck liver mousse with almond biscuits, fried green tomatoes, okonomiyaki-style potato fritters, roasted persimmons on shrimp salad, the hog island oyster, the Japanese egg custard, garlic bread with burrata cheese, crispy fried pork belly with citrus salad, and the roasted butterball potatoes poached in dash served with a watermelon relish, shellfish salsa and furikake. The eggnog ice cream sandwich and peanut muscovado milk were excellent desserts too, and I would definitely bottle the milk drink if I was State Bird's owners.Despite these outstanding dishes, there were two that absolutely blew my mind, and would consider almost life-changing. First, the beef tongue and horseradish-buckwheat pancake was absolutely heavenly. The bite simply melts in your mouth and the flavors are all very rich, but balanced. The cauliflower tabouli with seaweed aioli and local cartelized baked nori was by far my favorite dish and each bite mentally evoked images of my childhood and eating a dish similar in flavor that was prepared by my parents and grandparents. In fact, if you've ever seen Pixar's Ratatouille, it completely reminded me of the scene when Anton Ego took his first bite of the ratatouille dish. It was simply incredible.Not all dishes were equally memorable. The guinea hen dumpling in aromatic mushroom dashi was a little over-seasoned for my taste while the smoked trout gelatin with uni, celery, and green apple aioli was overly rich. The seafood salad had too many components and while the shellfish was very fresh, I felt the flavors were too muddled. The veggie plate was overpriced and a big boring as well, but served well as a palette cleaner. I would probably skip these on a follow up visit.Service was outstanding, especially at the bar. Chefs were welcomingly and frequently inquiring about the food and our experience, sharing their techniques, and expressing their gratitude that we were enjoying their menu. The entire staff was friendly and attentive, and showed that they really cared about (and passionate about) their craft, which went above and beyond what you'd expect from normal eateries with a professional wait staff.We were tempted to order more dishes from the commandables menu which were generally much more significant than the dim sum dishes, but I had no room left. Despite this, we were pleasantly full and are excited to revisit again to sample their namesake dish, the State Bird with Provisions. Prices were surprisingly "reasonable" (for what it is) and the total bill came out to about $90 before tip. It's plain to see why so many people consider this restaurant to be the best in the city. I certainly can't disagree.Food: 10/10Service: 10/10Price: $$$Atmosphere: 9/10
I remembered liking State Bird a lot better during my first visit in 2013. At that time, a person in my party got a 10pm reservation for a party of 4, and we were able to share and taste a lot of dishes. I remembered loving the earl grey ice cream sandwich during that visit. Recently I passed by SBP on a Monday at 5p and saw that the line was short so I got in line with my boyfriend. When the restaurant opened at 5:30, people with reservations formed a second line and went in first. My boyfriend and I got the last walk-in table during that round, and we sat at a 4-person communal table with another couple. SBP only serves beer and wine, no cocktails which I hear their next-door sister restaurant Progress serves, so we started with beer and a delicious homemade fig leaf soda. We mostly ordered the provisions from the carts/trays and a majority of the items I picked out were Asian fusion which for SBP meant a lot of salt and sriracha. Favorites were the pork belly with pluots and the potato chips with trout and avocado dip (although the chips were one of the most expensive provision items at $10). The smoked trout tail was decent and tasted like one you'd get in a Japanese restaurant. I didn't like the octopus on its own but it worked if you eat a spoonful of the octopus with the tomato sauce. While the almond biscuits were good, I really didn't like the duck liver mousse with the biscuits. The mousse was better with the air-dried beef that was otherwise too dry, salty and spicy. Chawanmushi was also too salty and spicy. Guinea hen dumpling is served lukewarm and they pour the aromatic broth in when you order it, so it would've been better if the dumpling was warm. We skipped the burrata since I remembered not liking it the first time. Our server told us that the menu items do not come around in the carts/trays. From the menu I liked the sourdough, sauerkraut, pecorino and ricotta pancake which the server said is a favorite item from SBP's early days. I ordered the state bird again since my boyfriend wanted to try it. I love quail but didn't like the state bird here since was a lot of breading and very little quail meat, but the pickled onions were good. For dessert, I regretted not trying the peanut milk during my first visit so I got a shot as well as the chvre ice cream sandwich. The peanut milk was very good! I could've taken another shot! The ice cream sandwich was delicious too with the strawberries and pistachios on top although I liked the earl grey over the goat milk. Although we ordered a lot from the carts/trays, our server pushed us to order from the menu so in the end we spent $125 for the two of us, which I consider pricey for very casual food in a casual environment.
I wouldn't wait 3.5 hours again: 1.5 hours before doors opened at 5:30pm (thankfully waiting outside during December in California is not too painful- it also helps that they served us some deliciously thick hot chocolate) only to be offered a seat for 2 hours later (shocking, but we figured we'd come this far and couldn't turn back at that point). But if you can manage to get in without a crazy wait (i.e. make a reservation months in advance), State Bird is worth checking out for the experience. The dim sum style push cart tapas is novel in these circles- and functionally, pretty awesome- how can you say no after getting a whiff of the pork belly? What's even better is sitting at the counter and being able to watch the chefs work their magic and talk to them directly- what you making there? Can I get one of those too? Everyone was super attentive, informative and friendly.As for the food itself- I found it a bit anticlimactic after that ridiculously long wait. The namesake- the fried quail- was over-fried. There wasn't much juice or tenderness inside. The roasted squash on gruyere pancake sounded amazing- but was underwhelming in flavor and unmemorable. The oyster with spicy kohlrabi kraut & sesame (too much kraut and sesame killed the oyster flavor) and guinea hen dumpling (tasty dashi but bland filling) were similarly simply unmemorable. My favorites were the duck fried rice (the only "American" sized dish-- very nice touch with the added egg drops and tender snow pea shoots) and the pork belly topped with a Vietnamese inspired citrusy sauce and cilantro (so tender, fatty and a great mix of flavors). Come for the experience (not so much the food). And if you do find yourself waiting, grab some drinks at the Progress, the new sister spot next door.
We had to wait 2 months for our reservations... Which we could only get for 5:30 or 9... But it was totally worth it.Of all the dishes we tried, my favorites were definitely the guinea hen dumplings, california state bird, beed tongue, meyer lemon pudding cake, & the ice cream sandwiches. I would definitely get all five of then again. I didn't care for the quail eggs or peppers, though my friends loved them. Most of the food is served similarly to a dim sum restaurant, with waiters approaching you with trays of various small dishes. It's pretty hard to say no to a dish when it's literally in your face, and we ended up ordering way more food than we needed. However, there is also a small menu of items that aren't served like this, which you order from your waiter (such as the california state bird). Overall, I really liked State Bird Provisions. I definitely want to come back again to try more of their dishes.
I really wanted to save my 500th review for somewhere special, and State Bird is definitely worthy. I didn't know until partway through my meal that Statebird had a Michelin star (Congrats!) and this came as no surprise - they totally deserve it. The creativity and flavors of their food, the creativity and warmth of their service, and the reasonable pricing have definitely converted me to a State Bird fan. Firstly, I have heard horror stories about trying to snag a reasonable reservation in a short period of time, so my cousin and I decided to try doing a walk-in. We got to the restaurant at 4:10 (they open at 5:30), and to our horror there was already a substantial (maybe 8-9 groups) amount of people in line. Oh jeez. Basically, we ended up standing in line for about 1.5 hours, in the hopes that we'd get seated with the first batch of people (and we did!) We got to choose between the chef's bar and the regular table, and we opted for the former (highly recommend). So, how exactly does state bird work? Well you have your typical menu, which consists of small bites (toast/pancakes) and some "bigger" (still small-plates) items. Then, the fun part. You have staff walking around with trays and carts with items that you can just grab directly. On your menu, there are boxes that have numbers (which indicate prices), and if you choose to snag a dish off the tray or cart, the server will write a tally mark in the appropriate box. Think about a fusion of high-end dimsum carts combined normal dining. I'm not going to go through and list every single thing I tried (because I literally tried 15-16 things between two people), but I will list some of my personal favorites and least-favorites.Favorites: - Potato and shellfish porridge: so delicious. Amazing textural contrasts between the potato and the crispy grain topping, and the flavor differences between the creamier porridge and the light notes of the seafood was on point. - Pork belly citrus salad: surprised me because I don't like pork belly for its high fat content. But this was prepared well and the sauce was really wonderful. - Pancakes (both the roasted squash/gruyere and the sourdough/ricotta): omg so delicious! A bit on the heavier/oily side, but wonderful flavors and textures and totally worth it. Would not get again:- Octopus-beef tendon with olive crumbs: texture and flavors were odd- Garlic bread with burrata: bread itself was wayyyyy too oily. Was surprised because this is apparently one of their signature dishes.- CA state bird with provisions: My cousin really adored this dish but I was rather unimpressed. Still good, but I thought it was rather boring in execution and flavor. Maybe it's because I had high expectations, since their restaurant is basically named after this dish... Service was amazing. The servers were so attentive and knowledgable, and sitting at the chef's bar allowed us to watch the geniuses at work (the kitchen is super, super open). We also got to converse with the chefs as we ate (although we tried to avoid bothering them when things got busy), and they were always willing to provide recommendations with a smile. Amazing. Bill came out to be $150 including tip and tax for two people, which really isn't that bad considering how much we ate/the fact that this is a Michelin establishment. I didn't regret a single penny paid or a single minute spend waiting in line beforehand.
I don't think I'll be able to add anything new to the 1000+ reviews that this page already has, but wanted to save my first review of 2015 for a special dining experience :) Our party of 4 did not have a reservation, but we were eager to try this place and arrived to wait at 4:15pm. I think there were about 4 or 5 parties in front of us (but the restaurant lets in the diners with a reservation first of course) I love small plates of any kind, and State Bird Provisions was no exception. The vibe is fun and casual, and every bite of food looked and tasted amazing.This restaurant has a short menu of items that are always on the menu, which you have to order from a server. The rest of the items that you can try during your visit are served on the carts, dim sum style. Some of our favorites were the state bird with provisions, ice cream sandwiches, duck liver mousse, uni panna cotta, dumpling...I honestly can't remember anything being less than stellar. We tried almost everything on the menu that night, and our bill came out to be less than $200 for 4 people. Yes, we didn't stuff our faces, but we certainly did not leave hungry. I'd definitely be down for coming back. P.S. If you do end up arriving early to brave the line like me, go to Panda Express across the street if you need to use the bathroom ;)
After trying for a year to get a reservation, I finally tapped into the "favor bank" and asked a friend who knows the owner and was able to secure a much coveted 7:30 reservation for 2 at a regular table. So, I didn't have to wait in the cold or deal with the indignity of a late dinner....That said, it was good, but it wasn't really great. My girlfriend was perplexed at why it was so popular, she thought the food and presentation were pretentious and that the portions were microscopically small for the price. The duck liver mousse was good, but you barely get a tablespoon; the signature quail was tasty, but really, it's a tiny fried chicken and not much better than any other mid-level restaurant. We probably ordered less than most parties of 2 because the dim-sum guys kept saying "don't you want something else?" We kept it down to 3 things off the menu (quail and 2 of the teeny-tiny pancakes) and probably about 4-5 dim sum offerings, there really wasn't anything that jumped out at us.
Visited SBP for the second time on 21st Jan with a bunch of friends and thoroughly enjoyed our experience. Some dishes weren't worth the hype (state bird), some were unexpectedly good. It was a fun experience on the whole.We got:- Pork belly citrus salad (yelp.com/biz_photos/stat) $12: I liked this dish, particularly the flavor of the pork belly and the brightness of the citrus contrast. My friends' main complaint was that it wasn't fatty enough though, however- Duck liver mousse with almond biscuit (yelp.com/biz_photos/stat) $6: This was unanimously liked by the entire group. The mousse was subtle yet flavorful, very smooth and light, and went very well with the almond biscuits. Highly recommend!- Hog island oyster, spicy kohlrabi kraut & sesame (yelp.com/biz_photos/stat) $3: I didn't try this since I don't take oysters, but my friends who did did not have anything special to say about it- Smoked trout parfait with uni slaw (yelp.com/biz_photos/stat) $10: Not the most photogenic of dishes, and the taste of uni was not very evident. The smoked trout though, was delicious.- Farro spezzato with black trumpets & fontina (yelp.com/biz_photos/stat) $9: Very comforting dish with the earthy taste of the black trumpets.- Red trout, mandarin, hazelnut-garum vinaigrette (yelp.com/biz_photos/stat) $11: I'd had this the previous time and had to order it again. Definitely did not disappoint. Our group loved it and we were left craving more. Highly recommend!- Dungeness crab kimchi yuba with smoked egg bottarga (yelp.com/biz_photos/stat) $26: This was unspectacular though decent. There wasn't enough crab in the dish.- Snacking pork with apple mostarda (yelp.com/biz_photos/stat) $8: Another enjoyable dish, particularly with the apple.- Maitake & duck fried rice a la plancha (yelp.com/biz_photos/stat) $14: Second time I'm trying this, and I liked this rendition better. I'd found this overly salty the previous time, but this time it was just right. It was a perfect size for sharing among 5 of us, and we all scraped up every last grain of rice. They were pretty generous with the duck too. Recommend!- CA state bird with provisions (yelp.com/biz_photos/stat) $18: Underwhelming, given this is their namesake. It tasted like any other fried chicken, though it did go well with the onions underneath. They were nice enough to create a portion for 5 people for us though (it usually comes in portions of 2 or 4).- Garlic bread with burrata (yelp.com/biz_photos/stat) $8: I'd heard so much about this dish but it was, while yummy, wasn't spectacular. My friend commented that the burrata wasn't creamy enough.- Cheesecake japonais, guava cream, kiwi, pomelo (yelp.com/biz_photos/stat) $8: This was the least favorite dessert we had (out of 4). The cheesecake is light, japanese style, but not very flavorful, slightly dry. The guava cream was definitely a plus though.- Szechuan pepper ice cream sandwich, chocolate beer coulis, cashews (yelp.com/biz_photos/stat) $8: The ice cream didn't taste much like szechuan pepper, though the chocolate coulis was a nice touch. Enjoyable all the same though.- Cocoa-nib huckleberry granita, yogurt coconut cream, blood orange (yelp.com/biz_photos/stat) $8: Another dish that was unanimously voted the best among the group. Loved the tang of the huckleberry and the coconut cream went with it perfectly.Also tried the fantastic peanut milk, which is a must-try.Overall it's definitely a restaurant that's worth a repeated visit. Also appreciate that they added a candle as a nice touch since it was my birthday. Total bill came up to $57 per pax (incl tip/tax
Hubs and I snagged spur of the moment reservations for two literally hours before State Bird opened. We were so excited and expectations, as you can expect, were extremely high. Though the dishes were very creative and a handful were super tasty, I am not sure that I am dying to return. For a Michelin rated restaurant, I think that the prices we paid were well beyond fair. The dim sum style concept, to me, was ingenious and super creative. However, so many dishes fell short for me. I'll mention the highlights--duck liver mousse with almond biscuits, beef tongue pancake and kim chi fried rice. Unfortunately dessert fell short for me as well and I was so looking forward to a mind blowing experience. Since their menu changes seasonally, I'd consider returning...if someone else is footing the bill. :P
After snagging an online reservation at 3AM (East Coast time), I had high expectations for State Bird. On most fronts, it delivered but did not excel.The food was great but not phenomenal. The best two dishes were the first two we tried: smoked trout croquettes and duck mousse with cornbread. The namesake "state bird" had a tangy buttermilk batter, but the accompanying "provisions" (buttered onion and parmesan) fell flat. The squash mochi, steak tartare, celery root, burrata bread, and Guinea hen dumpling were memorably creative if not big on flavor. The only bad dish was the peach thyme chicken wings, which was burnt and dry. Desserts (matcha granita and olive oil cake) were good but not particularly memorable. Service was very accommodating. Since you don't have a primary waiter (various servers offering plates dim sum style), anyone will place your order for drinks and listed menu items. Dishes are offered at a vigorous pace, so be sure to eat quickly or delay the onslaught of incoming provisions.The one flaw with the system is that you don't know what unlisted special dishes remain to be presented (while you can ask, declining a dish jeopardizes its availability later). The ambiance was appropriate for the service style: open kitchen format, hip, somewhat cramped, but lively and welcoming. Overall, it was an enjoyable experience. Based on the hype, I feel State Bird has become a little big for its britches. While the food was good, it did not meet the lofty (and perhaps exaggerated) expectations created by all the press. The price was a bit steep for the quality of the meal (about $80 a person). Amid the plethora of dining options in San Francisco, I wouldn't particularly go out of my way again to secure a reservation. There's nothing quite like State Bird, and that's what keeps it chugging along for now. I will still return to try the menu during a different season, a testament to the impressive (if not perfectly executed) creativity of the kitchen. I would recommend for the novelty and (overall) great provisions.
Good lord it's easy to spend all the money here without even noticing. We showed up at 4pm on a Wednesday because we thought it opened at 5 (actual opening time - 5:30) -- the line started getting long around 4:30, so I guess it's just as well. Happily got seated in the first seating without a reservation with our group of four. Overall, the meal felt like a giant umami fest -- sometimes it was a little over the top in trying to make you feel that umami feel, if that makes any sense, but that may have been based on what we chose to eat. Standouts were anchovy toast, duck liver mousse with almond biscuits, some kind of chicken and avocado dip thing in a mason jar. The actual state bird was a little disappointing -- fried with melty onions didn't feel that special. Plenty of servers, only one who seemed a little overzealous with selling us his dim sum items. Overall glad to have tried it out, won't be in a huge hurry to go back, but also won't actively avoid doing so.
Great food. Noise - WAY TOO EFFING LOUD !One visit here is enough for me. Poor wait staff must lose their voices nightly. More stupid restaurant philosophy that "Loud is Good" because reports say that people spend more money in that type of environment. Great place if you like shouting as a form of communication. Not moi ~
For the amount of hype for this place and the michelin star, I really thought this place was just A-OK for what it is. We got there at 4:30pm to wait in line and there were about 20 people ahead of us. We waited until 5:30pm when they opened and sadly we did not make the first round so we were told to come back at 8pm. The customer service is great and friendly considering all of the people that they have to deal with. They were good about getting us a table at the time they told us and the vibes were nice and friendly. The concept was very unique and fun, but I didn't think anything we ate was anything special or worth the price. The way the ingredients were paired together was different, but nothing memorable that would make me want to go back again to eat. Their signature "State Bird" dish tasted like a regular tiny fried chicken to me. The Duck Mousse was "interesting" with the mini corn muffins, but it wasn't to die for. The only thing that did stand out to me was the beef tongue horseradish pancake. I really don't remember what else we had. Maybe we came on an off night?Would I come back again? Is it worth checking out? Maybe to take new first timers for the experience, but not for the food. There are plenty of other restaurants in SF that's also worth checking out without the long wait lines.
It took a few years for me to finally get in--had to wait for a friend of friend to get me on the list because I cannot deal with the midnight reservations open drama. So glad we finally did it! Counter seats overlooking the kitchen. Service was exceptional. Loved 90% of the dishes we tried. With the volume and diversity, we thought they hit the mark on most. Must haves:- kimchi fried rice- burrata bread thing- oysters- duck rillettes prosciutto wrap thing- half trout in citrus sauce
Alright..so I'm way overdue on this review. I realized I didn't write a review yet when I ate at Barley Swine in Austin last night since it reminded me of State Bird Provisions. The concept of chefs collaborating to create inventive dishes and farm to table. I once again sat on the chef's counter and was talking to one of the chefs who's actually from my home state of Hawaii. She was so informative and her passion of cooking was inspiring. I liked the dim sum idea but I kind of wished I knew what dishes were coming out ahead of time so I knew whether to pass or take the dish. I didn't want to get full on dishes that came out first and then miss out on the latter dishes.  I know, I shouldn't think too hard about food!  In any case, I enjoyed almost all except the garlic burratta bread. It was way too heavy for me and nothing too special. My favorite was the fresh sweet pea dish and the beef tartare, probably the best I've had. The beef just melted in my mouth. Overall I think the dishes are fairly inexpensive for the quality and freshness of food you get. The entire staff were super friendly and made my experience one to remember.
An absolutely outstanding all round experience. This place serves the most amazing food utilising aa engaging format. It has elements that are akin to tapas or pintxos dining, and even some little similarities to the 'yum cha' serving style. I truly enjoyed the blending of serving styles.From the street this place is not obvious...and when you walk inside it is truly amazing. The open kitchen and the seating format have a distinctiveness about them that sets this place apart. It is wow!The people serving are fun...terrific in expressing clarity and insights about each dish as well as having a great sense of fun. There is a confident humbleness in their demeanour which extends to some happy and enjoyable banter. This human spirit in these circumstances adds positively to the experience.And then there is the food..... From the the set menu or the 'commandables' we had:State bird with provisions....so good that we had it twice. It is so succulent...a wonderful dish;Japanese style fried egg plant with miso & ginger;Beef tongue & sweetbread ....of all the dishes our least liked however it is still excellent; Lamb with cumin , squid and so on...stunning too;From the trolleys or referred to as the 'provisions' some of the dishes we had included:Duck liver moussePork bellyOystersBeets with goats cheeseDumpling with chicken soupPalm saladand so it goes on!! Simply wonderful dining.The wine list is wide ranging and impressive.I would have each dish and wine again. This was a truly wonderful night and I believe it was faultless......my best dining experience in San Francisco.And we will be back....it is a must do on our next calendar!
What's so good about this place?? Overpriced dim sum that is presented nicer pretty much sums up this place. The best thing I had was the Duck Liver Mousse, everything else was average at best. The "state bid", it's a deep fried quail, you can find a better quality and more flavorful one in Chinatown for half the price (A WHOLE). Whoever wrote so many good things about this place must have been paid to do so because it's as good NOT as they say. Bye, never coming back here. What a waste of my taste buds.
Not sure what kind of "favor" the owner did for the Michelin reviewer to get that star but let's just put it this way... WHITE PEOPLE PLEASE STOP MESSING WITH THE FOOD OF OTHER PEOPLE.... Not to play the race card but leave the dim sum to my grandma please. The food was ok. Nothing popped. In fact I couldn't remember all the dishes I had, so obviously not that memorable. The pork belly, beef tongue pancakes and garlic bread were good. Everything else melded into each other into a big mediocre one dimensional blur so not sure what the hype is about cause I've had better... Way better from my own kitchen. Perhaps the people giving this place five stars were drawn in by the lumbersexual hipster waiters and waitresses. All the dishes looked better than they tasted. I really wished this would be a party in my mouth but this party was like the kind that retirement homes put on....where everyone is asleep and drooling in their wheelchair....Oh I do remember SALT. Lots and lots of salt. After dinner was over, i fantasized about drinking the Niagara Falls.... Or becoming a mermaid....The wait staff were nice but lacked the efficiency of a true dim sum place. I was seated in the back and waited twenty minutes at a time before the last available portion of an unpopular dish would reach my table. I felt like the middle child that no one cared about. My impatience grew with time until I had to channel my inner Dalai Lama in order to save people from a hulk like tantrum.The atmosphere was also so loud. Imagine 1000 angry hipsters at a farmers market all competing for the spotlight so they can tell their own story about their feelings on the environment, organic foods, beards, top knots and skinny jeans. Yeesh gets intense.The hostess had nice skinny jeans.
Hipster dim sum. Honestly, the food is more like 4 stars, but the overall experience with great service and reasonable prices plus the added vacation effect makes State Bird Provisions a five-star experience.WOULD ORDER AGAIN:- State Bird Provision (my favorite dish of the evening; amazing crispy texture and great flavor)- Garlic Bread with Burrata (a little greasy, but worth the calories)- Crispy Pork Belly (refreshing version of fob roasted pork belly with fish sauce) - Guinea Hen Dumpling (not what I expected, but I like the flavors and textures with the broth)GOOD AND WORTH A TRY:- Chawan Mushi (porky and saucy version of steamed Japanese egg custard)- Beets with Goat Cheese (standard but good)- Salmon Dip (a bit fishy but fun)- Chanterelle Toast (perfect for mushroom lovers)- Chilli-Charred Broccoli (very simple but done well)- Duck Liver Mousse (mousse was great but the biscuits too heavy and dense for my tastes)- Quince Granita with Coconut Tapioca (cool texture, and I love the added anise/licorice flavor from the fennel stalks)- Peanut muscovado milk (for $2, why not?)NEVER AGAIN:- Bone Marrow (bland with gummy rubbery texture)The food was interesting enough that the bf and I will definitely make it a point to return to SBP when we're in SF, but only if we're able to get another reservation. I can't honestly say it was good enough that I would wait in line for an hour without a reservation.SBP is so hipster that they don't even need a sign. Just look for the white people.
We waited 15 min for someone to finally admit us and they said they were all booked for the night
When it comes to Yelp reviews, I must admit that I've been slacking. State Bird has been my go-to restaurant (although that honor might soon go to Liholiho). Considering my weekly trips to SBP, it's long been overdue time that I review it.- - - - - - - - R E S E R V A T I O N S - - - - - - - - It's no secret that reservations are tough. Tables are released 60 days in advance at midnight and are snatched up within minutes (seconds for primetime weekend seatings!). If you check frequently, you should be able to find a cancellation for the same week (albeit for later seatings). Also, four tops are easier to reserve than two tops. As of last Friday, SBP requires a credit card for reservations and has a Frances-style cancellation policy (48 hours, $25/head).- - - - - - - - F O O D - - - - - - - - There are two menus at SBP: (1) Provisions, served dim-sum style, and (2) Pancakes and Commandables (larger dishes), which may be ordered  la carte. 5-6 provisions, 2-4 pancakes, and a commandable are sufficient for a party of 2.P R O V I S I O N S (a.k.a dim sum-style dishes)Hog Island OYSTER, Spicy Kohlrabi Kraut & Sesame ($3) (4 STARS)You can never go wrong with a Hog Island oyster. Wish they would switch up the toppings once in a while. The kohlrabi kraut doesn't really do it for me.Guinea Hen DUMPLING with Aromatic Broth ($3) (4 STARS)Hit or miss. The broth often verges on extremely saltiness. Could sometimes do with more hen and less mushrooms. DUCK LIVER MOUSSE with Almond Biscuit ($6) (4.5 STARS)A delicious combination of sweet and savory. Interesting to see the liver served with sweet (madeleine-like) biscuits instead of toast.PORK BELLY Citrus Salad ($7/$14) (4 STARS)Small, but meaty portion. Crispy, well-rendered fat, but the meat itself leans on the dry end for pork belly. Garlic Bread with BURRATA ($9) (4.5 STARS)Perfect fry on the bread; it's basically a Chinese Youtiao. The burrata, while fine, isn't homemade. It comes out of a store bought container.Beer-Battered BUTTER CLAMS with Grilled Ramp Remoulade ($8) (4 STARS)Enjoyed this my first time, but it was soggy on recent visits. (It had been circulating around.) One of the smallest provisions for the price: You get two bite size pieces.Snacking PORK with Nectarine Mostarda ($8) (4.5 STARS)It's pleasantly surprising when a dish gets better over time. The apple mostarda was a bit acerbic for my taste; glad they replaced it with nectarine.POTATO, SHELLFISH & Pickled Nori Porridge ($9) (4.5 STARS)While this dish doesn't get as much love from diners, it's a staff favorite (and one of my favorites). Generous portion of shellfish with heaps of addictive, crunchy quinoa on top.Smoked Trout-Avocado 'CHIP & DIP' ($10) (4 STARS)A solid, comforting take on a chip and dip. Not much more to it.Charred OCTOPUS with fresh peppercorn & TOMATO sauce ($10) (4 STARS)The octopus was tender enough, but the portion is on the small side for the price. I usually pass on this.P A N C A K E S , T O A S T S , A N D C O M M A N D A B L E SSourdough, SAUERKRAUT, PECORINO & Ricotta PANCAKE ($3/piece) (4.5 STARS)These pancakes are tiinnny, but bursting in flavor. As with all SBP's pancakes, the fluffiness will depend on how long the batter has been sitting out.Green garlic-STEAK TARTARE caesar TOAST ($4/piece) (5 STARS)Order this! The tastiest dish at SBP and one of the best preparations of steak tartare I've ever had. Perfectly grilled bread, delicious aioli, and green garlic salt make for a flavor bomb.BEEF TONGUE & Horseradish-BUCKWHEAT PANCAKE ($5/piece) (4.5 STARS)Another must-order dish. Perfectly seasoned with luscious and tender beef tongue. The "bone marrow" bchamel sauce could have a bit more flavor.CA STATE BIRD with provisions ($9/$18) (4.5 STARS)State bird's *signature* dish, SBP's take on fried quail is exceedingly juicy with a thick, healthful crust. The accompanying onions are deliciously tender.RED TROUT, mandarin, hazelnut-garum vinaigrette ($11/$22) (3.5 STARS)Not a particularly exciting dish. The trout while well cooked, didn't taste super fresh. I would pass.'Kung Pao' Beef SWEETBREADS with Bacon, Nuts & Seeds ($18) (4 STARS)A well flavored dish. The sweetbreads were delicious. A bit disappointed there weren't more of them.D E S S E R T SIce Cream SANDWICH ($9) (3.5 STARS)A decent dessert, served a bit too cold. I've never really understood the infatuation for ice cream sandwiches (e.g. CREAM). OLIVE OIL CAKE, Birdseed, Roasted Strawberries & Mascarpone ($9) (4 STARS)The toppings may vary, but the oil cake is always moist and clean. A comforting way to end your meals.'World Peace' Peanut MUSCOVADO MILK ($2/shot) (4.5 STARS)A must order! The muscovado syrup at the bottom is delicious. SBP should bottle this up for retail.- - - - - - - - P A R K I N G - - - - - - - - Difficult, but doable. Friday and Saturday nights after 8pm are the worst because of the Fillmore Theatre. Use Luxe!
I enjoy the dishes here every time. They changed the menu this time around and the food was still amazing. I booked this for 5 of us exactly 2 months prior online and did it with not much issue... the only thing is we ate at 9:30. The food here is just SO unique. Garlic bread with burrata is so bomb and a must try. You can't make any of these things at home. Just come here with an open mind and you will not be disappointed.
After my visit to State Bird, I was a little confused as to what the hype is all about. Granted, the concept is unique- a dim sum-esque experience combined with trendy California-style cuisine. My boyfriend and I started out a little too eager when they started coming around with the carts of beautifully plated food. We immediately said yes to the duck liver mousse with almond biscuits, but in my opinion, it was a huge mistake and a bad way to start out the meal. The duck flavor was really strong, and the almond biscuit paired with it just made the whole bite extremely heavy. Next, we had the shrimp croquette, which had Asian-style sauces and small bay shrimp. The croquette wasn't bad, but it wasn't particularly different from other croquettes that I've had. The fried green tomato came around next, and it had a really good puree that came with it. Once again, nothing special though. We continued to order off the menu, deciding to try some of their popular dishes. I liked the quail eggs in a skillet, especially the farro that added a good crunch. However, the state bird was a huge disappointment. The fried quail wasn't unique at all, and the portion was tiny. My favorite dish of the night was the duck fried rice. The flavor was great and the portions were generous. They added a lot of more unique ingredients that made me want to order another bowl. We finished off the meal with the lemon curd ice cream sandwiches with chocolate macarons. This is definitely a must-try! The macaron outsides gave the sandwich an extra-chewy texture, and the lemon pairing contrasted the sweeter cookie. I'm glad I finally got a chance to try State Bird, but I honestly wasn't impressed enough to want to come back again.
LOVE this place! I love that it's dim sum style in small portions, so you can try everything!! Tip: if you don't have ressies, just get there about 1-1.5hr before it opens at 5:30pm, bring some dranks, and just hang out in line!Must gets (from my last visit there):- Duck liver mousse with almond biscuit: a must-get, staple at statebird. - Guinea hen dumpling: broth is like crack. Very flavorful. - Halibut tartar over cucumbers and crispy quinoa: loved the textures here, the added crispy quinoa made it so amazing!- Crispy pork belly: husband said blew his mind. Tender and juice pork belly - picked local Anchovy tomato toast: SO GOOD! This caught me by surprise, anchovy was perfect, i took a bite and wanted more.- Grilled octopus dish: also a thumbs-up. I love grilled octo and it was crisp to perfection and not too salty.- State bird: fried and delicious! Small portion has 2 pieces. NOW DESSERT-- always get icecream sandwich (pretty good size) and the peanut milk!! You won't regret it. Can pass dishes:- oysters: usually in a huge oyster fan, but they put too much picked toppings on it and just covered up the oysters.- 1/2 dozen quail eggs in cast iron: not bad, but it had spices that I wasn't the biggest fan of. - red trout: good, but not special enough.
First time I tried this place, it didnt really wow me. This time though, I leave satisfied:)!I recommend coming with 4 people to make it convenient to share dishesItems We ordered:- salmon tartare with crispy quinoa : AMAZING! Sooo good i forgot to take a photo- garlic bread: solid- mushroom dimsum: AMAZING- state bird: solid- steak tartare: AMAZING- oysters: solid- kungpao beef tongue: perfect seasoning and good portion- duck liver and almond biscuits: over rated- sweet corn tres leches: not too sweet, very interesting. Good, but I wouldn't crave it again
I tried every couple months for a whole year to get a reservation. I finally gave up and went to the restaurant with a buddy to put our names in. We arrived at 630pm and were lucky to get a reservation for 10pm, so we took it. Come game time, being seated at the bar worked to our advantage. We had courtside seats to everything coming out of the kitchen. All the cooks and waiters read our reactions, so they could answer questions or offer up freshly made dishes. I enjoyed watching them work as a team. Each player brought a different skill to the table, and everything came together seamlessly. The food was good, but I had a hard time pacing myself. The anxiety of not wanting to turn anything away caused me to order a few more dishes than I normally would've. Unlike dim-sum, I know exactly which dishes are my favorite, yet the excitement of trying intriguing looking and sounding dishes was fun. If it wasn't so hard getting a table I'd go back again. Guess I'll have to wait until the hype dies down or they open a sister restaurant.
yes please! i get it now!love the bustling sound of this place when you're inside.great staff and nothing pretentious here.the food is on another level. it's whimsical, super tasty, and totally inspired!this is the place to come back again and again - get a taskrabbit to wait in line for you wine is not bad either
Love the atmosphere. I noticed the long line outside so I do think they take a lot more walk-ins and reserve some space for reservations, but with any walk-in definitely get there early.They have a set menu with things they serve all the time and then they also have a dim-sum-like option where they come by with a tray and carts to offer things that are special that night. That was quite entertaining.The food for me was a hit or miss, either really good or I just passed on trying it. The trout mousse with chips and the duck liver mousse are definitely amazing. The bread that seemed to be a crowd favorite was actually my least favorite, but it could just be a difference on taste buds it had some herbs that were not to my liking.I think I enjoyed the atmosphere with the trays and carts going by and also I liked the concept that you could order from anyone and you don't necessarily have a designated waiter. I would definitely try it again and order some of the other things I didn't get to try.
I sat across the table from my closest friend. Calm. Excited. I could feel the power of the hurricane around us. Hear the rumble of carts passing by. Smell the intoxicating aromas drift carelessly through the air like butterflies on a spring day. It's a funny thing, State Bird. Once you sit down at your table, you've entered your own world: a safe haven from the beautiful chaos happening around you, yet still able to feel and draw energy from the outside world. Like the eye of a hurricane.There it was. The sauerkraut pancake. I took a bite. Bang! It was a gun engineered for one sole purpose: to know one's mortality. An explosion of umami, enhanced and emphasized by the sourness and funk of the sauerkraut, balanced by the sweet creaminess of ricotta. In that moment, I knew my creator. I knew that there was a higher being somewhere out there. I also remembered how to do long division.Beef tongue and sweetbreads. Anyone can cook a steak, poach a lobster, or sear some scallops. How you make something as ugly and nasty looking as sweetbreads look attractive and taste good is the real challenge. HAVE YOU SEEN WHAT THEY LOOK LIKE? Alien brains I tell you. Alien brains. Ultra rich and beefy beef tongue with ultra rich sweetbreads made for one decadent ultra rich dish.:D
What can I say about SBP, the hype is deserved. Congratz on the Michelin Star!We had:Guinea hen dumpling with aromatic brothGrilled Octopus w/ kampot peppercornHog Island Oysters w/ a Spicy Kohlrabi KrautKabocha squash mochi with brussels sprouts, oats & black trufflePork Belly with grape & Herb SaladSmoked Cod with Shiitake in a Pork-belly DashiBurrata over a garlic bread puffpersimmon with kinako & black sesameAir-dried beef with red chili vinaigretteSteak tartare, local uni & umeboshi-rosemary vinaigrette Full CA state bird with provisions (House dish)'Kung-pao' beef sweetbreads & tongue w/ bacon, nuts & seedscoconut-lemon verbena tres-leches, huckleberry & chvremint chip 'ice cream' sandwich, toffee sauce & cherriesfudge cake, szechuan-fennel granola, jasmine cream & hazelnutThere is so much depth of flavor and layers of released aromas that it would take forever to describe each dish!!!Let's just say I LOVED everything we tried except the coconut-lemon verbena tres-leches. That just didn't work. The flavors were quite odd and didn't meld together. Their take on Kung-pao was a bit salty and would have been perfect over rice.Everything else was AMAZING! The layers of flavor kept me wanting more throughout the meal!Definitley one of the better meals I've had in the City that didn't neccissailry break the bank :)
After SBP received a Michelin star, we anticipated that the wait would be even longer, so we arrived at 3:50 pm on a gorgeous Saturday and were the 4th party in line. I highly recommend that you arrive before or at 4pm if you do not have a reservation and want to do the walk-in method. A very long line quickly formed behind us, and I'd say if you arrive after 4:30pm, you might be seated at the second seating (~7pm) or later. They open at 5:30pm, but served us a decadently rich hot chocolate with saffron while we waited in line. I would say a party of 4-5 is the optimal number of people to dine with, for easy seating and for easy sharing of a maximal amount of dishes! I also loved the casual, fun setting inside, and all the servers were so friendly and helpful!I'm not going to go through every dish we ate, but we had a party of 5, so we were able to share/try every single dish served dim-sum style, plus we ordered from the menu 3 appetizer: pancakes, the buffalo cauliflower appetizer, 2 entrees (fried quail and trout), and 1 dessert. We definitely were all very full and satisfied, and the bill came out to be ~$60-65 per person pre tip. I loved the concept of expertly prepared food served dim-sum style; such a unique and fun way to experience creative culinary creations. Stand-out dishes: pork belly with citrusbuffalo cauliflower appetizerThe avocado-salsa-smoked trout dip with housemade chips were amazing. It came on the same cart as the seafood salsa served on top of a japanese style potato salad, which was a delightfully balanced combination. I am just so impressed with the creativity of the dishes, and the artful pairings of flavors and textures. The almond ice cream pepita macaron sandwich was divine. Came out in 3 bite sized pieces per order.
(4/25/2015)Not able to reserve a spot, we waited an hour before the place opened at 5:30. It was particularly windy that day and the waiters kindly offered us Mexican hot chocolate. The place was full of energy and service was great overall. Since it was our first time there, the waiter explained how it works, suggested number of dishes we should have, and was attentive throughout the meal. We had eight or nine provisions in total but only a few stood out: the beef tongue, steak tartare, and the duck liver mousse with almont biscuits. To our surprise, the famous must-order bird provision was really disappointing. A lot of bread and very little meat.I would say the State Bird Provision is more of a experience rather than a place that I would come back.$60+ per person
I absolutely loved the dim sum style dinner that this place had going on. Waiters were all coming around with platters of food that you just grab and they mark on your check. I had quite a few of them, which is exactly how I would recommend experiencing this place. I love the quail (state bird) as well as the rabbit croquettes with the apricot mustarda. The mustarda was a real highlight. Don't leave without getting the milk at the end of the meal. It's a game-changer.
Everything I tried was delicious, however they need to have more vegetarian options. Also, when people put their name down as walk ins, please tell them if it'd very unlikely they will be seated - after waiting 1.5 hours on the bar next door they told me there were 20 people ahead of me and that I would definitely not get a seat - couldn't you have told me that from the beginning?
It all started 60 days prior right before Thanksgiving when I tried to get a reservation online. I was on the East Coast for the holiday and stayed up until 3am to get a reservation and was amazed that at 3am (midnight PST) that I could only get something at 9pm. The next night I changed my strategy and bingo...I scored a 7pm reservation. Of course it was Thanksgiving Eve, so I had less competition! And then the 60 day wait began....The restaurant exterior does not have a number or a sign. You just have to know which one it is. There was no line in front but I suspect many people were waiting next door over cocktails at the proprietor's new restaurant. We arrived 5 minutes early and pushed past the few walk-ins who eagerly waited for an opening. At first I wasn't sure if the online reservation was worth it, but as I saw people getting frustrated and anxious, I knew it was. The restaurant is not an elegant one but is definitely upscale, modern and casual. Wear nice jeans if you'd like. It was very befitting of a chic foodie kitchen restaurant.  Clientele is definitely young lovers of food experiences. No kids in sight. I would have loved to have some mom try to give her kid Quinoa-Cauliflower.Many people describe this as a dim sum style restaurant. Other than that the food comes out on trays and they stamp your menu for each plate, the comparison stops right there.. In fact the servers are fabulously informative about the dishes which need lots of explanations and often require you to repeat the name. Our server, Luke, was very helpful with our wine choices and helpful in recommending dishes that we should NOT pass on that evening. In fact I highly recommend studying up beforehand on the menu and remind yourself what you must have. The "provisions" of the evening rotate, but the main classics as well as the toasts and pancakes are pretty standard and you order them with your server. We only passed on one dish all evening, a persimmon dish. We passed mostly because we were stuffed.In the end, we had 8 provisions and 3 ordered dishes along with the dessert milk:I am putting them in my order of preference:1.Duck Mousse with Almond biscuits2.Pork Belly Citrus Salad3.Shrimp & Potato 'okonomiyaki'4.Steak Tartare on sunchoke toast5.State Bird and Provisions6.Guinea Hen Dumpling7.Quinoa - Cauliflower Tabouleh8.Trout9.Hog Island Oyster10.Egg Custard11.Snacking Pork with Apple MostardoThe only thing I would say is that the oysters were just not a wow dish to me, but very tasty! The egg custard with the pork belly crisp was very good and surprised me. Lastly my dining partner and I thought the Snacking Pork was slightly dry. Other than that, I can't be too critical.Service was informative and attentive, and actually funny and entertaining. We were not rushed, but I loved the fact that the dinner moved along fairly at a nice pace and did not leave long lulls.There were several dishes we didn't get to, so we'll definitely be back for more.
Talk about hype and craze... State Bird Provisions is so good that reservations are all booked up a two months in advance. On the plus side, a good portion of their seats are saved for walk-ins. So if you show up 15 minutes before they open, there's a good chance you might be able to get in. Worst case scenario, put your name down and explore the area -- Japantown and Hayes Valley are nearby.Anyways, wow... I fell in love with State Bird Provisions. It's so different, so innovative, so imaginative that you can't put this restaurant into any category. I can try... Californian-Neo American-Tapas-Farm to Table-Dim Sum-Amazing. See? Doesn't work. They put a crazy spin onto all their dishes, and every item available will be something you've never tried before. I love it.The ordering process is kind of like dim sum. Hipster wait staff will be pushing around carts or carrying trays of their fresh tapas from table to table. If you like what you see, you ask for it. Of course, there's also a menu of items that aren't brought around, which you can order from as well.So anyways... this dim sum-like provoking can be quite dangerous. I saw all these awesome plates showcased around, and I just wanted to try everything. My stomach could probably handle only a third of what I ordered, but I just couldn't stop. It's that good. No regrets.
Quails are so cute that it makes me kind of sad that a restaurant was designed around their consumption...But then I imagine if our state bird was the pigeon...or the seagull...and then eating quail doesn't seem so bad.As much as I love giving recommendations, the cycling creativity that State Bird's chefs commit to their edible creations prohibits me from prohibiting you from trying whatever your heart and your appetite desire.So here were the things that two hearts and two appetites (one of which has a tricky tolerance) desired one evening:The provisions: Hog island oyster, spicy kohlrabi kraut & sesame, $3. Yes. Huckleberry-beet & goat cheese, $5. YES. Duck liver mousse with almond biscuit, $6. NO. Garlic bread with burrata, $8. YES. Think the Chinese donut, yo tiao. Pork belly citrus salad, $12. YES YES YES.The toast & pancakes: Broccoli cheddar whole-grain pancake, $4. Yes. Green garlic steak tartare caesar toast, $4. Yes.The commandables: California state bird with provisions, half serving, $9. Yes. Yellowfoot mushroom and duck "fried rice" a la plancha, $14. YES.The desserts:  Bitter almond "ice cream" sandwich, pepita macaron, cocoa coulis & mint, $8. YES. Duchesse de bourgogne granita, gingered tapioca, roasted dates, $8. No.Tips:- You can ask for a hard copy of their provisions menu. The toast&pancakes/commandables/desserts menu is already at your table.- If you have food intolerances, let your waitstaff know. They're incredibly accommodating.- If you have questions about what you're seeing/eating, ask.- If you want Luke the waiter to yell "HAPPY BIRTHDAY" at the birthday person when dessert arrives, ask. (Happy birthday to my bae!)- If you have a date in mind, join the bandwagon and make the reservation two months in advance when OpenTable opens tables at midnight. And DON'T zero in on the 7 or 7:30PM time slots because some 1337 h4x0r will nab those immediately and leave you to go back and choose a super early or late time.- If you aren't a uber planner and/or want to sit at the open kitchen bar seats, be ready to give up some precious time waiting.- $2.55 per person added for the SF Heathcare Security Ordinance (sfgsa.org/index.aspx?pag).- Read reviews for guidance, and keep it at that. The benefit of knowing the menu ahead of time is to not rule out menu items, which are re-envisioned every few weeks, but to keep mental tabs on what to request early on before your stomach reaches capacity.- That being said, somebody try the breaded pork tenderloin strips in black rice and report back to me. That provision didn't circulate through the tables until much later in the evening, and I was too full to try it :(State Bird, you earned your Michelin star.
Some very memorable moments at State Bird Provisions. Pretty awesome.A couple friends and I came to wait in line at 5:15pm on a Sunday, and we were just in the middle of the line. When the restaurant opened at 5:30pm, we just missed the cutoff for the walk-in tables. However, we were the first party to put our name down on the cancellation list, and headed over to Fat Angel for some drinks, just around the corner. A mere 30 minutes later, we got a call saying a party of 3 had cancelled/failed to show up, so we quickly got our check and hurried back to claim our table.The waitstaff was very friendly and they patiently explained the whole "American dim sum concept" pretty clearly. Basically there were waiters who brought around trays of dishes which you could claim, and there was a supplemental menu that you could order from that would take a little longer to come out. We kinda went for broke and ordered a whole bunch of stuff, since we went through so much get a table, and we did not regret it. We got the salmon tartare, smoked trout avocado dip, state bird (quail) with provisions, autumn vegetables, soup with dashi and puffed rice, fried garlic bread with burrata, duck ham, oysters, and the sweet corn pancakes, not to mention the apple gteau and chocolate pudding for dessert. Yeah, we did go overboard, but no regrets at all. My favorite was the state bird with provisions, which had a very unique flavor. It was a bit on the small side for $18, but it was pretty unique, so I'll allow it. The fried garlic bread with burrata was really simple, but delicious and not too greasy. The desserts were both great, with the gteau not being too tart and the chocolate pudding have a very good viscosity and texture, with sprinkled pumpkin seeds. The whole restaurant was just bustling with waiters bringing around dishes and everyone having a grand old time.However, the most crazy part of the experience was near the end of the night, when a group of large Secret Service agents came into the restaurant. We were just about to finish our dessert, and as I peered over to see what was going on, and who else but Hillary Clinton comes in and sits down, just two tables down from our booth. Everyone in the restaurant is a bit too starstruck to say anything or even react, but there's quite a bit of loud murmuring going on in the restaurant. Man, I can only imagine being the waiter for that table. Hoo-wee.Celebrity sightings aside, State Bird Provisions is well worth the wait, due to its well-executed concept and dishes. The prices overall are only okay, but you can sort of determine your own experience by ordering whatever small plates you want. If you can get a reservation ahead of time, I would highly recommend doing so. Overall, the experience and food is very unique, and I'll definitely be back.
I had the good fortune of being taken to dinner there. Wow!!!!! So innovative and flavorful. Wonderful experience.
food was great service was greatwe were seated promptly without making reservationsparking was easy overall a great experience
State Bird, one year later. So I've been to the coveted State Bird, four times for the past year. The first time by far has been the best. The staff is different now, specially the guy at the front, the fact that they are State Bird finally caught up to them.The food is definitely the same, and still very delicious. The size of the pancakes has gone done, but I honestly felt they were way better than before.I think it's time I move on to Progress now.
I've been here 3 times now, and it's still not enough. If you're lucky to grab a spot in this restaurant, come hungry and be prepared to leave extremely satisfied. The second time we booked a reservation 2 months in advance with a party of 6. We had a table to ourselves and were given food off their entire menu. I've never felt such a complete loss of words when I eat here, its simply out of this world. I eat things here that I don't even like usually and every bite is better than the next. One of the dishes was a tomato dish with some quinoa. Now usually i'd stay clear of these, but o.m.g. their chefs work their magic in the kitchen. We ended up getting additional dessert even though we were full because its just that good.Came back again a few months later, because anything more than a few months away from this place is too long. Noticed they didnt have the hen dumplings in their dim sum rotation and we inquired about it. The chef whipped it out and made us a batch, it was stellar!!I can't say enough good things about this restaurant, I wish I could get a monthly membership!
Hard/impossible to get into, but try to do it. It's not big enough of a place to service the hordes trying to get in. The dim sum style is a bit unusual, as you really don't order so much as sit around and wait for carts to come by. But the choices are simple, when something comes by, just say yes no matter what it is. You can rack up a big bill in a hurry, but it's worth it. Also, as long as you're willing to wait, come by much earlier than you plan to eat, get on the list, and then go prowl around nearby for an hour or two (or more), and you can get in. Also, be open to sitting at one of the bars if it's not a big party.
Fanciful and fun, State Bird remains one of my favorite places to take people looking for a fanciful and delicious meal. Every time we go we are delighted by the excellent food, but also by the show. They've really mastered the fun in fine dining!
It's ok. Something to get off your check list in 2014-15 in SF. Interesting American-Japanese fusion food. $40-80 per person.PIA to get a reservation though.
One of our favorite restaurants in SF. We consistently recommend it to our friends too! The food is great and the service is friendly and knowledgeable. It's very easy to rack up a very high bill quickly though.
Tip: get the beretta bead. put it in your face hole. you're welcome.
Unfortunately I did not find the trouble of getting table worth all the hype. For those looking to go....here was my experience/recommendations in getting a table without a reservation. I went on a Monday and showed up a few minutes before 5 pm. I was worried that I would not find the restaurant as other Yelpers noted that the entrance is inconspicuous. Not to worry- I spotted the line of people from a block away. I was the last walk-in available for a party of 2. The next walk-in's needed to wait for the subsequent seatings. With that said, I think that showing up at 4:30 is required for an almost definite walk-in for the 5:30 seating.I would recommend going with at least 4 people. It becomes tempting to want to try everything that they bring by dim sum style. In addition to wanting to order some of the more classics on the regular menu. We definitely made the mistake of over ordering and feeling pretty icky by the time that we left. In our opinion, the must trys:1) Hen dumplings.....the broth is very flavorful!2) Kimchi fried rice a la plancha3) state bird with provisions. The actual meat part for me was ok, but I was a huge fan of the provisions!Should have passed on:1) Burrata- just too heavy. Basically they fry dough, drench it with olive oil & salt and then top it with burrata. All good flavors, but leave you feeling the need for a tums2) Sad to say...the oysters! Just too much extra stuff, like sesame seeds. Took away from the actual experience of eating oysters. 3) We ordered these provolone balls that we were quite excited about. The flavors were good, but they were absolutely cold. We think that the tray had been carted around the restaurant a few times before it got to us. As a take away...I would avoid taking something unless there is a full tray of them. But shame on the restaurant for allowing this.Overall, a unique dining experience with lots of fun, inventive flavors. Just think there are some areas for improvement before I would consider waiting for a table again.
Super friendly staff! They made an amazing meal truly exceptional. Very very very attentive and it was incredibly appreciative.It's a laid back environment. Peg board walls, minimal decor. Sort of feels like a nice arts and crafts room at a school (or a very clean mid-century garage). It also reminded me of julia childs' kitchen which is an incredibly cool touch if intentional.The food was exquisite. I wouldve prefered to have it be menu or the passed around dishes. I didn't like that there was both. It felt overwhelming. It was just two of us and i think this is more of a 5+ kind of place. That way you get everything, try a little of each. I'd absolutely go back. It was phenomenal.
State Bird was the next to last restaurant on my Michelin list dining journey, and sadly that's where it will remain. I didn't go here for the hype, it was simply next on my list. But I did go here tonight for a birthday celebration with the hopes on an amazing meal from a Michelin rated restaurant. Well, it fell short for all of our party of 4.I love the concept, served dim sum style.  We tried 16 different dishes ranging from the state bird itself, pork belly, kimchee fried rice, oysters, burrata garlic bread, lamb and octopus and many more. While all were interesting, it wasn't necessarily in a good way. Most dishes were average but there was not one dish we tried where anyone loved it. It was simply just ok. A lot over over salted dishes, many dishes had flavors that just did not work well together. If we had even one or two redeeming dishes that would have been as much as you could expect, but not one was extraordinary. I don't think it was on off night They had just opened and although we had a reservation they had a line around the corner. Funny we had thought we were lucky to have made a reservation, until we ate. Upon leaving there was no line whatsoever, perhaps the hype has died down. It should speak volumes that we were here for a birthday celebration and we did not stay for dessert. Meh. I've experienced better is completely fitting for our experience at State Bird Provisions.
If you love food and interesting flavor combinations you must give this place a try. Many of the tastes of the evening are served dim sum style which makes sharing fun. The butternut squash Moshi was fantastic.
Really fun restaurant with a variety of unique dishes. I wouldn't recommend the carrot mochi or the kimchi fried rice but everything else was awesome.
I'll admit I was a little skeptical - the 60 day reservation window and the 50+ person line each night for non-reserved tables. I just figured this was another place for hipsters with too much money to spend. Let me just say I was absolutely, positively, pleasantly surprised and totally overwhelmed. Often times, these award-winning foodie's dream places in the Bay just don't live up to expectations (see my Yelp review of French Laundry) but State Bird has it figured out - from the absolutely spectacular food quality and imagination of the dishes to the stellar service to the novel decor and eclectic music. Everything was positively perfect.The comparisons to dim sum from some reviewers is a bit comical though--when I think dim sum, I think generally pedestrian quality Chinese food served by folks with less personality than a school lunch lady (or man). This is no attempt at dim sum. It is Michelin star quality food served on-demand with zero attitude or pretentiousness. The servers are informative without being excessive and take no offense if you turn them away. Oh, I almost forgot about the value. Yes, the bill was $250 for two people, but the quality 100% merits it. The value proposition is very high--they could probably get away with charging twice as much (but please don't tell them that...). All in all, I can't say enough positive things. I think State Bird represents the future generation of fine dining - they're just about 10 years ahead of everyone else.
In light of the long-lasting hype and my underwhelming experience with The Progress, I was really happy to find that State Bird was welcoming and comfortable rather than overly-hip and pretentious. Everything about it is focused on having a good time over good food. I knew we were off to a good start when they were super chill about the fact that I brought a fourth to a 9:30pm reservation for 3 on a Friday. Service continued to be top-notch without a hint of snootyness all evening. The menu is somewhat overwhelming, even when you have enough people to enjoy variety, so it was great that the waiter took the time to enthusiastically tell us about a variety of highlights.The format is really fun. They come around with the specials for the evening dim sum style to supplement the highly shareable dishes you can order off of the usual menu. On the waiter's advice, we opted for a combination. I enjoyed seeing and hearing about the specials even when we didn't order them.Everything we ate was awesome. It was accessible yet interesting, with a lot of neat flavors and ingredient combinations. With four of us, we were able to sample quite a variety of dishes and not a one disappointed. I expected a bunch of self-important techies to be prominent among the clientele so was happy there was a more authentic and happily lively vibe.After the lovely evening with great friends during which I had eaten to my heart's content and we had each had a couple of glasses of wine, I expected my portion of the bill to be over $100 so was pleasantly surprised to find that it was around $80. All around one of my favorite dining experiences in the city - and a great value!
I wasn't able to secure reservations (you need to try exactly 60 days in advance at midnight, I heard), so I went in line around 4 p.m. on a Thursday - there were already at least 15 ppl in front of me. Waited until 5:30 and could have gotten seated right away for a party of two, but my friend couldn't make it until later, so I got a reservation for 7:30. I killed some time at the Japanese Center nearby since State Bird doesn't have a bar (they only serve soft liquor anyway). We did get seated promptly at our time, though. It was odd bc some tables were empty, so maybe they don't like to keep them filled all the time? Service was okay - though the guy we assumed was our main waiter (later we learned you can order from anyone who comes by) never came to check up on us. Kinda lackluster service considering the Michelin star rating I like that the atmosphere is laid back and casual, but I don't think the service should be the same way. Food was not as good as the reviews made it out to be. Maybe our standards were too high, but both of us said we wouldn't return (ESP after waiting 3.5 hours)! We ordered:-Israeli Cous Cous ($8) - This came with ham and fried thin onions. I liked it, but my friend isn't a fan of cous cous. Had a creamy sauce and was served cold (on purpose).-Kim Salmon ($12) - This was a small bowl of raw king salmon served with toasty quinoa and picked turnip. It was good, and I really liked the crunchy quinoa.-Guanciala Chawanmushi ($6) - This is an egg dish with a piece of pork. Not my cup of tea.-Crispy Pork Belly ($14) - This was a bit of a disappointment. The pork belly was not that crispy and came in a vinaigrette sour sauce. Bowl was small, too.-Hog Island Oysters ($3 each) - Fresh, but we weren't a fan of the kimchee that came with it. -Cornish Game Hen Dumpling ($5) - We split this. The broth tasted like black licorice (maybe star anise) and the dumpling was too gamey for me. I didn't like it.-Snapper Collar - This was good, but it's something I can get at a lot of Japanese izakaya places. Had a nice sake, sugar, and soy sauce mix.-Beef Tongue Toast ($5) - We split this, too. Tongue was tender but nothing great.-Beef Tartare Toast ($4) - We also split this one. It had a nice flavor and the toast was covered in sesame. I liked this one better than the beef tongue.-State Bird ($9 for half) - Came with two pieces in a sort of sour broth. I loved this dish. Something about the broth was delicious, along with the cooked onions. Chicken batter had a nice flavoring to it, too.-Ice Cream Sandwich - These were delicious! The ice cream was atypical and was very light and fluffy - sort of like frozen whipped cream. The cookie was chewy and so good. They give you four large pieces, too. At least our bill wasn't too bad. It was about $55 pp and we were full. Overall, disappointed with the experience and bummed the food didn't blow me away at all.
I don't remember the last time I tried so hard to secure reservations at a restaurant. So you can imagine how happy I was when my foodie friend invited us to tag onto his reservations he had already secured. The first thing you'll notice when you walk in is how fun and playful the interior looks. It's fairly casual and there is so much hustle and bustle with waiters carrying around trays of food and of course every single seat occupied by a customer."Provisions" are small bites they will bring around on hand held trays(think Dim Sum style). "Pancakes/Toasts", "Commandables", and "Desserts" all have to be ordered.As the food began to come around, I felt myself almost drooling since I have heard so many rave comments about their New American/Asian Fusion dishes. As I began to try a few, I could feel myself feeling almost indifferent about what I was tasting. Don't get me wrong, the food is delish but it wasn't the blow me away feeling I was expecting. My partner and I agreed the Guinea hen dumpling, Pork Belly citrus salad, and the ice cream sandwiches were our favorites and this was out of about 15 dishes I had tasted.Pricing is reasonable and service is pretty good considering how busy busy this place gets. All in all, I would hesitate to come back anytime soon because like I have said in many of my past reviews, the competition in SF is super fierce and my dining opportunities are precious, so I will pass for now.
Totally lived up to the hype! (Unlike most "hot" SF restos)Atmosphere was...normal. Not overly fancy or trendy, a pretty laid back vibe.The food was mostly excellent, except for a few dishes (burrata and liver mousse). Service was good but spotty (ordered dishes took a looong time, lulls in limited dim-sum carts coming by), but overcome by the fantastic food.Ordered dishes: The State Bird w/Provisions was a perfectly fried quail with vinegary-onion "provisions" that taste like a Lays sour cream & onion chip, in a very good way. We also ordered the red snapper (perfectly cooked and delicious) and kung pao beef tongue/sweetbreads, which was tasty though a little light on actual meat.Dim Sum style dishes: There were a number of veggie dim-sum style dishes that were amazing, like a fresh pea dish with a light goat cheese that was perfect (and I generally dislike peas). Weirdly, everyone on yelp recommends the burrata with garlic bread - this was the worst thing we ate, bland and huge (taking room from other, interesting dishes). The duck liver mousse was pretty good (I usually love it), but lacked balance when served with sweet "biscuits", which were basically cookies - just putting mushy sweet on more mushy sweet. The dumplings (guinea hen?) were outstanding, bursting with umami, and we should have ordered 10 but didn't know what else we'd be missing...Which leads me to a couple of things that bothered me about this place: At dim sum, you generally know what will be coming around, so you can pick what you want. Here, it's not clear for a first-timer what dishes will be available, so you don't know what or how much to order. Also, at one point there was a big lull between carts of dim-sum type food, and our ordered food hadn't come out, so we went like 20min without food in a dim-sum place!In general, though, awesome, will definitely return.
Living up to the hype. Get in if you can and try everything.
Made reservation a few months ago for party of 8. We had high expectation for this place since it just got their 1 Michelin star, and the review were awesome. I arrived about 10 mins early and were seated immediately.  I must say the services were very friendly. sine we were so excited about this place, we ordered the tasting menu for everyone just so that we can try everything. The food came pretty quickly and there were some food carts pushing around which we did got an extra item from the food cart, the beef tartart. The beef tartart was good but the rice torilla so large and crispy that when you break that chips to scoop the beef, the chips falls every where and it was messy. Other small dishes weren't very impressive but the red trout was tasty. The desserts were too sweet. They add so much suger like they free. My friends and I believe this place is completely over rated.
State Bird Provisions is definitely a San Francisco experience. After five years in the city I finally made it here, after hearing it mentioned numerous times by friends and acquaintances. It was actually a bit of a fluke that we ended up here - we were hunting for a place to eat with some family in town, and there was a reservation slot open the next day (Tuesday) at 7:30pm. Unheard of! Someone must have canceled? Even with the reservation we had to wait about 30 minutes to be seated - but I wasn't complaining, feeling very lucky we were there at all. On top of that, they gave us a round of champagne on the house while we waited. Classy move :)The menu here is ever-changing and I don't remember all of what we ordered, because we ordered so darn many things - but I do remember that all were absolutely divine. We tried the quail eggs, peas with creme fraiche, steak tar tar toast, broccoli & cheddar pancake, smoked trout dip, artichoke potato fritters, and a number of other things. I can't say what was my favorite because everything was equally good. The bill for the five of us was about $300 before tip (which did include at least one drink per person). Expect a light wallet when you leave, but definitely give State Bird a try if you ever have the chance!
Decided to brave the long wait just to try State Bird Provisions on a Saturday night without making a reservation. We arrived at 4:30 to wait in line for an hour to put our name down on the list. We just missed the cutoff for the first round to be seated! The host asked if we could come back at 9:45 pm and this was for a party of 3! So we put our name down and went next door, The Progress, to grab drinks but I think that's the same plan everyone who was waiting for State Bird did. The Progress was packed in the bar area, so we went to other bars to occupy our time. We finally got the text message that our table was ready at 9:30 =)We ordered many dishes just so we could try them all out. I may have missed some...sourdough, sauerkraut, pecorino & ricotta pancakegrilled asparagus, black trumpet aioli & gruyre toastgarlic bread with burrataguinea hen dumpling with aromatic brothgreen garlic-steak tartare caesar toastduck liver mousse with almond biscuit hog island oyster, spicy kohlrabi kraut & sesamered trout, mandarin, hazelnut-garum vinaigrettestate bird with provisionsshiitake mushroom & duck 'fried rice' a la planchalemon curd 'ice cream' sandwich, coconut macaron, rhubarb jam, long pepper butter mochi custard, lardy rye crust, roasted strawberriesService was quick considering how busy the restaurant was and the waiters/waitresses were very helpful with food selections. Many of the "provisions" are served dim sum style. The portions are definitely small bites and the prices are per piece. The food was good, but we were expecting much much more unfortunately. Definitely glad we got to check out the restaurant, but not sure if it's worth the wait again.
This place deserves a solid 4 stars for their signature namesake dish alone - the fried quail was so juicy, I actually liked the breast more than the thigh (which never happens). Other highlights: best roasted bone marrow I've ever had - came with pink peppercorns and mushrooms, fresh country bread and little dish of sea salt flakes. Pork belly - Cantonese salt and pepper style preparation, super juicy and moist with a nice lightly spiced crunch. Perfect with the plums and vinaigrette sauce it came with. Rye ice cream sandwich with macaroon cookie on the outside, manchego cheese and brittled nuts - absolutely to die for and super unique.Mushroom toast, corn brie toast, and the duck liver mousse with almond biscuits were great too.Several of the other dishes were straight up disappointments - dry spiced beef was overcooked and dry and veggie crudits with white bean anchovy dip was super bland - pls add some Meyer lemon or something. Had this amazing 2005 Rioja so def check out the wine here!Really enjoyed the meal but doesn't quite live up to the inflated hype and surprised about the 1 Michelin star.
Dim Sum? I love Dim Sum!"American" Dim Sum? I love "American" Dim Sum!Tapas? I love Tapas!"American" Tapas? I love "American" Tapas!Small Plates...yada yada yada...Five Stars.
I went for my birthday last night. It was by far one of the best restaurants I have ever visited and I have traveled to 37 countries and 49 states. Ive eated at places like Nahm in Bangkok and State Provisions was better. I cant stop thinking about everything I had especially the pork belly, eggplant pancakes, and Bravata... but everything was amazing.
this place is sooooo OVER RATED!!!First of all, if it takes proximately 2 months in advance to make a reservation for only 2 people, it better be damn good. But i guess not everyone's tastebuds can agree on the difference between EDIBLE OK to exceptional good. The food is served "dimsum style". basically guys/gals go around in carts with food and you pick which one you like. here's my review:SPICY KIMCHI YUBA: a NASTY mistake. they tried to infuse kimchi with salad and over easy egg, with tofu skins. We got this dish first and we didnt finish it. I didnt even taste kimchi on this dish. KUNG PAO BEEF SWEETBREAD:  again, disappointment here. There were only about 4-5 little breaded pieces of meat, and i mean smaller than the size of quickly's popcorn chicken. they added so much slices of onions as fillers for this dish. the flavor was good, but other than that i felt like i was eating a plate full of sauteed onions.RAW OYSTERS: good and fresh, however the seasonings and condiments they put on top of the oysters were OVER POWERING.. salty wise.We have ordered about 10 small tapa plates. I liked 3 out of all of them. the ones i like were:foie gras spread with small little cornbread like muffins.smoked salmon dip with salsa and guacamole comes with chips on the sideraw beef tartar on toasted bread.Sadly, i will not go here again. It was a disapointment. The other thing i didnt like about this place is: when you say NO to the server as they come with food, they give you a weird look, or they try to persuade you to take the food. lastly, they were serving some dish like : steamed peas, or sauteed asparagus. how did these simple foods come about to this so called highly recommended restaurant??
Before you even look at the below, you must make a reservation well in advance!_what we ordered:- Chips and trout salsa: a great starter and delicious combo of flavors- Duck liver mousse and biscuits: great for the liver lovers. The biscuits were cute bites of yum!- Pork belly salad- Green garlic-steak tartare Caesar toast: crunchy delight! Great garlic kick!- Beef tongue & horseradish-buckwheat pancake- Dumpling guinea hen w 5 spice: this was probably one of your favorites! There were so many different flavors working in concert w each other. - Garlic bread and beretta cheese: this was the finisher. The bread expanded in my stomach instantaneously making the food baby very apparent. 2 can share 1. _service/atmosphere:There was so much energy in this restaurant. We were lucky to sit at the bar right in front of the kitchen! We got a lot of attention and all the cooks were eager to explain the details of every dish. I have a feeling they enjoyed seeing our facial expressions when sinking our teeth into their masterpieces. _parkingThere's parking all around the area and being from LA I was pleasantly surprised I didn't have to pay for the meter!
Not impressed. And I'm sure SBP does not give a damn. I think I'm still getting used to fine dining here. It isn't even fine dining, it's that California cool, casual dining with super fresh ingredients blah blah blah. When did family style become a thing? I don't like passing around dishes like I'm at some American Thanksgiving... but I think that is just me. That being said there were some real knockout dishes: the best dish, surprisingly, was the tomato salad. I don't know what they put in the tomatoes to create a nice crispy texture on the inside but it was so damn good. The first dish, the oyster had a similar thing going on with some crispy stuff to play on textures. There were some dishes that I can see people from SF going gaga for and people from NY just shrugging at. For example the guacamole mixed with trout. I'm sure it was called avocado something something but it tasted like guacamole with trout and I wasn't blown away. The only other dish I can remember besides desserts was lamb with figs or something and I remember thinking the lamb was cooked well and it was tasty as hell. Not gamey at all and subtle in how refined the dish was. Finally, standouts were the ice cream sandwich - super delicious, nice meringue-y texture, and the house soda which was fizzy water with cucumber? Mint? Maybe some other greens but it was so good. I've heard it is impossible to get reservations and I just went along with a party that happened to have reservations. I can't imagine waiting 2 hours in line for that meal though... SBP actually scared me off into passing on my Lazy Bear tickets to a friend because I'm just not the biggest fan of that style of food. Still, SBP for sure makes honest, tasty food and has super friendly, enthusiastic servers that can make a grouch like me a bit happier. I think it is personal preference and I can understand why people give it a screaming 5 stars.
Can someone please explain to me the hype of this place and their ridiculous reservation policy? The food is decent but overpriced for the portion sizes. They try to be like a dim sum restaurant by pushing around their food on a cart but they haven't mastered how to keep the food warm like us Chinese people have. I'm just tired of how Americans used to be think other cultures were weird and now the hipsters keeps ripping off everyone's different food cultures and then jacking up the price for normal things that we have been eating for centuries. Don't even get me started...
I went here on a week night at 9pm with a party of 12. We were able to make our reservation about a month prior. So, things worked out well for us.Visiting on a weeknight made parking easy, too... though some of us opted to use Uber to play it safe.Given how hard it is to get a table, especially on weekends, there are a number of sites that offer common sense tips including Zagat's guide below:zagat.com/b/san-franciscFor parties of 6 or more, SBP offers a fixed price menu. We had what must have been 20 dishes that ranged from very good to out of this world. The dishes kept coming at just the right intervals to keep us satisfied with a good selection while curious about what was just around the corner.Among the dishes were creative works of art and deelish! Among our favorites were...smoked trout-avocado 'chip & dip'duck liver mousse with almond biscuitgarlic bread (more like a popover) with burratakimchi fried ricestate bird (fried quail in a heavenly lemon pickled onion sauce)shishito stuffed peppers with goat cheese (with just the right kick)pecorino and ricotta pancakeheart of palm saladService was excellent. Staff frequently checked in on us and kept the food and water coming.
So this review is super late and has been in my review drafts for months so here it is! Hell yeah I woke my ass up 4 in the morning 2 months prior my April 25th reservations at State Bird Provisions! Decided to have my sister's birthday dinner here and was down to try this place out. We arrived and was seated at the perfect location where we had natural lighting making our photos look good! I saved that day's menu and here's what we had: Guinea hen dumpling Duck & fontina croquettesGarlic bread burrataSpicy steak tartare (Favorite) Smoked trout avocado 'Chip & Dip" (Favorite) Hamachi-avocado & seaweed cracker (Favorite)Pork Belly blood orange saladRed Trout, mandarin, hazelnut-garum vinaigrette Roasted Bone Barrow with mushrooms and pink peppercornDesserts:Blood orange mint granita, creme fraiche honey mousse & fennelJosey Baker & Chocolate Bao, Saffron Custard, Roasted StrawberriesEverything was delicious (except for the Chocolate Bao Dessert) and noted my favorites above. Service was friendly except for the first guy that came around to our table. He was kind of impatient with us. I'd recommend making reservations but you have the patience to wait, go right ahead. This place is totally worth going to if you are into tapas style food.
American food served Dim Sum style is awesome! Please make a reservation! The place tiny but the food is deliciously big on flavor. I'll be back (in my Arnold voice)
I came here on a whim without a reservation and waited two and a half hours for a table for three. It wasn't a big issue for us since we weren't super hungry at the time, but now that I reflect back I realize it was kind of a waste of time. Definitely get a reservation. If you do decide to wait, the line pretty much starts at or before 4:30pm.The restaurant is American dim sum style so there is a menu that you can order off of and then they bring around trays and carts that have dishes that are not on the menu that you can order. The food and flavors were innovative and fresh but nothing was extremely impressive. We tried 13 dishes and of those I'd recommend:- garlic bread with burrata- chanterelle toast- CA state bird provision (fried quail)- salmon belly with maple glaze- bacon chawanmushi (steamed egg)- asian pear granita with ginger tapioca & blackberry; the granita is like a shaved ice texture which was tart and light- whatever ice cream sandwich they have when you go; for us it was the lemon cocoa nib with strawberries & yogurt, sooo good and beautiful presentationThe other dishes, we thought were just okay or too salty or too oily. Sadly service wasn't the best for us; the girl who brought our drinks looked very unhappy, our waiter was a little difficult to flag down and we felt like we were waiting a while for certain dishes to come out. Overall, I enjoyed my meal here and it's definitely worth a try but maybe the bar was set too high because I wasn't blown away.
This place has been on list of places to try for a long time. Was it delicious? Yes. Was the service impeccable? Yes. Was it worth the price of admission? HECK Yes. If you are able to score a reservation here, or are willing to wait in line, you must go! And order everything under the sun because who knows when you'll have an opportunity to come back.We had a table for four and stuffed ourselves silly on the following:+ Duck liver mousse with almond biscuits (yummy if you like pate)+ Sausage and potato fondue (i'm not a fan of potatoes, but my sister loved this)+ Asparagus + Burrata on a donut puff pastry + Duck fried rice (a little greasy but delicious)+ Trout (perfectly cooked)+ Palm salad (really yummy - must try)+ State bird + Trout mouse avocado tomato pure with chips (chips and dip) -- this was my fav!+ Oysters+ Pork belly citrus mint jalapeo + Potato takoyaki with shrimp n bonito + Beets with goat cheese (cheese was pungent, just the way I like it)+ Savory egg custard pork belly shiitake sriracha + Shiitaki lemon dumpling with a chicken soup flavored with five spice, ginger, and onions + Lemon custard ice cream sandwiches (Must try!)Everything was delicious and the service was great. The servers share all the tables and were extremely friendly and knowledgeable about all the dishes. I can't wait to try The Progress, the sister restaurant around the corner.
Friend scored us reservations @ 5:30 on a Tues. Yay! First impressions: Ambiance, concept, friendly-peppy staff, food presentation are what makes this place great. Like other reviewers (Kyle, Merica, Huey) were on point. saying the food was just 'ok'. Some good flavors, nothing wow, nor worth repeating....sigh. Lots of great components but thought it was overly "deconstructed" food with nothing to bring it all together. For me, the standout dish was freshly made chips and smoked salmon -avocado dip which was disappointing as i thought the highlight dish State Bird Provision Quail would knock our socks off..afterall, its fried, other yelpers rave about it and heck, its namesake...but we all agreed it was 'ok'...place is loud, trendy, with all the pretty dishes passing, you'll get drawn into ordering lots and end up with a pricey tab. Glad we tried and something we can cross off the list...onto the next place!
After waiting three months to get a reservation for dinner on a Sunday night, I'm left puzzled about all the hype around this restaurant since I heard it was recognized as the Best New Restaurant in 2013 and has a Michelin star rating.No, this is not a unique or new concept. Chinese people have been serving dim sum this way for decades. They serve food dim sum style with carts pushed to your tables or brought out on trays and you can also some items off their short menu. There are also plenty of tapas restaurants around too. It's definitely not your average dim sum/small plates but a fusion of different flavors.The items we ordered were hit or miss. I was a bit underwhelmed with the selection. We ordered the following:- Pork belly- Potato dumpling and duck tongue pastrami- Egg custard with mushroom and bacon- CA State Bird with Provisions (fried quails)- Lamb shank pierogi- Ham style duck breast- Young green peanut falafels- Fried garlic bread- Homemade ice cream sandwiches (melon ice cream, ginger coconut milk, Asian pear, and Shiso)My favorites for the night were the lamb shank pierogi, green peanut falafel and the ice cream sandwhich. I hear the outside of the ice cream sandwiches were made with crushed macarons. Even making reservations ahead of time, we weren't able to find a seating time until 8pm on a Sunday night. There were people who even came and dined alone since the wait time was more acceptable that way. The food itself was on the pricer side for such small portions. I think this may be a one time experience for me. I have so many places I still want to try still in SF.
Love! Love! Love it here! Asian fusion tapas served a la dim sum. A MUST-TRY restaurant if visiting SF! On a very short list of restaurants that I would return to on subsequent trips to San Francisco! Swan Oyster Depot is another... A busy, trendy restaurant, reservations can be booked online 60 days out. Tip for the Hawaii folks: New dates open up exactly at 12am PST (10pm Hawaii time). Change your computer's time ahead so that it is PST or the OpenTable system won't allow you to book at 12am PT.What makes here 5 stars? Unique experience, delish food, stellar service, reasonable price!Unique experience. Tapas on the menu available to order; in addition, servers are constantly wheeling around with platters of off the menu goodies! You can view the food while receiving detailed descriptions of the items. The server--being good salespersons--will have you salivating!Delish food. My group unconsciously selected a myriad of tapas--just grabbed any that came our way--and we were pleasantly delighted with nearly all of them. Each offering was quickly devoured/inhaled! Good stuff! Food definitely tastes better when the entire table is high on life! Our favorite was the steak tartare (the only tapas we ordered extras of..) The duck fried rice was another winner... Just try them all, folks!Stellar service. The servers with the platters were outgoing & great people persons. For the presentation to work, the servers need charisma and engage with us, the paying customers. All of the servers were uber friendly (esp ours, forgot the young miss' name--forgive me) and extremly accomodating!   Reasonable price. Sans our bottle of wine, our bill came out to approx. $40 per person. Very affordable for a dining experience of this caliber!TRUST ME AND COME HERE! BOOKMARK NOW!
I made another reservation to state bird before even going to my first reservation because I was supposed to go on a date. Oh well, it happens. They were running a bit late on a Friday night and some people were complaining. The manager and host were trying to get everyone who had a reservation in; however it was a bit difficult. There were some people that probably drank a bit too much and getting on their case about. It was a shame that those people are so mean for something that wasn't in their control. Anyways, normally bar seating is reserved for people who waited in the long line, but it was offered to us from the host so definitely took advantage of that. Last time I sat at a table and different experience sitting at the bar - definitely a great one. Try and sit at the bar if possible. Also fun to look at the cute chefs while sitting at the bar. We ordered some of the same things I had last time but some new things:-Duck Liver Mousse-Guinea Hen Dumpling-Pork Belly-Potato Puff-State Bird with Provisions-Duck Fried Rice-Ice Cream Sandwich Out of the dishes we got, the only thing I didnt get before was the duck fried rice and the ice cream sandwich. The duck fried rice was pretty good, but definitely not amazing as some of the other dishes we could have gotten. The ice cream sandwiches though? Amazing! Definitely a to-do for desserts. So good. The cocoa nibs add this wonderful crunch, but the creaminess of the ice cream is so good. Overall, great restaurant. Love it! Probably one of my faves. (bring me here if you want me to love you)Protip: get reservations. get some food. eat it. love it.
I don't normally write reviews after eating at a place once, but State Bird deserves it! I had SO MUCH fun here! It's so quirky and adorable! We went to their sister restaurant, The Progress, right before (yes, this was a second dinner) and I must say, State Bird wins HANDS DOWN! The Progress is more typical fine dining style but State Bird is just so funky~First off, it's american style dim sum. That's right, they go around with these beautiful little dishes enticing you, each plate going for about $4-$12. Unfortunately, one of items that do NOT go around are desserts. Turns out they tried it before and it just didn't work. I guess people like their desserts fresh. We had oysters, chawanmushi, duck liver mousse with butter bread, and a few other small items I can't recall. Even though this place isn't fancy-smancy (we're talking women wearing jeans and sneakers) this place has a Michellin star. And well-deserved, I must say. The ambience is like a gastro pub but the food is like a 5 star restaurant. What a contrast! Not to mention all the waiters look like the Brawny guy. Hipster fine dining? Also, this place is surprisingly small, slightly smaller than your average 7/11. Reservations, reservations, reservations! Ironically enough, I was one of the few who didn't get reservations. We actually popped in here for dessert at 10:30PM (they close at 11PM) because I so badly wanted to check this place out. As luck would have it (and on Valentine's day too!) someone had just cancelled. BUT if this were not the case, it'd have been a 3 hour wait (no reservations-they accept walk ins but that's the typical wait time) or 2 month advance reservation. *NOTE: No spirits (hard alcohol), wine and beer only.
10 months later, my 2nd visit to State Birds was just as amazing as the first. This time, I had a reservation for a Tuesday at 7:15, and was prompted seated upon arrival. I was surprised; out of all the dishes I had this time, only the duck liver mousse was a repeat between this meal and my last. And I had another friend who went about a month ago, and almost all of the dimsum style dishes were different than what she had when she went. They do a really good job of switching up the menu. Some highlights of the meal:From the menu-green garlic steak tartare caesar toast-beef tongue & horseradish-buckwheat pancake-don watson's lamb with cumin, squid, shishitos, and datesDimsum style-smoked trout and avocado mashed together into a dip, served with potato chips-braised cherries with some kind of butter (this was my fav dish of the whole meal!)-duck liver mousse with almond biscuitsDessert-'world peace' peanut muscovado milkBoth my friend and I absolutely adored the world peace peanut muscovado milk....it's only $2 per shot. PLEASE do yourself a favor and order this when you go...it's so delicious and peanut-y!! This might have been my friend's favorite part of the whole meal.All in all, another delicious meal at State Birds for less than $70 per person. You can't go wrong with this place :)
After a pair a gastronomical visits, State Bird Provisions has lived up to the hype for me. When you dine solo, it feels like you're getting attacked left and right with all these culinary creations that it is hard to refuse to try anything. First visit:As you probably have heard, this place serves their food with a dim sum joint atmosphere. Most of the time you'll see servers come out with a tray or cart with their Provisions, which are kind of like their daily specials since they're not on their standard menu. Cart of Provisions -- bit.ly/1kWYDxILuckily for me, they had me seated at the chefs counter so I got to see firsthand how everything was made and prepared. It was really an awesome time watching the chefs in action. -- bit.ly/1nf1znx It's pretty entertaining seeing these dishes take shape -- bit.ly/1nf1kZCBasically the menu is divided into four parts:Pancakes: Mini griddle cakes, mostly savory, which you can mix and matchCommandables: These are the big plates and are their house specialties. Desserts: No explanation needed for this =)Provisions: As explained earlier these can be considered to be their daily specials. This section of the menu is left blank because they always have different items coming out of the kitchen and many are seasonal.And now onto the gallery of food and as you can see from my first visit, I overindulged:Beef Tartare -- bit.ly/1nf1mk1Beef Tartare closeup. -- bit.ly/1lr12C0Raw Oyster with spicy kohlrabi kraut & sesame -- bit.ly/1lr0P1yMushroom farro spezzato with whipped ricotta-- bit.ly/1nf1rUSGarlic Bread w/ Burrata -- bit.ly/1nf1K2bPreparing the Porcini & Duck 'Fried Rice' -- bit.ly/1lr1pN1Porcini & Duck 'Fried Rice' -- bit.ly/1nf1GPNStone ground whole grain 'shortstack' w/ Smoked Duck, Pecans, Fiscalini, & Maple-Vinegar -- bit.ly/1nf1QqxCA State Bird with Provisions -- bit.ly/1lr25C7Cocoa Nib-Matcha Panna Cotta, White Chocolate Crunch, Berries & Plums -- bit.ly/1nf1UXc'World Peace' - peanut muscovado milk -- bit.ly/1nf1ZdxWhile everything was good, my favorites out of that bunch were definitely the Duck Pancakes, the Garlic Bread with Burrata, and the CA State Bird. Dessert was amazing too. The Panna Cotta was paired well with the Peanut Milk shot. Overall the whole dinner experience there was awesome!Second visit:So luck just came to me that right after I came home from my dinner at SBP, I managed to score another RSVP for another 2 months. Menu for 8/13/14 -- bit.ly/1kCStodHere's the thing with my second visit. I basically tried to try things that I didn't cover my last trip. But in doing so, I ended ordering even MORE than my first visit!! It's really hard to restrain yourself, especially when you're sitting at the chefs counter and watching them create the dishes from scratch. It's a great show when you put your order in for the Commandables and then watch them take shape in the kitchen.Here's the gallery from night two:Guanciale Chawanmushi -- bit.ly/1mLlGZFDuck Liver Mousse with almond biscuit-- bit.ly/1mLlObsKing Salmon Tartare with fermented turnips -- bit.ly/1kCSBEfBacon-Curry w/ Crispy Beef Sweetbreads & pickled squash -- bit.ly/1kCSGYpCA State Bird with Provisions -- bit.ly/1mLm8XRGarlic Bread Burrata -- bit.ly/1mLmeyHDuck and Maitake Fried Rice -- bit.ly/1mLmjCgChocolate Truffle Rice Pudding w/ blackberries, pear, hazelnuts and 'World Peace' Peanut Milk Shot -- bit.ly/1kCSW9WI pretty much ordered a lot of things from my last visit, but with a few additions. The Duck Liver Mousse was really tasty with the biscuits and the King Salmon Tartare was great. But what made the night for me was the Bacon Curry with Crispy Beef Sweetbreads and Pickled Squash. Next to the duck pancakes, I think this is my next favorite dish. It was sweet and smokey from the bacon, salty from the sweetbreads, spicy from curry, and tart from the squash. It was really amazing balance of flavors!State Bird Provisions has become a new favorite restaurant of mine and ranks up there with my favorite restaurants in SF. The food is great, the atmosphere is lively, and chefs and staff are very friendly and enthusiastic. And lucky me again, I've managed to score another RSVP for another 2 months! Definitely looking forward to it!
This restaurant is very modern like and you order dishes by carts- just like a Chinese dim sum place! It's fun if you have a group and remember to make sure you have a reservation before coming in! However, the noise level here is kind of loud so you won't be able to have peaceful dining. Great food after all. Will be back with friends!
I came to State Bird Provisions with a group of 8 for a birthday party. To book a larger party, there's a fork on the website. We booked the table a couple months in advance, and it was well worth it!For a the group, we decided to go with the set menu, which was a great idea. The dim sum style of this restaurant is cool, but choosing a bunch of small plates with 8 people is difficult. Having a set menu and price with a bigger group was awesome because we had a 4 course dinner with soooo much food!!! No one left hungry at all. Each of the 4 courses had a few dishes included, so I felt like we got to try everything. I am still drooling over those freshly baked bread knots with burrata on top.I especially loved how accommodating they were to eating restrictions. I don't eat shellfish, and for the first dish of oysters, I was given the cutest little veggie and cheese bowl that was delicious. I also received another little dish because there was shrimp paste in another plate. I would love to come back here with just another person to check out the carts and choose what I eat! It seems like the best way to get in is to bring a book and a snack, then wait in line at 4pm for a table.
definitely on the top 3 of the best meals of 2015. pictures will replace my words here (plus read all the other great reviews). James beard award and Michelin star recipients for good reason. inventive, changing menu. great concept. good people. second to none ingredients. simply perfect.
Overall, I had a great experience here. I arrived to a restaurant with no signage indicating I was in the right spot, but walked into a lively ambiance.We ordered several dishes - the standouts for me were the following:-Almond Biscuits with Liver Mousse - a popular item for other diners, this was excellent...slightly sweet with a rich earthiness, this was a great dish.-Smoked Trout/Avocado/Salsa "Dip" - It doesn't look pretty when it arrives, but this dish was also really good - very savory smoked trout and the subtle flavor yet rich texture from the guacamole and the fresh and bright flavors from the salsa made this a great dish. It arrived with fresh potato chips, which were perfect for the dip. -Beef Tongue with Buckwheat Pancakes - wow, this arrived really looking like tongue! The tongue was fine, but with the buckwheat pancakes it was another great blend of savory and slightly sweet and interesting textures. -Kimchi Yuba Primavera - a very unique dish, it was like having a pasta dish, but with kimchi as the main savory sauce...really unique and very good. It was fairly spicy and I appreciated that.-Pork Belly Pluot Salad - For someone who usually doesn't eat pork, I was impressed with this dish - crispy on the outside, tender on the inside, the pork pieces were excellent and perfectly seasoned...the pluots added nice, bright flavors.-Pork Fried Rice - another great dish that was rich and flavorful...lots of different textures, but they all worked together to make a great dish.-Red Trout with Hazelnuts and Vinaigrette - this was a good dish...crispy skin with unique flavor and texture from the hazelnuts.A few dishes that weren't so fantastic to me were the following:-Crudits - this tasted really simple and uninspired...it tasted plain and something you could get anywhere. -Charred Octopus - the flavors were pretty good, but not fantastic-Savory Custard - this was an interesting dish topped with pork/bacon...it was tasty enough, but not something I'd go back for.We had a couple of desserts and those were impressive too:-Cinnamon Coconut Ice Cream Sandwiches with Blueberry Compote - cold and perfect, these were a great bite-size way to end the meal...perfectly sweet with nice textures.-"World Peace" Peanut Milk - a really great way to have a palate cleanser, this was a subtlety sweet, rich milk with strong peanut flavor...I really enjoyed it. It's a popular item and something I would definitely come back for.This is such a unique place and I can see why it's popular. Typically one really has to go through hurdles to get in here, but the food itself is very creative and worth trying.
Sit at the bar if you can. I love the concept and I've been several times. There's always such a great mix of new bites and old favorites and I've never left unsatisfied. The chefs are all awesome and so accommodating. Great atmosphere and I would highly recommend a night out at State Bird Provisions if ever you have the opportunity.
Literally as good as it gets.A fantastic little/great restaurant where every waiter will tease you with a tray full of unforgettable little bits. And you'll order more like there's no tomorrow.My personal favorite was a little soup that had more flavor in it than anything else I've tasted in recent times. But it's hard to name favorites: everything we tried that amazing night was delicious. Also: good service, good atmosphere, nice understated and yet pleasant decor, etc. I'd go back today, if I could.
I've been wanting to try this place out for the longest time! Finally got a chance to check it out last night.I was expecting the restaurant to be dark...i don't know why. But when we got in (we had a 9:30pm reservation), I was pleasantly surprised to see the restaurant bright, bustling and had a laid back feel. We sat down and they explained that it is dim sum style where carts and trays come around, but you can also order some items from the menu.Here's what we had (the ones with * were my faves!):hog island oyster, spicy kohlrabi kraut & sesame *guinea hen dumpling with aromatic broth english peas, horseradish crme frache with carrot chips *duck liver mousse with almond biscuit *pork belly citrus salad *butter clam tempura with grilled ramp remoulade *snacking pork with apple mostarda *potato, shellfish & pickled nori porridge smoked trout-avocado 'chip & dip' CA state bird with provisions *red trout, mandarin, hazelnut-garum vinaigrette mushroom & pork 'fried rice' a la plancha'kung pao' beef sweetbreads with bacon, nuts & seeds mimosa granita, honey yogurt mousse, mint gele, kumquat cocoa nib crme caramel, madeira fudge, rice-fennel crunch, matchaI enjoyed all the dishes and felt satisfied at the end. For me, it was worth the wait to eat here. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who loves food. I went in with an open mind and told myself try as many things as I could. Not only did each dish look beautiful, they all tasted amazing.
It's got all the necessary foundations of a 5 stars restaurant, Performance of the dishes is high level, service was perfect, concept of serving nice and special, very unusual use of flavors and raw materials, which can be very interesting but sometimes it's just a bit too much... (do not miss the duck liver mouse together with the financiers - my high light of the evening..)
Don't understand the hype and the absurd wait. Pretty much ordered everything on the menu and nothing was good.
Really solid meal. Surprisingly inexpensive, since we had assumed that all restaurants that are hard to get reservations at are typically $200/head after drinks. We had more around $100/head (with several rounds of sake/beer + more food than other tables around us with more people).FOODState Bird: YUM. Find me every quail and FRY THEM ALL. If early Californians had discovered how delicious these little birds were, we'd have an extinct state bird. I honestly kind of wonder how the San Francisco "birds" (pigeons and seagulls, namely) would taste fried as well. These tasty morsels are served on a bed of onions and... Parmesan cheese? Either way, really really tasty.Quail Eggs: Also fantastic. I think I really have it out for quails but this dish is wonderfully creamy but has sweetness from all the extra nut/berry additions. Snacking Pork: Crispy little bits of pork. I liked it better than the pork belly, which was shocking to me.Pork Belly: Lightly fried pork belly. 'Nuff said. Potato, Shellfish, and Pickled Nori: I loved this dish. I've gotten really into seafood lately. There are crispy bits of pickled seaweed in this broth filled with chewy seafood. Orange granita dessert: Some sort of alcoholic jelly over yogurt. Very light, low-guilt but delicious dessert.Non-standouts:Hog Island Oysters: Good. I kind expected to like them more than raw fresh oysters, but I didn't think it elevated it much. Beets: Good. Nothing special. Served on top of goat cheese but seems doable at home. Garlic bread with Burrata: I really enjoyed it but it's hard not to enjoy a fried garlic bread with soft cheese spread over it. Broccoli Cheddar Pancake: Good.Grilled asparagus pancake: OK. Not memorable.We probably had other stuff but it's all a haze.DRINKSThey have only wine, sake, and beer. Go next door if you want cocktails. We found that out the hard way :(. The junmai is really tasty though.AMBIANCETo be quite honest, kinda weird. It's very well lit and reminds me of a cafeteria in terms of decoration. But it's fun to see the carts and plates of food roam around. Unfortunately, it's also distracting and annoying when all the other tables snatch up what you had originally been eyeing up.
Somewhat pricey, ok meal. It's trying to be more than it is. I may be biased from some of the other meals I've had off the World's Top 50 list. There's lots of hype in SF for State Bird, but just alright if you ask me. Suggest going once to try.
Tip for people that don't have the habit of making reservations 2 months out... hire a Task Rabbit to stand in line so you can score a walk-in seat (the two-seat spot at the bar facing the street is a great spot). Have the Task Rabbit get in line at least 1.5 hours before the restaurant opens to ensure your spot. It'll cost somewhere in the neighborhood of $30, but it's a sure-fire way to get in.On to the food. I generally loved everything I got but there were certain dishes that shone a lot more than others. Must-gets are the smoked trout dip (I loved the balance of flavors - all very impactful and distinct), little pancake topped with beef tongue (I could've easily eaten three of these by myself), duck liver mousse (drool), pork belly (lightly fried and very succulent, countered by a nice acid-y broth-y sauce), and the peanut milk drink thing (trust me, it was delicious).I did not particularly love the ice cream macaroon dessert (I believe the ice cream was made with goat's milk and was a bit too tangy-verging-on-gamey for my palate), the fry bread with burrata was good but did not blow me away (if you do get it, you must devour it within minutes as it looses its "omph" if you allow it to sit), and the octopus (again, good, but not mind-blowing).All in all, this was a great meal. Definitely lived up to the hype and hard-to-get seating, and I do plan to return just as soon as I can.
Another glowing State Bird Provisions review that will no doubt get lost in the pile of 1000 others... yet still, something drives me to write. I must document the awesomeness of SBP (am I cool enough to abbrev?) via Yelp.I love dim sum. I love 90's hip hop and r&b. I love handsome waiters with hairy chests that serve me oysters. Logic says then I must love State Bird Provisions.At first, I was turned off by the "we're too cool to have a sign" pretentious speak-easy vibe I got from the outside. However, when we walked in and began our meal, I was blown away. The concept is bad ass-- dim sum beyond pork buns and soup dumplings. You can however, order entrees if you desire... desire to be lame. When dim sum is available, cool kids order dim sum. My friend said we'd never be able to get a table, but I walked in at 4 and got a table that day for 7:45. The trick is to be charming and pray for a cancellation. If you have to wait awhile, it's pretty pleasant watching the chefs through the front window work their culinary voodoo on some oysters and other tasty things.We ate some kind of magical fried pork belly with blood orange salad, fluffy crsipy potato croquettes with homemade ketchup, fried rice with tasty bits of crispy duck and scallions, their traditional fried quail with lemon onions, melt-in-your-mouth mushroom dumplings... probably 10 other things that were orgasmically pleasing to both the palate and the mind. Everything was so lovingly made and bursting with creativity and real thought. Food as art. Definitely in the top 10 meals I've ever had. If you're in San Francisco and you haven't eaten here, your life is currently meaningless. You should do something about that.
I would give a four but not a perfect 4...I was extremely excited and maybe my expectations were too high but I was underwhelmed. I love the concept- dim sum style American with Asian flavors. The dishes are somewhat creative but I wasn't too excited about the dishes...
Came here on a Tuesday night and waited hour outside before opening to secure a spot for the three of us.I think I came here with a very high expectation, but the food did not have any wow factor. I do see the interesting flavor profiles and combinations, but I felt that some were good and some were just not that good.*Liked the*:-Dungeness crab kimchi yuba with smoked egg bottarga (shell) $26I never thought to have crab and kimchi combination. I think they complement each other very well in this dish. It was a pleasant surprise with the flavor combination. I recommend this dish.-1/2 dozen cast iron quail eggs, farro, green olive salsa verde & appleThe quail eggs were quite delicious. I think salsa verde and apples gave it a freshness to it. Recommended.-Hog island oyster, spicy kohlrabi kraut & sesame $3Oysters were pretty good, nothing to wow about though*Mediocre*:-Guinea hen dumpling with aromatic brothI felt that the dumpling skin was too thick. The broth was pretty good, but I could def skip out on this dish-CA State Bird I expected more from this dish, since it has the restaurant name on it, but it was still pretty good. However, nothing memorable.-Duck liver mousse with almond biscuit (good as a dessert)Ordered it twice. First time around, it was meh. Second time around, I slowly enjoyed it to really taste the different flavors. It was a good combination of flavors.-Spicy fried cauliflower with bayley hazen blue cheeseI would definitely order this again and again, if I was a vegetarian. Nothing like I ever had.*Wouldn't order again*:-Bacon-curry with crispy beef sweetbreads & pickled kohlrabiBacon curry part was fine, but pickled kohlrai threw me off. Do not like this dish that much.-Snacking pork with apple mostardaI definitely did not enjoy this dish. It was kind of dry and flavorless? Did not like the apple sauce with it either. I dont think they go well together.The service here was okay, and Tuesday night wasn't too crowded. Just watch your wallet a little bit. My bill came out to be around 200 for party of 3. Definitely don't have high expectations when coming here, otherwise, you might leave disappointed like me.
ABSO-F**king-LUTELY awesome!!! chef-table style dining with a dim sum twist! The way it work is you can order food from the menu or you can wait to see what come around for that day to order, like when eating dim sum, the food are brought to you and you can decide whether you want it or not. The nice thing is having the option to choose and you can see the price tag for each items, so eating a "chef-table-est" meal doesn't burn a BIG hole in your pocket!FOOD: So I had 10 items ALL by myself and I sincerely don't remember the name of anyone of them, they were so delicious!!! It was the kinda good that literally put a smile on your face as you chew it. I found myself doing that the whole time that night. For sure the food is modern American with an Asian flair (at least this was what on the menu that night). My most memorable was the seafood ceviche with quinoa, straight but SOO good and the root vegetable dish with this awesome hummus and the dessert! Oh man I usually don't like dessert but this one just hit the spot, it was the strawberry granita with tapioca and top with sparkling champagne gelatin OMG I'm still thinking about it right NOW!!! I would eat all over again if I can. I'm not sure how often they switch up the menu so that make it even more exciting because you can go back there again and eat completely different food. Everything, of course, was seasoned perfectly, I didn't eat a dish that I didn't like and it was such a treat.AMBIANCE: Modern chic! very San Francisco esq! so you can totally go all out and dress up or come in casual like I did. Most of the table were reserved ahead so all walkin were sitting at the bar, which in my opinion, is the best seat of house! I mean you get to be RIGHT there watching the chefs work their magic and bring it straight to YOU! Best seat ever!!!!! SERVICE: Excellence! all the wait staffs were very attentive to you, they made sure you had what you need, and I love it that they asked if I had any food allergy or if there's anything that I preferred not to eat. PRICE: compare to normal restaurant then it would be in the $$$ range for sure! But I consider it as the best deal you can get for a chef-table style dining. All the dim-sum style food all have price tag anywhere between $3-$14 per portion, which is not bad at all. The items on the menu have an average price of $20-$25. Not your everyday kinda restaurant, unless you are that fancy then power to ya. Definitely a nice once in a while let go all out kinda place.
What an absolute treat it was to dine at State Bird Provisions! Common sense disclosure: It is not new news that SBP absolutely requires a reservation (good luck with that) or a wait to score a cancelled reservation. It's also probably not worth mentioning that SBP is dim sum style. Boom. Now to the glorious food! Our table of two tried the following small plates:raw oyster with spicy kohlrabi kraut & sesameblack butter figs with fontina fonduegarlic bread with burrataheirloom tomato and toasted quinoa saladsourdough, sauerkraut, pecorino & ricotta pancakestone-ground whole grain fiscalini cheddar pancake, heirloom tomatoCA state bird with provisions (must be ordered, not dim sum)and for dessert:charentais melon 'ice cream' sandwich, ginger coconut milk, asian pear, shiso raspberry & lardy-rye turnover, poppy seed almond frangipane, grilled plum caramelWOWZA. Every single dish was mind-blowing impressive and truly helped explained the line-waiting, insane reservation lead-time hype. Honestly, you can't go wrong with the dim sum here-- it's more a matter of personal preference!I will definitely be back.....if I'm, God bid, able to!!! (note to self: make a reservation now for my visit in 4 months)
I honestly don't know where to begin or how to articulate exactly how incredible this restaurant is. I really, really thought I had set my expectations too high, but I swear this place exceeded them. Between the two of us we had the following: hog island oyster, spicy kohlrabi kraut & sesame guinea hen dumpling with aromatic broth duck liver mousse with almond biscuitguanciale chawanmushishrimp & potato 'okonomiyaki'smoked trout parfait with uni slawroasted squash & gruyre whole-grain pancakepork rillette toaststate bird with provisionsmaitake & duck 'fried rice' a la planchabacon-curry with crispy beef sweetbreads & pickled kohlrabipeanut muscovado milk shotI think the ONLY complaint either of us had the entire meal was that the quail could have used a little more salt. Literally our only complaint. And yes, we got here at 4pm with already 10 people in front of us, and were in the first seating at 5:30pm THANK GOD. I can't even believe how long the line got I swear there were 60 people in line by the time this place opened.I don't think I can pick a favorite. We did have leftovers of the fried rice and curry and let me tell you, it only got better by the time I ate the rest in the morning. Wow. Can't stop thinking about those two dishes. Or any of them really. I want to move into this restaurant asap.By the way, our total bill including tax and tip was about $70/each. We got drinks and had 12 of the best dishes of our lives. It's way worth it.
Over-hyped and difficult to get into, I'm not from San Fran but with all the great dining options in this great city I have no idea why locals love this place so much. It was perfectly fine and we enjoyed our meal, but I certainly will not go through the trouble of securing a seat here if I visit San Fran again.I realize my review is meaningless as this place has 1400+ reviews already, so I'll be short. The food here is good and we were able to try a lot of different flavor combinations that we have never had before. The staff was helpful in navigating the menu, and it is fun when servers come around with random trays of food and you basically just point and eat. Prices are clearly marked which I appreciate.Overall, we did enjoy our night, this review would normally be 4-stars but this place loses 1-star for being almost impossible to eat at (ie: being a victim of its own hype).
**4.5 STARS**I waited three months or so for my reservation that i made online on their website at like 4 in the morning. That's the only time I heard they let reservation times out! So wake up in the middle of the night. The food here is AMAZING and I love the vibe of the place. It's great for sharing so our group of 4 people was perfect. We were able to order almost everything on the menu and share. Also everything is fairly priced and you won't break the bank dining here. They have a menu that you can order stuff from the kitchen or they also have their staff with a cart (like at dim sum) going around and marking your tab off if you choose one of the items from the cart.Now onto the food:Garlic bread with buratta - Must get, sooo good and that buratta is the best cheese ever! Smoked black cod pancake - good tasty little pancakes with fishCA state bird with provisions - Definitely have to get this! deliciousPork riblets glazed in their own juices - could do without. tastes like any other ribs I've had at other places.spicy dungeness crab kimchee yuba with smoked egg - good, the kimchee gives it an asian kick to it. tasty though.Mushroom farro spezzato with whipped ricotta - super good! love mushroomssteak tartare Caesar lettuce wraps - this was good but tasted heavily of the CaesarRaw Oyster with spicy kohlrabi kraut and sesame - my least fave of the night. definitely wouldn't do this again. not that great, nothing special.Wild king salmon tartare - tasty, I love anything salmonSmoked trout and avocado chip and dip - really good because I love anything with avocado in it. fun to eat with the chipsHamachi avocado and seaweed cracker - I liked this a lot, I love hamachi and the seaweed cracker was goodDuck liver mousse with almond biscuit - really good, rich and tasty, wish the biscuit wasn't as sweet though.Bacon wrapped duck gizzard and lettuce wrap - new item they were trying and I must say it was delicious. gizzard wasn't gamey at allRoasted bone marrow - one of my faves of the night. sooo good and rich and yummy. must get.Chocolate ice cream sandwich - Must get this to end a perfect meal! the best ice cream sandwiches I've ever had!
came here om tuesday night at 8pm got the table for 9pm ... the service was pretty slow compared to last time that I came. we actually had hard time getting the servers' attention ... the food was also pretty slow to come outthe food is pretty solid this time! (or maybe now i know what I should order?) ... the first fish dish was great...soft texture and the sauce was awesomeoysters were just meh nothing specialthe beef tongue buckwheat was nice ... same for the ricotta pancakethe duck liver mousse was solid 5 starsquial eggs was the new menu and Im glad I tried it !!! very yummy also solid 5****the cocoa nib cream caramel with matcha was sooooooo goooood :)
INSANELY GOOD, INSANELY WORTH THE WAIT---THE DEETS:- Extremely fun dining experience- Make a reservation at least a few months out- Dim Sum style service- Small bites, satisfied palate- Go with friends!---ON THE MENU:- Pork Belly Citrus Salad: Pork Belly any thing...get in my belly! This was an awesome first dish and it wasn't planned!- Beef Tongue & Horseradish-Buckwheat Pancake: How can you go wrong with Beef Tongue. That horseradish sauce though. Excellent combination. When can I go back?- Sourdough, Sauerkraut, Pecorino & Ricotta Pancake: This was a fun dish with many of my favorite dishes. It's nice to at least try 2 different types of pancakes. - Grilled Beef with Maitake, Broccoli, & Umeboshi-Rosemary Vinaigrette: Beautiful presentation and was a good in-between dish to keep us all satiated. - Trout Roe-Horseradish Creme Fraice 'Chip & Dip' - Yes and more yes. Chip and dip is already a fascination of mine. Fancy chip and dip is to die for. Game over. We all could've eaten this all night. So good. Get two!- Hog Island Oyster, Spicy Kohlrabi Kraut & Sesame - If I were you, I would get one and then move on. There is so much more to try why fill your tummy with something you know will be amazing. Surprise yourself and try something different.- Garlic Bread with Burrata - Keep it coming with the yum. This was very good. Cheese and bread fans delighted over this dish. - Duck & Squab w/Chimichurri - Rolled onto a stick with mashed potatoes. We had to get it because I believe it was seasonal. - CA State Bird with Provisions - A must. Crispy quail so good it made me cry. - Guanciale Chawanmushi - Pork Cheek Egg Custard. I thought this was an unusual dish for me. I would try it again to prove myself wrong. - Duck Liver Mousse with Almond Biscuit - This was a win and a fun dish to share with friends. DESSERT: - Vanilla Ice Cream Sandwich, Nutella and Hazelnuts - We were so lucky to have this dish. Definitely to die for. I saved this for last and was afraid it would've melted by the time we got to it.- Creme Caramel with Macha Cream - This was very good. I wish this was on their forever dessert list.---OVERALL:- Do try if you're able to secure a reservation! If you can, go with friends. I was lucky to be invited by Rodney H who was a gracious host. I'd suggest going with a friend who has been to State Bird before as it can be overwhelming the first time. Dining can be so mindless at times, go for the experience. Do save room for dessert because each bite with be well worth it. I can't wait for my next trip to State Bird Provisions. #494
Foodie heaven. Impeccable service. A larger party (6+) makes it easier to snag a reservation.
i waited a really long time for a table here. 2 months to be exact - I made the reservations in May. There's no sign in front of the restaurant, but you'll know that you're at the right place when you see a crowd of people standing by the entrance.Tip: I was told that the walk-in wait is only an hour. not bad in my opinion! i absolutely think the wait is worth it. especially for the price. you won't be shelling hundreds of dollars per person (unless you order a shit ton of wine and everything on the menu).i came here with a party of 4 and highly recommend doing just this. You'll be able to try all the different dishes, and you'll only end up paying around 60 a person with a bottle of wine! really can't beat the price for the quality of food you get. We ordered 13 dishes total:1. garlic toast and burrata cheese - loved this! reminded me of a chinese donut (a little thicker) with cream/chewy cheese. 2. duck liver mousse - mousse was on point and the little corn breads were so tasty3. salmon - delicious, highly recommend.4. oysters - these were ok. too fishy, not recommended5. SBP quail - very good. nicely fried, lots of flavor6. pork belly - GET THIS. SO GOOD7. quail eggs - this was too salty. meh8. tomato salad of sorts - don't remember what it was, but the veggies were so fresh9. tomato heirloom - this was ok, it had peppers and eggplant10. duck fried rice - do not order this. not worth it11. beef - i dont know what this was, but it tasted like chipotle beef12. ice cream sandwich - BEST PART. i'd come back for this13. Bone marrow - git itoverall i really enjoyed my meal. i can understand the hype around this place, the dim sum style service made me fuller faster. I would definitely come back to try the beef tongue.
So your website says "we set aside a significant portion of our seats every night"...But you a) don't answer your phone and b) have a smug/rude hostess at the door. I guess being a popular and fully committed restaurant means you don't care about potential patrons? Thanks for wasting my time.
This was a unique, fun dining experience since we luckily got to sit at the bar (normally reserved for walk-ins). We sat in front of the kitchen and was able to watch the chefs magically create the culinary tapas. An additional perk with sitting at the bar is you can order food from any direction with attentive servers coming through with trays of yummies, chefs from the kitchen excitedly presenting hot-off-the-stove dishes, or the classic wheeled-around dim sum cart.We had an array of dishes and left quite full:--Duck Liver Mousse w/Almond Biscuits: Yum. The duck liver mousse just melts in your mouth. The almond biscuits paired nicely. They were slightly on the drier side... but the mousse! Oh so good.--Dumpling w/Aromatic Broth: This was good, but as Nina Y. would say, it goes by so quickly. A couple of bites (if that's even the case) and it's gone just like that. I thought it was good, but nothing mindblowing. --Potato Puffs w/Bonito Flakes: These were sitting atop a bed of a citrus aioli and shrimp. They were good, but like the dumpling, went by quickly.--Pork Belly (fried) w/Citrus Fruits, Jalapeo, and Cilantro: SOOOO GOOD. This is the winning dish of the night. The flavors and textures were so spot on. I disliked cilantro, but it paired so well with everything that I found myself eating ALL OF IT. If I weren't so full, I would've gone for seconds.--CA State Bird Provisions (Fried Quail): Can't go wrong with fried. These are served atop of citrus-y onions. Not bad. But I have to say it's a bit overrated, and I would pass next time. --Yellowfoot Mushroom & Duck Fried Rice: This was alright and nothing special. It was more fun watching them make it lol.--Cocoa Nib-Rose Ice cream Sandwich w/Meringue & Rhubarb: I was really excited for dessert before dinner even started. Just ask Nina Y. lol. Unfortunately it didn't wow me. I thought the cookie part of the sandwich was lacking and the nibs weren't prominent in its crunch or flavor. Not big on rhubarb, but liked the meringue. Overall the dessert did slowly grew on me towards the end, but I wouldn't get it again. The service was also top-notch, knowledgeably explaining the different dishes and attending to any food allergies. That was much appreciated! Nina Y. made reservations 2 months in advance and invited me, and I'm glad she did! Would love to come back to see what's next on their rotating menu!
EVERYTHING ABOUT THIS PLACE WAS WONDERFUL! I cannot say enough good things. I loved the atmosphere, the design and decor. I loved the services- great waitstaff and awesome approach to service. Loved all the food and the wine selection was good and well priced. Some of my faves: the state bird, duck liver mousse, the vegetarian pancake options, oysters were excellent. I will absolutely be back!
Orgasmic. That's the only way to describe the food I ate here. I've wanted to go to this place since I first saw the glowing reviews on Yelp and learned that it was similar to Americanized dim sum. We got there at 4:30, and for some reason the storefront was gone (?) but we knew where it was by the long line, which we initially assumed was for the hat shop next door. We were seated quickly, and the courses began.Everything was so artfully done, from the trendy interior to our waitress's attention. I can't even remember everything I ate, but I do remember that our bill came up to be around $60 per person, tax and tip included. My friend and I felt kind of out of place, and we may have peeked over at the table next to us when we were confused about eating some of the dishes, but it worked fine for us. Each bite was heaven, and I especially remember the homemade chips and salmon/avocado tartare. The spicy beef was okay, but that was the only average dish to me. Our wallets may be weeping, but next time I get a pay raise, I'm coming back here!
After all the wait, I'm pretty disappointed in the food. I totally thought I was going to love this place. The service was great and we were seated immediately since we had reservations but unfortunately nothing we had was that good. We had probably about 10 dishes and the only thing I liked was this avocado and salmon with fried potato chips. My bf said, anything with avocado is good so you can't really mess that up which is pretty true. We had (I don't know the proper names of these dishes but they are all posted on yelp) the fried quail, beef tongue with sweet bread, eggplant, uni shooter in a tasteless broth, raw oysters with sauerkraut, grilled peppers, liver pate with the tiny pancakes, this quinoa thing, pasta thing with a bunch of mixed vegis, chawashu, pork belly with plum, avacado/salmon with potato chips and burrata and garlic bread. The burrata garlic bread sounds great. I love burrata and I love garlic bread. What can go wrong? Hard cold garlic bread can. It wasn't very good at all. The burrata was good so I just picked that off. I wish I had the opportunity to try this place when they first opened because my friends raved about it. This current menu isn't that great and I was really disappointed that I waited this long and didn't like anything on the menu. I also saw a post on FB that another friend had the same experience. My expectations were lowered since I saw her post but I didn't think it would be this low....
I don't even know where to begin. This was probably one of the best meals I've indulged in all year. I must come back here, the only sad thing is their reservations are booked out 2 months in advance. This is a must go to spot for any foodie, everything is amazing.To start they do not have any signs or indication of where their restaurant is, there isn't even a number. You walk halfway up the block and there are two doors, take the one on the right hand side and you'll be good to go. Upon entering it almost has a scent of an upscale dim sum spot, a white version of it if i may. Please note they only serve wine and beer here, if you want hard liquor you must exit the right door and enter the door on your left. Now the food, they have a menu where you can order and they have people walking around with food on trays you can pick from. I was with a party of three and we literally did not let any food pass. There were roughly 18 dishes available in the walk around, in addition we ordered 8 different things which were on menu. Each dish has its own flavor, texture, and consistency to it. The serving size are a few bites to a couple pieces per person, which is perfect to try everything they have. With a bottle of wine our bill came to about $500. Granted this was because we were quite gluttonous, however not a penny felt wasted. I could describe every perfect dish we had, but to save you the trouble I'm just going to tell you everything we tasted was a delight. Service was top notch, and the ambiance was just right. I can't wait to come back here again!
If you want to find a restaurant that knows exactly how to do it right, you've found the place. State bird is the perfect blend of ambience and culinary genius. But what is great comes with a price. Expect to wait for walk ins or reserve ahead of time. Food wise, I dare you to find a better meal in the Bay Area. 5 stars is not adequate to explaining how much I enjoyed my time at state bird. When it comes to the food in detail, I can't say much, it's just something you have to try to find out. Chef Kevin Law is a phenomenal guy who is rapidly working his way up the latter to greatness in the culinary industry. Eat the food here and thank them later, and don't be scared to try new stuff. I can't stress it enough to try as much as one can when eating here. Go to State Bird, you won't regret it.
On a different site, I wrote this review: "The food extravaganza aka Haute Dim Sum reminds me of Sleep No More NYC: the Macbeth meets Eyes Wide Shut seductive and tantalizing off-Broadway show that mesmerized live audience, with repeat acts, three times in a night. The carts cycle through at least three times, each time a variety of 15 or so items appear. With a set of stables on the menu and an excellent wine list to boot. A quintessential 2014 San Francisco experience like the Beach Blanket Babylon circa 1974. Is it worth the excruciating one hour wait on your six inch heels? Yes."This was my pre-race meal. The next morning, I got up at 6 and ran my first 50K/31miles with an elevation gain of 5800 feet, at the Coastal 50K in Marin. It was one of the toughest races and quite frankly, I seriously doubt that I could ever do it. (I did, and came in faster than I thought, by a lot). Thus, a life pre and post-ultramathroner was divided by this meal. Ordered EVERYTHING that came through the cart. You must do that. No bad things. Everything was great and some were exceptional: heirloom tomatoes, egg custard and the oysters were among my favorites. Then also had the lamb, fried rice, State Bird Provisions and three pancakes from the regular menu. Two desserts to cap it off. Wanted coffee, but knew I had to go to bed before 10. Yes this would be how a cow eats. Thankfully the portion was controllable. And I did take a bunch of food home. Seeing that I'm a woman of many enthusiasms, it's hard to know if I was just being the usual "OMG this is the best thing ever" and forget about it in a few months, or if I'd be going back there a lot (LoLinda was one of the restaurants I went to 8 times until I finally got tired). Everything should be in moderation, including moderation. So yes, this is exceptionally great, possibly one of the best meals I've had in San Francisco. But time will tell. Until that time comes, I'd be coming here, a lot. But Next time, I'll wear more sensible shoes.
After going through a streak of bad luck with a few yelp flimflammed restaurants, I was very happy to finally visit one that lived up to its reputation. SBP is everything you will expect it to be and more. I have been trying to get a reservation for months and haven't had any luck so one day we decided to get there at opening time and try our luck that way. We got to SBP on a Wednesday at around 5.45 (15 mins after opening, considered late if you want to get into the walk-ins line, blame the 101 traffic and move on) and it was packed!! All the tables were occupied and we beat three other parties literally by seconds and were first in the walk-ins line (miracle number one). Then, in an act of god, a party cancelled and we scored a table (miracle number two), the host told us that he was expecting another party at 7.15, so we had about an hour and fifteen minutes for dinner, which at that point seemed like plenty, but the time just flew by man (end of miracles). The host was extremely nice, I want to say he is the nicest host I have ever come across in a restaurant. With a place like this it is very easy for the power to go to your head, but not this guy, he was super nice and accommodating and I'm not just saying that because we got a table ;) We were happy with service in general, our server did seem to rush at times, but that could be because we were on that hour and fifteen minutes deadline. Plus, the restaurant itself is very tiny so I can see how it's hard to accommodate a lot of parties. I tried both the Cabernet and Pinot from France and the Pinot was my favorite. We chose about 4-5 items from the carts, 3 from the menu and 3 desserts. There were hits and misses and I think it comes down to a matter of personal taste and not the food being bad. If you don't like goat cheese, you likely won't like the goat cheese and beet salad, that doesn't mean it's a bad salad. From the cart menu that day, the dishes that stood out for me were the farro and black mushroom risotto and the smoked uni gelatiny thing. From the menu items - and I will order this again is the "Dungeness crab kimchi yuba with smoked egg bottarga". The egg bottarga and the kimchi just mesh so well together flavor and texture wise, some people might find this on the spicier side, but I loved it. Another great dish from the menu was the "roasted squash & gruyre whole-grain pancake". We found the desserts were not sweet enough (the corn caramel and the fudge cake), the ice cream sandwich was the best from what we ordered that day.Because we had to leave early, we missed a few dishes - which looked amazing, like the garlic bread with burrata. I would want to go back and this time hopefully spend more time and do justice to the food time wise.
This place is a completely different experience altogether. You have the regular a-la carte menu, but an equally big list of the daily chefs specials and which I highly recommend one should go for. Here is where it gets interesting, these specials are not listed on any menu. Most, (rather all) of them are "small plates". As and when they are prepared by the chef, the hosts carry them around in carts to each table and people can chose to have it or not. This way you can see what you are ordering plus you don't have to wait after you order ;). Right off the cart to you (a la cart :)). They have a good selection of wines as well. Usually this place requires a reservation of over a month in advance, they do entertain walk-ins incase of any cancellations. We have lucked out twice and were able to get a table without a reservation, though had to wait about 30 - 45 mins each time. But that was post 9:30 p.m. A must try !
Lined up at the door at 4pm and was told to come back at 9pm for our reservation for 2. When we arrived at 9pm, we were seated at the bar / kitchen counter... that was pretty cool. I didn't think this process was too tedious. Just hung around around the city until 9pm.I docked 2 stars for the "1 michelin star" food. I ordered everything in the restaurant and many of the dishes I ordered were not good. The rabbit pate was disgusting... flavorless and chalky. Everything fried were way too oily.I would still come back with a large group of people to try more things though since I heard the food changes all the time.
It's truly a unique and unparalleled experience having creative, visually appealing, and tasty small bites carted around to you by genuinely passionate staff. Love the style of this fusion dim sum / tapas restaurant, as so many others have also raved about.As others have said, it's nearly impossible to get a reservation here, and you have to book months in advance. This is just because it's a small restaurant, and most people who eat here tend to take their time. I'd recommend either putting your name down right when they open and coming back about 3 hours later, or walk in around 9:30pm to try your luck (works best if you go in twos, because they reserve some bar seating for walk-ins). I've also been to Momofuku M Pche in New York, which tries to do the dim sum style of bringing around small bites in a cart, but the dishes and staff attitude don't even begin to compare. Pretty much everything is tasty here, which amazes me, because they change up the dishes so often. Some of the best dishes I've had were: -- sweet corn, garlic chive, & mt. tam cheese pancake (a surprisingly delicious bite of heaven!) -- hamachi avocado seaweed crostini-- peanut butter ice cream sandwich (or any flavor ice cream sandwich)
My palate is not sophisticated enough for fine dining and I don't often seek it or see the value in it.State Bird Provisions gave me perspective in the form of impeccable service and incredible cuisine.Even if you have to pay someone to stand in line before they open to put your name down, it's worth your dollar. (Yes, that really happened) Managed to get the chef's table right in front (apparently the best seat in the house) for dinner on a Wednesday evening at 8:30pm.So, I didn't realize it was dimsum-style dining so that was a pleasant surprise right off the bat. Our waitress was extremely knowledgeable and passionate about each and every dish that was presented to us, never hesitating to make personal recommendations and answer my silly (but awesome) questions. Everyone working here has sharp senses and can smell your hesitation, curiosity, and probably even hear your thoughts from across the restaurant. (not in a creepy way but very perceptive) Okay, on to the best part...the comida:- Garlic Toast and Burrata Cheese: Holy hell. It is criminal to be this delicious. YOU MUST EAT THIS!!- Duck Liver Mousse with Almond Biscuits: I'm not a fan of organs but this was surprisingly tasty. The duck liver was airy but still very savory and the almond biscuits were killer.- State Bird (quail): It's in their name; how can you fail at this? They did not disappoint. Magnificently fried, perfectly seasoned and succulent.- Fried pork belly: I think its worth trying but I thought it was too salty and a bit too chewy.- DO NOT leave without dessert. By some magical mistake, we were served two desserts: Blood orange-mint granita and their decadent chocolate ice cream sandwiches. Both very different but oh so good!Everything else I tried was meh but I blame that on my unsophisticated palate.It's totally worth your patience, time and cabbage.
I finally got to try this place and it was an amazing experience. For months I've been getting up at midnight to secure reservations, but something always came up and had to cancel, so when I got a reservation on a Saturday night at 7:30pm, I had to take it (and also, they recently required that a credit card to be put down when you make a reservation so there was no backing out).Upon entering, the kitchen is right there and you get a 1st whiff of all the different aromas and it gets you ready for a very unique meal. There is a menu for appetizers and entrees in addition to the dishes being passed around dim sum style.We only ordered the state bird provision and pancakes from the menu. Warning: the pancakes are really really small so don't expect flapjacks. The standout dishes for me were the pork belly and plums, salmon tartare, and the garlic bread. The bill came out to $100 including tip, for 10 dishes and no drinks ordered.
based on my 04.16.15's experience, they only get 3.5 stars frm me...SUMMARY: i heart the "dim sum-style" p a r a d e concept (not to be mistakenly for actual dim sum) & constant change of menu...an xtra star for those 2 pts...bbbut IMO, the food itself is really jus avg (3 stars)...& more on the eyes than the palate...we shared 18 savory tapas, 4 sweets, 3 signature sodas & gl of red...so, i'd say i got a good idea frm everything & it jus did NOT blow me away...i'm a "food snob" with a palate that's hard to please tho...not to mention i absolutely HATE rushed food service esp at a quality resto (minus 1/2 star)...DETAILS: been hearing about SBP for yrs...finally been wanting to try lately...knowing u have to book @midnight exactly 60 days b4 u actually wanna go, i was planning on loggin' back in may for jul...then an last min. opportunity came up to be a 4th wheel...(invited by sis, reso passed on by coz, thx)...so, i fought traffic for 1.5hrs+, ate for 2, & drove another hr right back...i was scratching my head a lil wondering if it was worth it...yea, it was...reso @6:45pm & check-in @6:30, but we didnt get seated til 7:15pm...aiight, i suppose...tho having seen pix online, i was still excited to walk in to see the venue...open kitchen w/ counter seating on the right, 4-tops on the left & various sizes in the back...plenty wait staff rushing around...sis & her hub's 3rd time...her gf & my 1st...u order some items off the menu...the rest r presented tableside on a seafood cart & carried trays...what they call "dim sum STYLE" presentation & tally method...ordered off of the daily menu:"Toast & Pancakes" were all eh...- Green Garlic-Steak Tartare Caesar Toast ($4)- Mendocino Uni 'Taco' Pancake ($8)- Grilled Asparagus, Black Truffle Aioli & Gruyre Toast x2 ($4 ea)- Beef Tongue & Horseradish-Buckwheat Pancake ($5)"Commandables"...* CA State Bird with Provisions ($18 whole / $9 half)...their staple & it was tasty... FYI, quail was cali's official state bird 1931...provisions refer to 'providing or supplying of something, esp. food & drink'- Artichokes Barigoule, Potato Fritters w/ Fennel Ranch & Black Olive Crunch ($14)- Shiitake Mushroom & Duck Fried Rice a la plancha ($14)we also had this many off of the cart & trays: 2@$3, 2@$5, $6, $7, 2@$8, $9, $10, $12... making it 18 total savories for us 4ppl...* duck liver mousse w/ almond biscuits ($6) stood out cuz NOMs- oysters [w/ spicy kohlrabi kraut & sesame?] x4 ($3 ea)- smoked trout-avo 'chip & dip' ($9)- chawanmushi... japanese hot, savory egg custard - garlic bread w/ burrata ($5?)- shrooms... i alwaz love all kinds, but didnt kare for theirs- guinea hen dumpling w/ aromatic broth... waiter-reco & it was tasty- pork belly plum salad ($12?)- octopus salad ($10?)- fried calamari(?) - huckleberry beets & goat cheese plus 4 sweets:* Lemon Curd 'Ice Cream' Sandwich, Coconut Macaron, Fennel, Apricot ($9)... NOMs, i wanted seconds...- Cocoa Nib Crme Caramel, Madeira Fudge, Rice-Fennel Crunch, Matcha ($9)... 1 word, weird* 'World Peace' Peanut Muscovado Milk x2 ($2 shot)... glad i read to get this cuz it was tasty & reminded me of nougat candies frm childhood...- Olive Oil Cake, Birdseed, Roasted Strawberries & Mascarpone ($9)... last add...eh, not goodDrinks:- SBP sodas ($4 ea): Strawberry Ginger, Muddled Shiso Yuzu, Blood Orange Creamsicle ...we tried all 3...eh, not my thang...- Syrah Blend, Stolpman Vineyards ($15 gl / $75 btl), La Cuadrilla, Ballard Canyon, Santa Barbara '13... rarely do i get the characteristics i ask for...this was actually a good reco by our waiter, Ivan...tho in general, he was kinda cynical & not too friendly...NUTSHELL: loved the parade, hated the rushed service...4.5 out of 22 dishes we had were good to me, which is only 20%!...the rest were under-seasoned for my taste and/or the marriage of pairings were jus off... with that said, i'd still give them another try & bring ppl...(pix to follow...)out the door, $280 for 4...
This is hands down one of my favorite places to eat! It's non-asian dim sum with all sorts of goodies that is worth the wait for getting a table.
SBP never disappoints!TL;DR: Everything is delicious, get here an hour early or make a reservation two months in advance... those are your options :PWAIT: No reservation because #YOLO. Knowing how the line can be, my friend and I posted up in front around 4:30PM on a random Tuesday (writing this a day late), but there were only 3 other people there. I definitely could've come a little later and still gotten in at 5:30, but I snagged a parking spot across the street and had some great conversation with my fellow foodies who were queueing up, so no complaints here :) Apparently you can grab drinks at the bar starting at 5, although I didn't confirm this. My friend and I were seated and served promptly at 5:30.AMBIENCE: Nothing memorable about the decor, obviously we were more preoccupied with the food :) It seems like parties of 2 usually get seated at the "Chef's Counter" where you get to watch the amazing culinary team put together your meal, while parties of 4 or more get the big tables. It was cool to see how everyone worked together, and you could even ask the chefs to make something for you right away if you saw something delicious passing by. Great environment!SERVICE: Servers were very attentive, it was never difficult to flag someone down. They also had great recommendations for my friend, since it was her first time here!FOOD:-- Guinea Hen Dumplings + Aromatic Broth - Nice flavors, but the dumpling kinda fell apart after you bit into it-- Duck Liver Mousse + Almond Financiers - One of my favorite dishes because of the unique flavor combination. Seems like they give a little less mousse than they used to, but it was the perfect amount for spreading on top of each biscuit.-- Polenta Cake w/ Roasted Red Peppers - Simple and hearty.-- Chawanmushi - This one was a nice addition to the menu, and very aesthetically pleasing. The bacon gives a salty punch to the otherwise earthy, mild egg custard.-- Garlic Bread + Burrata - Gotta eat this one right away while the burrata is still melty :)-- Beef Tongue Buckwheat Pancake - Beef melts in your mouth, all the other flavors serve to augment its deliciousness. Hands down, my favorite dish here!-- Sauerkraut & Pecorino Pancake - Nothing special, I'd rather order a second beef tongue pancake :P-- Quail Eggs - I don't particularly like this one, but it's flashy and first-timers always wanna get it, so we got it haha. The dish itself is pretty good, but the eggs are so small that they get lost in all the greens and other tidbits that garnish the skillet.-- CA State Bird - Skin is super-crispy, meat is moist and flavorful, shaved onions and sauteed onions are a nice complement to the famous bird :)-- Kung Pao Beef Tongue + Sweetbreads - Very yummy, but it's a lot of food to share between two people. Definitely recommended to share between 3-4 people.-- Oolong Ice Cream Sandwiches w/ Hazelnut Caramel - Ughhhhhhh so delicious... you can get half-orders if you're feeling stuffed from all the savory things (like we were).Until next time!
Getting reservations at a decent time is a career on its own. Luckily my friend got one for Sunday at 5:30 opening time. If you have reservations, skip the line and go to the front. We were seated quickly but took a little while for a server acknowledge us. This was soon forgiven when the food came, and it came quickly. The carts were full of seafood, meat, and other goodies. From the cart, we ordered oysters, seafood soup(?), wonton with aromatic soup, duck liver mousse with almond cake, salmon in a cup (?), burrata, spicy roasted pork, etc. We also ordered from the menu: state bird with provisions,1/2 dozen quail egg cast iron (nothing special), and steak tartare.If I return (I plan to), I would order the duck liver mousse, oysters, and steak tartare. Everything else was mediocre. Even though all dishes didn't impress us, I really enjoyed the concept of American dim sum and it's a fun experience. Just watch the tab ;)
I've had friends for years tell me I needed to go to State Bird Provisions and finally, excitedly made my reservation 2 months in advance for my birthday. One of my main criteria for restaurant love is walking away and saying wow I really can't wait to come back and order that again. That did not happen at State Bird. My friend and I ordered many plates, such as oyster w/kraut, hen dumplings, the fried state bird (quail), 2 of the savory pancakes, and burrata garlic bread. The standout dish for me was the pork belly pluot salad, more for its uniqueness than anything else. The favors of the pork belly plus mint, vinegar and sweet pluots were fascinating.Service was hit and miss. Our dedicated server for drinks rarely looked at us and we needed to flag her down. The dim sum style servers were very friendly.Prices compared to other 1 star Michelin restaurants are very reasonable, and maybe if it wasn't for the expectations associated with a Michelin rating I would have thought it a good deal.
You really can't come in here with only Yelpers' recommendations because the menu items are constantly changing. You also can't come in with the expectation that this will be like dim sum. Yes, they will come around with carts and trays of food. But in some ways, they are even more aggressive than the Chinese mamas. They will plop their tray onto your table and for some reason, our waiter knew we wanted everything. Before we'd have a chance to say "yes," he was already in the process of putting the plate down onto our table and marking our tab off.Everything is very Japanese inspired; I'm talking dashi, chawanmushi, okonomiyaki, etc. There's still quite the American take on it because of the heaviness that the food leaves your body, which is why I'm guessing they use so much citrus, acidity, and/or yuzu. There were some points where I felt like every dish was like this.While I can't remember the 15+ dishes we ordered, I'll list out some of my favorites:-Garlic bread with burrata-Duck liver mousse with mini cornbread-Seafood dashi-Beef tongue and horseradish-buckwheat pancake -Fresh oysters-Quinoa-cauliflower tabouleh with local nori-Fresh vegetables with anchovy-like hummusI was a little disappointed with:-CA state bird (expensive for what it is)-Quail fried duck tender (tasted like same batter as the CA state bird)-Bacon-curry with crispy beef sweetbreads and pickled kohlrabi (would've been nice if the sweetbreads weren't fried)-Brown butter rice pudding (tasted like oatmeal)Four seems to be the ideal number in a group to be dining here. You can easily share each dish without over stuffing yourself but you'll still get more than a bite. If the dish is too small, you can get another one to share. The key to enjoying your meal here is to get drinks and slowly pace yourself through the food. You'll also save money this way.
I have been wanting to try SBP for FOREVER and finally got a reservation (albeit 9pm!). You can also opt to get there early (think 4:30-5pm) to que for a walk-in spot. The dishes come out "dim sum" style aka they bring small plates of food to your table and you select what you want. They also have a menu for larger plates that you can order on top of what small plates are floating around. I recommend the State Bird (fried quail). So delicious and crispy! The menu changes so you can't get the same things but I did really enjoy the smoked trout- avocado 'chip & dip' as well as the guinea hen dumpling with aromatic broth. I think my least favorite was the garlic bread with burrata (too much bread, not enough flavor).Overall, an excellent dining experience and would definitely would like to come back again.
Went with a group of friends for a birthday in the group.  We were seated in the "alcove" where they put groups.  Instead of the dim sum type service we were given a set menu of 17 courses at a set price per person. Food was okay but nothing to write home about. Each course was very small considering we had 8 people.  Each person basically got one bite of each dish.  I spent just over $100 with only one drink and part of the birthday boys bill and left feeling just as hungry as when I had arrived. Keep in mind this was 17 courses and I felt like I had eaten nothing.  I walked over to Japantown afterwards and got a decent meal for a fraction of the cost with food that was just as good.  I have no problem paying these kind of prices for really good food that fills me up but this place doesn't even come close.  It was a waste of money!
Perhaps it's because I ate here a few days after coming back from NY where I'd eaten at some super nice restaurants, but I wasn't as amazed by State Bird as everyone else seems to be. First, I hadnt eaten here yet because I didn't want to fight for a reservation, but this time my friend invited me and she had already made the reservation. I think that the concept is fun, once it's explained, and I thought all the food was pretty and well executed. I just wasn't amazed by anything. My favorite dish was the kimchi fried rice - I like the flavors and textures in this dish. But even the state bird with provisions was just good. For the amount that was spent, I think I'd be happier with a couple of really solid meals at one of my usual places rather than spending it all at once place.
Yes, it was possible that my fiance and I had 17 items. I think I get very excited when I try new places so the chubby girls inside me wants to just eat everything.State Bird was such an experience. It all started with lining outside their door for an over an hour to ensure a table during their first seating. The staff was thoughtful and passed out rich hot chocolate to the patiently waiting freezing patrons. Once seated, you are immediately offered their first dish. If I have to compare my experience of State Bird to something familiar, I would have to say its a bit like Dim Sum. The kitchen whips up several rotating items throughout the night and come table to table to offer their items of the evening. It was quite the experience. I sat at the bar so the chef was so kind to answer all my food questions, it was also a treat to watch the kitchen staff prepare dish after dish. A few of my favorites were, the state bird, the hamachi seaweed, mushrooms, and of course the desserts. Definitely worth the wait in line since we were not able to get reservations.
Reservations are ridiculous but the experience is truly unique. You order dishes dim sum style top share and enjoy it with your table. The beauty is the ability to try various dishes but not be locked into a prix-fixe menu. You get to pick what is special and interesting but the only downside is the dishes might have been out for a bit before it makes it to you.
Stand-out meal in SF.  The chefs were too cute to handle, and the entire experience was wonderful. We approached the logistics of getting a table straightforwardly: the restaurant opens at 5:30pm, we arrived 45 minutes before and were about 20th in line. A few people seemed to take the tactic of waiting on line as we did, and then putting their names down for a reservation later that evening. We weren't sure if that was by choice, or if we were one of the last for the first round of seatings.We were immensely lucky to have been seated at the bar, with a direct view of the chefs in action. This is not only extremely entertaining, but offered a real benefit in viewing the dishes as they were made, before they were offered to the seated patrons. Sometimes the chefs leaned over after completing a dish and offered them to us first.The real challenge here is not over-ordering, or saying "a thousand times yes!" to the first dozen dishes that are presented to you. There is a regular menu, and every day they create and pass around new plates dim-sum style. My suggestion would be to order 2-3 items that you absolutely must have from the regular menu, then try the ones that are passed around. If you have not reached satisfaction after a few rounds, then you can always order from the regular menu as you go. We ordered the CA State Bird with provisions off their regular menu which is a small, delicately fried quail (California's state bird, without much irony). It was flavorful and juicy, everything you'd want in fried quail (or any poultry), and it was with great restraint and to our benefit that we ordered the smaller portion. One of my favorite dishes was a brothy concoction with a variety of mushrooms and herbs. Sashimi bites served on thick, crispy seaweed was a favorite of ours. My friend was visibly upset when, just moments after declaring defeat and readiness for dessert, we were presented with pork belly. My dear friend is incapable of saying no to pork belly, and I cannot disagree with her. It was a good decision, even though the dish sat there for a good 15 minutes while we mustered up the courage and stomach space to enjoy it. Lack of restraint brings us to our dessert course, where yes, I insisted that we get both the black sesame ice cream sandwiches (with the peanut milk shot) and the olive oil cake. No regrets here. The ice cream sandwiches are somewhat of a marvel - if you like a traditional sundae I would skip this. This is far more "modern" if taste and texture, which was a positively interesting way to end the meal. I like sesame and enjoyed the unique texture of the "cookie" part of the sandwich, it was light and almost meringue-like in texture (think the chewiness of a macaron). The olive oil cake was a far more airy and light, with delightfully tart rhubarb accompaniments. I didn't love all the dishes here - some of the seafood was less memorable and the steak tartare, the peacock of the dishes with the impressive red endive leaf, was not extremely flavorful.This was one of the most fun I've had at a meal, and I will be back for my next SF visit.
This place is awesome! Well...the wait to eat here is not awesome (came here at 330 for a place that opens at 530 and there was already a small line)...but it is totally worth the wait.Ambiance is pretty awesome, feels like a casual restaurant where you can have a good meal without feeling too stuffy or pretentious...servers are awesome and excited about their food...and the food is delicious. They have a set menu of their all-stars of which the state bird is just awesome. Tender, well fried, with a great acidic, delicious sauce underneath. Fried quail eggs were also on point, with the richness of the eggs offset by the acidic tomato and arugula salad on top. The crostinis and pancakes are also delicious, but a bit small so order one PER PERSON if you want to properly enjoy it. Steak tartare and local pickled sardine were my favorites. After that, its a bunch of rotating dim-sum style dishes for the night, of which there were too many to list out. With the sheer number of dishes, there were one or two misses in my book, but definitely more highs than lows, and the highs were higher than the lows. Standouts of the night were the salmon collar, the pork belly, the cucumbers, and the guinea dumpling. Didn't love the oysters...Definitely worth the wait, and the price to enjoy a meal here. Check it out if you're in the mood for something adventurous and delicious!
Man this place is good. I've been here twice -- once a few weeks before it got its Michelin Star, and once about a month ago. Both times the food was excellent, the service was great, and the price was surprisingly affordable.
The pork belly and plums, pork loin and apple puree are the only items I have tired here. I was pleased needless to say, I have pork problems, I know..... But its sooooo good sometimes.
Yes, one of those few restaurants where everything just comes together to be PERFECT! Creatively TASTY food, friendly hipster staff, yuppy setting. Many things to know about this place. First, try to get a reservation, fills up really fast. Walk-in? Don't despair. They keep about 1/3 of the seating open for walk in. Which is roughly enough for about 60 people, including bar and communal table seating. But,,,, you should line up outside at least an hour before their doors open at 5:30pm. There is a good chance you will be seated, if not get your name in for a little later time.Next, about the ordering of food. They have about 12-14 varieties coming around in small servings (like dim sum) and in addition you can order from their ala carte menu. Best option is to do 2-3 dishes from menu, and try most of their floating dishes. Everyone one of them is super creative and tasty and very unique.Lastly, desserts can be done as half order and this is a good option of you are like me and want to taste multiple items!
It's a great concept, been here twice and thought the first time was better than the second. It's worth (the wait) trying but obviously not going back to.
We had 5:30 p.m. reservations for Saturday night and were so glad not to be standing in line for walk-in spots. The food comes at a fast and furious pace. Before you would place your order at a more traditional restaurant, you've already had dim sum carts come by offering you small bites. At first we were saying yes to everything but finally learned to say no and pace ourselves better.Some highlights:* the red trout (on the menu) was served with a citrusy/brown butter/fish sauce that was incredible. We came close to licking the plate.* the toasts (asparagus/trumpet aioli/gruyere and the steak tartare)* the sauerkraut and ricotta pancakes. I'm not a big sauerkraut fan but the dehydrated powder version was worth a try!* ice cream sandwiches. The macaron cookie was so. so. good.* burrata and garlic bread* the dumpling (we had guinea hen)* the pork bellyGood but I wouldn't feel the need to order on another visit: the little cornbread with duck liver mousse, octupus with chickpeas, yuzu/chickpeas/root veggies, potato chips and dip, cacao nib/matcha dessert, broccoli/cheddar pancake, and the carrot chips with creme fraiche and grapefruit.We spent $250 among 4 people (including $30 corkage and $21 of beers). Way more than I usually spend on dinner but the experience was worth it.
This review is late, but.....The bf and I decided we would take advantage of our free afternoon and stand in line 1.5 hours before they opened. Yup...1.5 hours and we were second in line. It was a good decisions, because within the next 30 minutes there were already 20+ people queuing up behind us. We were able to get the best "walk-in" counter seating at the end where the food was being placed on the trays. This meant we were usually first in line! Upon viewing the dining room set up, I actually enjoyed sitting at the counter as we watched the hustle and bustle of the open kitchen. Overall thoughts: Great food, wonderful experience. The wait isn't long if you're with good company. I would highly recommend trying this place out at least once.
Really good food, small portions - but very filling after several courses. Food, drink, dessert, coffee, we avg'd $60/pp.
I really enjoy this place. I am vegan, and was worried they would not be able to accommodate for a friend's birthday party. They were very helpful and great about it all! My meal was amazing and so full of flavor, and they didn't make me feel bad about only getting veggie dishes. I'll definitely go back again!!
I was expecting American, but based on the dish options, it seemed more to me predominantly Asian-Californian fusion. The state bird provision dish was a disappointment--sorry, just meh. The chips with salmon & avocado was phenomenal...I could come here just for this alone as a snack...if you didn't have to reserve 3 months in advance, lol. Their chawanmushi (Japanese savory egg custard dish) and ice cream sandwich were very yummy also. Other dishes we tried were just OK. Four stars for the 3 dishes mentioned and the creativity/uniqueness of most dishes. So great to go every several months since the menu seems to rotate. Overall, a great, gourmet, American dim sum place :P
Great food but not sure if I would wait in line again.. You'd have to stand in line before the restaurant opens just to get put on the wait list. That being said, if you're the first 50 in line at 5 pm, you'd probably get in 5:45 or 6. Service was excellent, very attentive and efficient. Ambiance was nice. Try going on a weekday.
Some pretty interesting food with a fun menu and "dim sum" type service as well. The servers were all really friendly and they were cool with me bringing our 5 month old daughter (due to a sudden lack of childcare). The food was mostly really tasty with a few highs, no real lows, and only a few 'meh's'. Ambience could be described as hip/casual/modern. Prices are not terrible but came out to be about $75 per person with tax/tip included (with drinks, apps, entrees, a good helping of the dim sum items, and dessert).
Worth the 2 hour wait.... Made the reservation for 7:30 at 5pm ..considering we live 2 blocks away it's worthy ...True to what's other helper say.. It's a great American style small plate Dimsum style ...Things I'd never thought of eating in Regular Chinese restaurant .. I just ate here.. Rabbit meat balls ?? That incredible !!! Fast Service.. Friendly staff ... I'll be back !!!!
Everything I had hoped for it to be. What can I say that hasn't been said about this place yet? I made a reservation 2 months in advance, so I dragged my friend along to go with me since I really didn't want to waste my effort in trying to get this reservation. Good thing she enjoyed it as well! There wasn't a dish that I didn't like, but there were dishes that were comparably better than others. I won't list it all since there's just too many to list, but I'll list the memorable ones: MUST GET: -CA state bird with provisions: I actually really like this dish (it was like.. really good fried chicken in quail form) but I also have a bias towards this dish because I really like quail meat. -Shrimp and potato takoyaki: such a simple dish, but it's so good. it's like an extremely elevated potato tater tot. Crispy on the outside, soft on the inside with takoyaki sauce on top for a tang, and shrimp salad underneath it. -Duck liver mousse: I was surprised with this one... I usually tend to stay away from any type of liver mousse because it's easier to make it wrong than right, and when it is wrong, it tastes disgusting. But this was perfect! -Crispy pork belly with citrus salad: BEST. EVER. the pork belly isn't very fatty, relative to other pork bellies I've had. It's also crispy and rich, as pork belly should be, but the citrus salad balanced the meat extremely well with bright and vibrant tastes. Perfect play on different tastes that both compliment and bounce off each other. LOVED IT! -Chocolate and pecan cake: Keep in mind that I am never one to really enjoy chocolate cake (hate on me all you want) because I generally think it's too rich and sweet for my tastebuds, so the fact that I'm saying this is one of the best desserts I've had is saying a lot. The chocolate cake is still rich, as chocolate cake should be, but the jasmine blossom cream and kumquats on top definitely contrasted and toned down the richness of the actual cake very well. It was a great balance. The only downside was that I didn't really taste the pecan part because the chocolate took over a bit. Nonetheless, a solid dessert. My friend and I got about... 10 dishes? (2 desserts, 2 mains, and about 6 provisions) and our bill came out to $100 after dessert + tax, so considering the caliber of this restaurant and the quality of the food, it's very well priced! Even though the portions all seem small, it is dimsum style and I still left feeling like I was going to burst! Counting down the days until I have the privilege to go back ...
Believe the hype. Stayed up until midnight to get my reservation. One of the best & interesting dinners I have had in SF.Best part is when I was done, I didn't feel bloated, but I was full
Fun dining experience, food was good but some items were not memorable. housemade sodas were weak. super busy but if you have time to wait (from 3pm until you can squeeze in) and are bored with other SF spots...go bring a friend so they can finish the items you dont like too much.
I first heard of State Bird Provisions through friends raving about it on Facebook. Months later I heard of how difficult it is to get in, nevertheless it's on my list but let's be honest after the horrors of Ramen Fest SF, I no longer can justify waiting in long lines for food. I would prefer to make eating more utilitarian by not having to wait, despite loving deliciousness. Nevertheless this past Friday I found myself dining here after talking to an old coworker about it. For some miraculous reason he was eating here and posting about it every month. When I asked him about he he said he would give me one of the reservations he had if I was 1) about to find 2 more people to go with us 2) he could come along as well. No problem. Totally doable. Within 2 minutes of the offer I had a table set. Hype is a funny thing, but now that I've dined here I can't say it's hype. State Bird Provisions is the real deal. Farm fresh food that is served to the table dim sum style, with a menu of delicious staples. Every bite was deliciously fresh and all in all well cooked. You won't find weird and interesting flavor profiles, but really well cooked dishes with savory and sweet pairings and the perfect seasoning.We skipped on getting the actual State Bird did as we heard it was just so so, but everything else we had was amazing. - started with the oysters in spicy kohlrabi kraut- shrimp toast, they don't always have it but it was my fav dish of the night- sourdough, sauerkraut pancake- maitake and duck fried rice- bacon curry- pork belly salad- ice cream sandwich.
While I usually try to avoid reviewing places I've only been to once, having the opportunity to dine at State Bird Provisions is one of those occasions that occurs so rarely (due to the reservations system) that I might as well spill it all out now before I forget! I dined here recently as a party of 4 hungry + adventurous eaters. Reservations were made 2 months in advance via the OpenTable system on their website. Even though I jumped on it right at the dot of midnight, I was only able to snag a 9PM reservation time. Not too late... but late enough that we were all starving upon arrival + that street parking wasn't too difficult to find in the surrounding neighborhood. At the host podium we overheard that the walk-in wait was over an hour... yikes! No wonder there wasn't a line out the door. Once we were seated, the servers were quick to give us a small menu of their commandable dishes (Menu part 1 yelp.com/biz_photos/stat Menu part 2 yelp.com/biz_photos/stat) then explain the system of ordering from the passing carts + trays. We then proceeded to gobble down nearly everything that came our way... with the exception of some vegetable dishes bc we're carnivores. 14 different dishes in total plus a couple drinks!Now I'm not going to bore you by reviewing every single dish + then hitting the character limit (yes, there really is a character limit), but let your eyes do the feasting. The dishes named in *CAPS* were the fan favorites/most memorable.Lamb shank perogiesyelp.com/biz_photos/statBeef tongue pastrami with potato croquetteyelp.com/biz_photos/statTempura Chinese long beans with a savory ranch dip yelp.com/biz_photos/statSalmon tartare over cucumber + sogachi(sp?) aoliyelp.com/biz_photos/stat*CHIPS WITH SMOKED TROUT + AVOCADO*yelp.com/biz_photos/stat*PORK BELLY WITH VIETNAMESE VINAIGRETTE*yelp.com/biz_photos/statSmoked duck breast with salted plum + rosemary vinaigretteyelp.com/biz_photos/stat*DUCK LIVER MOUSSE WITH ALMOND BISCUITS*yelp.com/biz_photos/statMarinated air dried beef with toasted rice garlic chips + hot sauceyelp.com/biz_photos/stat2 orders of the signature dish: *BUTTERMILK FRIED QUAIL WITH SLICED PARMESAN + ONION*yelp.com/biz_photos/statButter clam 'picatta'yelp.com/biz_photos/statSourdough, sauerkraut, pecorino, + ricotta pancake and a Sweet corn, garlic chive + mt. tam pancakeyelp.com/biz_photos/statOolong ice cream sandwich with hazelnut + apple umeboshi compoteyelp.com/biz_photos/stat... And of course I made a pretty collage of all the dishes, hehe yelp.com/biz_photos/statOverall, a solid 4 star experience. Why not 5? I feel like the reservation system + hype is to blame. After 2 months of anticipation, I couldn't help but expect my mouth to explode with happiness from every dish, + that just wasn't the case. We loved some but were indifferent about most of the others. Big points for novelty + creativity in concept + the dining experience though. I do like how innovative many of their dishes are + how the reservation system essentially builds in the promise that they will have new menu of interesting noms + thus a different experience by the time you come back.
The deets: I would give this place a 4.5 stars, but rounding down. I would definitely come back as the value is BEYOND WORTH IT. Unlike other restaurants with similar quality, you don't have to order a set menu at ~$100/person. It's dim sum style and you see the prices beforehand. We ordered smaller portions but got to try a lot of different dishes. I don't remember every name, but I highly recommend the palm heart salad (so freaking good), king salmon (raw) with an interesting mix of toppings, beef tongue, and oyster. The guinea hen dumpling was alright in my books. The uni shooter was definitely not a favorite, but maybe my taste buds just don't agree with uni... We loved the peach tart tea with yuzu syrup and the hot tea (the first one that tastes like green tea). Overall, incredible experience and really not expensive for a casual, trendy dinner spot.Reservations are near impossible but definitely give it a try! Will be back!
How could anyone not love dim sum style service? Every meal and dish is a surprise of flavors and little experience.  The garlic fry bread with burrata feels like elevated comfort food your grandma used to make. I think about it between State Bird visits.
Amazing from start to finish. Got in without a reservation from out of town and so pleased! They really took care of us and recommended some awesome dishes. Definitely get the fried quail and steak tartare. The dim sum nachos and crostini were out of this world. So fresh and delicious and what a great concept. Thanks to all the staff that made our trip so fun!
I'm a frequent diner and tend to visit restaurants that have a lot of hype/ great recommendations- so was rather excited to find out what State Bird Provisions was all about. I have to say- I was very disappointed. I think the concept is cool- but execution, beyond mediocre. The food was sub par. Not culinary perfection as I was expecting. I found the food that was served "dim sum"was cool/weather by the time it arrived to the table (makes sense as it makes several rounds). The only worthwhile dish is the actuate State Bird- but it is small and is basically chicken- could have ordered it anywhere. Skip the wait. And spend your money elsewhere.
Stellar, Absolutely love it. Every Dim Sum we had was amazing, and the main courses that we had were great as well. The people working there including the head chef were extremely friendly and create a very homely atmosphere. It doesn't feel like a upper class restaurant, but the food is better than any in my opinion. My wife was coming into the city and we decided that lets see if we can get in State Bird, abide it was Monday night, the host, extremely friendly and helpful, let us know that they will have a table for us in an hour and half, we went around 6:00. so we walk around Japan Town for a while and then went back and were seated at the Chef's table, Best seats in the house, promptly at 7:30.Best things about the Chef's table is everything comes out right in front of you, and you can decide if you want it by the time they come around to you. Now about the Food, every bite consists of awesomeness, We order Cumin Lamb(a must have), Kimchi Yuba(good, not great), corn Shortstack pancake(good) for entree, had the the herbal tisane tea (highly recommend), and got Beehive Mousse (Good), and Granita(just Ok, won't order it again)Dimsum: dumpling in the broth, the best broth i have ever had, we got 2 first and then wanted like a dozen more, you have to get this dim sum. Duck liver mousse - i don't even like duck liver and this was great, Halibut - Great taste and perfectly cooked. This has become my #1 restaurant right now, will be coming back if i can ever get a reservation or will try my luck at walking in early on weekdays. . We were too full by the time the seafood cart came around, but they looked so good, i would definitely wait for it. I will be coming back here soon.
I really don't know what all the hype is about. The mister and I got lucky and decided to try this place out on a weekday with no reservations and got seated within 5 minutes. I wanted to try this place out because of the uniqueness of their menu.Well, its like American dim-sum... Carts are rolled around table to table with a variety of saucer size plates. Its basically a sample sized portion of unique cuisine. The ingredients and final presentation of the dish make the dining experience worth it, however the prices definitely do not reflect the meal. But again, if you're from The Bay and want to experience something different and have a palette for unique cuisines, I do say this is a must try!
We had an amazing meal here, and I'm not just saying that because we waited for 4 1/2 hours. Taking full advantage of a Grandma-sponsored date night, we arrived at 430pm, found out around 530pm that we'd get a table at 9pm, and decided to go for it. We spent three hours wandering around Japantown and visited our friends in Hayes Valley before heading back for dinner.We sat at the chef's counter; overall it was an incredible experience. We knew it was dim-sum-style but didn't know much about the menu, so nearly every time we were faced with a choice of stuffing our faces or passing in favor of whatever was coming next, we opted to stuff our faces. This included a large portion of the State Bird with Provisions and two desserts. We liked just about everything we had, if I could go back I'd probably have ordered a smaller portion of the State Bird (although who can fill up on quail? it's so tiny) and passed on the garlic bread with burrata (tasty, but filling and not as exciting as some of the other options). Really liked the pork belly and citrus salad and the Dungeness crab with egg bottarga. The cheesecake was really light; a nice way to finish off the meal.Definitely looking forward to coming back some day. Maybe we'll actually get our act together and make a reservation, or maybe we'll just have another 8-hour dinner outing into the city.
I have had the privilege of eating here twice now, and I can't wait until I get another opportunity to come back. Their tartares are absolutely worth ordering (forget your squeamishness over raw food and just trust me on this), as well as their ice cream sandwich dessert (whatever the flavor -- just do it, but ESPECIALLY if chocolate's involved).The highlight of the meal definitely had to be the salmon tartare (sadly not pictured), the "constructable" with the halibut tartare (those of you who love the nori seaweed cracker dish of old, this is it's newest incarnation and it's to die for), and the "shortstack" with the smoked duck. I'm pretty sure I cried when I bit into that food. I'm so sad that they took the smoked trout, egg and potato porridge off the menu!! State Bird, please bring it back (and keep these other "commandables" on there too) and I promise you I will gorge myself and die happy.For three people, sharing ~10 dishes and 2 of us ordering drinks, the total was roughly $120-130 (I don't remember exactly; I was sort of in a food coma). Not too shabby! Thank goodness getting reservations here are next to impossible -- I don't think my waistline could take that kind of abuse regularly!
I finally tried this place! After hearing so many people rave about State bird and how hard it is to dine here, bf decided we should still try. We didn't have reservations on a Thursday night, so instead we came at 4:30pm to wait in line for the walk in. At 5:30, they opened up and we got in! Unfortunately the bar seats were all taken so we took a regular table. The servers came out with trays every now and then. Two things that I really enjoyed were: the duck mousse and beef tartare on sunflower seed toast. The duck mousse had a delicious creamy-buttery taste which you can spread onto these mini-muffins. I wish I had more! The steak tartare was the best tartare I've ever had. It was brought pink and full of marinated flavors. The things that did not stand out to be were: the steamed wonton's, oysters topped with kimchee, pork belly on salad and burrata bread. I felt that the wontons were typical and was nothing special. The oysters were from Tomales Bay so we assumed they would be really good. Instead, they were a bit small and topped with cold kimchee which we felt did not go together. The pork belly with greens were just okay and nothing extraordinary. The bread topped with burrata cheese wasn't anything special either. I love burrata cheese-so I was excited for this dish. However, it lacked flavors and ingredients. It was simply bread with cheese and nothing more. We enjoyed the state birds, but also felt these were standard. State Bird is definitely hyped up, making my expectations too high. I would still come back though. NOTE: No need to stay up late trying to score a reservation. If you miss it, just come early and wait in line for a bit.
This review is long over due. I've been here twice and both times, I can't complain. The first time I came here, we were able to get reservations for a party of two. Everything we tried was delicious and not a single dish was bad. This is a restaurant dim-sum style tapas menu where the staff come around in carts with small dishes of food. You can also order off the menu if you don't see something you like. The menu does change so the second time I came here, the menu was different. If you want to have a party of 6 - you can book a large table and get a tasting menu of their top dishes. Must tries:Duck liver mousse with almond biscuitsDESSERTWINE - their Riesling goes well with most of their dishesThey do have a line for walk-ins but I would get there around 4-4:30 as the line does get long pretty quickly. And it's worth the 2 month wait for reservations :)
I had to wake up at 3:55am 2 months in advance to get a table on Friday night at 7:30pm. MY LORD. So as you can imagine, I had high expectations. Our party of 2 arrived a few minutes before 7:30 and we were promptly seated. Let the show begin. What we ordered:Duck liver mouse with almond biscuitsPork spare ribsSpicy dungeness crab, kimchi yuba and smoked eggHamachi on nori crostiniQuailChawanmushiOystersChips with dip (avocado puree of some sort)Sourdough, sauerkraut, pecorino and ricotta pancakesQuinoa and tabbouleh saladChocolate ice cream sandwichBlood orange and mint granita with honey creme fraiche The most notable ones were the hamachi, quail, pancakes, quinoa salad, and the deserts These are a MUST TRY! The rest were just OK. I was a bit disapointed because I was expecting each dish to be mind blowingly awesome, but they weren't. As for the dishes that we really enjoyed, they were delisssshhhh. Both innovative and packed flavors. Service was spot on and really helpful, especially for us first timers. I'd recommend coming here at least once to try! Whether it be by reservation or walk in. It's an affordable way to try a michelin star restaurant as well!
Had the opportunity to come here. The small plates here are amazing and not to mention the friendly service! The waiters came around in an organized fashion with a variety of food carts (like dim sum style). It was so difficult to say no when everything looked soo good. In addition to this, they also have a set menu to order from. The portions were sized enough to share amongst my friends and the pricing was fair. The energy from this place was very lively and casual. Great place to go for a variety of quality made dishes without having to dress up.
I really don't understand. Hype or no hype...its a matter of if the food just tastes good or not. And surprisingly, SBP fails in this aspect. Already being down in the count in terms of expectations, SBP lacked any flair or creativity in its taste or presentation. All dishes (we tried 12+) were mediocre at best, lacking texture and any sort of punch, and all seemingly one note. There was no acidity where they should be, no spice where they should be, no umami where they should be. It was like our tongues were burnt and we lost all sense of taste. Unfortunately it was just the food.We kept ordering more and more as we thought, "maybe it was just one bad batch" or "maybe the next one would the one". NOPE. They all were dull and boring and not even worthy of a normal restaurant nevertheless a Michelin Star. There was nothing to save this experience. No amazing ambiance or stellar service. No Michelin star treatment or pizzazz. There was really nothing good to say and we walked out disappointed and honestly, hungry.I guess you know you had a bad experience when after your long dinner, you are happiest when you got some ice cream from across the street in Japan Town...Please skip and save your hard earned money.
I've been here several times with the wifey and all i can say is this place is amazing. I tried almost everything on their menu and was in awe with every bite. I wish I was able to eat here more often. This place is a must!
Amazing flavored. Cool, hip atmosphere. Tough to get in though. Me and my fianc got in by using a friends reservation. Pretty pricey too.
I probably would have given a lot more 4's on past reviews versus 5's if I would have went to this place first. It's phenomenal. Everything that you've heard (great) about this restaurant - it's true. After months of waiting, a group of 5 of us were able to get in on a Monday night. One thing to know for new comers - the entrance isn't marked with a sign, only a red light and door with three circles. I suggest coming here with a larger group - the more people, the easier it is to try all 20+ small plates. Definitely try the spicy cauliflower. It's not spicy at all but the flavor and texture is nothing like I've ever had. Also, if they have the crispy pork, grab a few of them as they will leave you wanting more.
Been here twice. Both time five stars!! It's definitely better to come here in larger group (4 people +) so you can try out more food. They have a menu that you can order a la cart items off of, and items on carts that are different each evening. Their pancake is a must to try. As much as people have raved about their dessert, I still prefer their savory dishes over the sweets. Most memorable dishes are the chawan-mushi and their salmon/avacado-chip dish.
Miso sea bass is a must try! Really tender/juicy and flavorful. We also had the mini crab tacos - they were made of real crab meat. The chicken and pork bowl we had were really average. Was expecting better. But overall, I liked the ambience of this place as its kids friendly and also a good date spot!
This place is over-rated and overly expensive for the stuff you get. Tapas are small and you end up having to order a lot to really get full.Most of the meat dishes will be around $8.00 The food was far too salty based on me my two other friends.It's a great concept, but I think its really hyped up.
It's amazing when a plan comes together... Somehow we showed up here with no reservation at 8:30 and they were able to seat us. I think it helped that we looked like we were able to eat fast.The short of this place is that the food is amazing. Figure out a way to get in here. Basically every bite was both unique and delicious and the combination of dishes we ordered and being surprised by what came around dim-sum style made for a really incredible dining experience.Impossible to fully describe the food, but from the menu, the State Bird and Trout were excellent. Steak Tartare toast was incredible and the corn custard napoleon was an excellent round-out to the meal.I think the answer on the dim-sum is just eat one of everything. Parsnips, potatoes with squid, uni salsa, dumplings, all were delicious. Only things we skipped were the pork belly and oysters.Let me repeat. Go there. Now.
Got in line at 4:45, maybe 15-20 people in front of us. Once doors opened at 5:30, we put in our name and got a 7:15 reservation. Walked around Fillmore and then enjoyed a LOVELY dinner. We got seated at the 2 seat bar section facing the bartender. She made our experience GREAT. Friendly, explained tons of stuff, chatted about how often the menu changes, etc. Now on to the food - Ahhhmazing.Duck Liver Mousse w/Almond Biscuit - so creamy and delicious. almond biscuit is tiny bites of super flavors but fair warning, a little oily Garlic bread w/burrata - so many great flavors. unbelievably tasty, a MUST tryShot glass of "soup" made with egg, bacon, hot sauce - sorry not more descriptive but I can't remember anything except that we ordered seconds and it was THE MOST DELIGHTFUL thing EVER. fuyu persimmon with kinako - delightful. must try, great flavors. szechuan pepper 'ice cream' sandwich, chocolate beer coulis, cashews - loved the "sandwich" consistency. ice cream flavor good and surprisingly not too overpowering! overall, we LOVED the experience. The "dim sum" ordering is very fun and you get to try so many things. and of course, the food was superior.
I want to say I loved it, but I didn't. Many of the dishes that we ordered were misses than hits. This is unfortunate considering knowing the reputation of the restaurant and trying to get a reservation.From the dishes that we ordered that were good were the beef tongue cake, sweetbreads, shaking pork dish, trout with mushrooms, and the duck liver mousse. of these, the beef tongue cake, blood sausage bun, and the duck liver mousse were probably the best.  Savory and delicious is what I would describe them. The best being the beef tongue and blood sausage.The misses were the tempura cauliflower, crab yuba, half state bird, fried pork belly, oyster in half shell, duck confit fried rice, mocha pancake dessert, and tres leeches cake. I guess with all the great reviews, you'd expect all the dishes to be great. The stand out of the misses were the crab yuba and the duck confit fried rice. The crab yuba was mixed with kimchee that was too old. The sourness of the kimchee overwhelmed the taste. Too sour kimchee that was meant for soup.The duck confit fried rice was just an off tasting dish. My partner tasted it and said that something was off. When I tasted it, my mouth was filled with a sour taste. We let our neighbor try the dish, and she said that there was something off with the dish. Gracefully we sent it back to the kitchen due to the odd taste.Overall, I think the experience is unique, but the food was not that grand for the hype. Maybe it was an off night..it does happen. Yet, with all the attention of the restaurant, I would think it would be up to par every night.
I usually not a fan of this kind of style, but after my visit I have to say their food is top class and I have no complain of anything.good food, good service and good environment.no reason for not giving 5 star.
Wow! I'm normally skeptical of over-hype (Bloodsport 2 and Donald Trump come to mind), but State Bird Provisions blew my over-sized head away!I spent a delectable evening with my fellow Japanese bf (best-friend? boyfriend?) who competes in an amateur eating league with me. Between us, we shared about 10 plates, polished off a beer each, and the total bill was $60 per person with tip! What a steal!The shitake mushroom dumplings and the pork belly were particularly fantastic. I'm normally not a huge fan of pork belly because it reminds me of my intertrigo (infected rash that forms underneath the fat pockets of my belly), but it was DELICIOUS!!
My gf was able to get a reservation a month ago the 3...and it was still awesome. Why? Because the menu changes so I get to try new things and retaste some old. - Guinea hen dumpling - very flavorful - Steak tartare - super light and delicious- Bone marrow - delicious w/ fresh peppercorns and sea salt- Smoked trout-avocado 'chip & dip' - surprisingly REALLY good- State bird with provisions - yum! - Duck liver mousse - awesome especially the almond biscuits it came with - Pork belly - good balance of meat & crispiness - Chawanmushi - tasty but there's other better dishes I'd recommend- Garlic bread with burrata - same as the egg custard And for dessert we each had a shot of the world peace. I just read it was 7x7s top 50 dessert so I suggested having it. It was very light and a perfect way to end the meal. The biggest highlight of the night was seeing Adam Samberg there :)
State Bird makes eating FUN. If you didn't know already, State Bird Provisions is... American-style dim sum. It's passed hor d'oeuvres, the most amusing of amuse-bouches. A party in your mouth. Hubby and I were utterly delighted and ordered 21 dishes. Yes, there were only 2 of us. The rockstars:1. sourdough, sauerkraut, pecorino & ricotta pancake... I honestly could eat a pile of these!2. smoked trout-avocado 'chip & dip'... how could smushed fish be so tasty?? 3. pork belly plut salad... this one blew us away. We would have never in a million years put together pork belly and pluots! 4. the ice cream sandwiches & 'world peace' peanut muscovado milk... PURE FAIRY DUST. 5. 'nasukatsu' japanese-style fried eggplant with miso & ginger... eggplant makes me swoon. And hubby couldn't stop raving every 1.222346 seconds about the duck liver mousse with almond biscuits. Pssttt... the biscuits are made with duck fat. We also ordered a few other things... guinea hen dumpling with aromatic brothnecatarine with whipped crescenza & pink peppercornshishitos with cumin-goat cheese fonduesweet corn polenta 'elote'heirloom tomato bay shrimp 'louie'chanterelle, ham & fregola summer saladgarlic bread with burrataheirloom tomato cabot cheddar whole-grain pancakeCA state bird with provisionsair-dried beef with red chili vinaigrettehog island oyster, spicy kohlrabi kraut & sesameand I somehow got tricked into eating gizzards SPECIAL SHOUT-OUT to my fellow foodie, Jen, who gifted me her reservations!!!
Dined with my gender queer partner. I'm a lady. My partner is no lady. He was wearing a tie and all men's clothing. We were called, "ladies" three times by probably well meaning staff. This is San Francisco. You should do better. It made the amazing food kind of a bummer. There are lots of gender neutral and perfectly polite ways to great people. Hi folks. Welcome, friends. Thank you for joining us.
Saturday, 7:00PM.Quickie:+Good food+Options+Service+SpaceAnd then...?If I can find a way to beat that crowd...**********Stuffed my face in:1. Asparagus with pickled egg gribiche, nuts & seeds2. Hass avocado with seafood 'salsa'3. Pork fried farro, ramps & soft egg4. Kimchi-pork belly with tofu and clams5. Mendocino sea urchin, ginger & scallion with soy-lime6. Sourdough, sauerkraut, pecorino & ricotta pancakes7. Cast iron asparagus, lentil dahl & cauliflower
4.5 Stars.Enough has been said about SBP: It is dam good. Go early. Order most everything. Most common word used in this establishment: YES .Now that I have that off of my chest. I am so impressed by Stuart Brioza, his vision, his crew, their humbleness in the face of huge success. They treat the customer so well and are so nice this made a huge impact on me. Yeah Ryan gosling ate here and so do a ton of well to dos......but everyone is treated with love and respect here.My hat is also off to Stuart for not going nopa soma fidi or what have you...but doing something in a neighborhood that could really use it. Yeah panda express, sushi boom II, and Poppeye's doesnt really help the area..imho. It could have been rent considerations.I appreciate that Stuart came by the table raving about his anchovies and taking the time to explain where they get them, what they do to them etc. BTW...I have never had anchovies like this....they were amazing. The man is a genius.Ah the details. This place aint cheap: Four people was roughly $260 (this is without tip so add another 20%) and that is with me bringing a bottle of wine! But you pay for what you get and what you get is handcrafted, unique, beautiful quality food, in an amazing atmosphere.Okay my tips to you:If you want to get in without a reservation get there at 4:35 ( I know it is crazy but it is what it is). If you are 14 or less in line you will get in no problem. I love that they only reserve half the tables....this is what I mean about treating everyone right.If you can get in before the close ( not everyone wants to eat at 5:30???_) say 10 minutes to 10 they will offer you the same show...all the carts and all the food....again treating the customer right.They are expanding to next door so that should take some of the pressure off reservations.Thanks Stuart and crew, Chuck, and Anne...it was ahmazing!!!Definitely worth eating here!!!
Dimsum western style. Great food with great wine. Loved their sourdough pancake bites, chawanmushi was kept real, the fried quail was the best fried chicken I Eva had.
Came here on a Friday without a reservation - I got here at 3:45 and was first in line. Side note for next time that people start lining up around 4:15/4:30 and were able to get in the 1st round of seating. I was first in line so I got the best seats in the house: right in front of the chefs. The thing I really like about State Bird is that it's served dim sum style - you get to see the food before deciding if you want it or not. I cant remember every dish we ordered but the ones that stood out the most to me were the red trout & the grilled beef from the commandables menu, and the pork belly citrus salad from the provisions menu. Everything was cooked and flavored to perfection, and I love how it is dim sum style so you get to try a large variety of different dishes. We ended up ordering around 10 plates and had 3 drinks each, and our bill came out to 150 before tip. Pretty sweet deal if you ask me. Two thumbs up, definitely add this one to your list if you haven't been.
At first I thought it was just a lot of hype, but this place is legit awesome and totally worth the wait. Got into line at 505pm on a Friday and ended up getting a 715pm table. We got seated at the little island for 2 where the food comes out (best seat in the house in my opinion).The only thing I would say is, this is an awesome date spot, but I would recommend coming with more people, that way you get to try more things. I forced myself and my date to stuff ourselves silly because at a place like this, your eyes will definitely be greedier than your stomach. My highlights were one of the tartares and the ice cream sandwich dessert. I can't wait to go back!
4 STARS for the creativity of their restaurant. Call me crazy, but I was one of those people who woke up at 4AM just to make a reservation. The reservation date (May) was 60 days from when I booked it (back in March), so I decided to take this advantage to take my parents here for an early Mother's Day dinner. Was it worth it? DEFINITELY.State Bird Provisions offers tapas style food served on dim sum carts and trays. Loved this concept because I thought it was pretty creative and different. There's a small menu that lists pancakes, commandables, and desserts. There are also other dishes offered on their rotating dim sum trays and carts. I'm not going to go deep into the details of the food we tried, but just the gist of it.---Rabbit Pt: Kinda reminded me of the duck liver mousse, which I preferred more than the rabbit. It had this interesting taste that I wasn't too big of a fan of. :(Duck and Pea Croquette: Just OK. Not my cup of tea.. :(Duck Ham-Maitake, Pecan Pancake with Kumquat Mustard: Originally, I thought it was just going to be a regular pancake but with duck. I was wrong. It was actually pretty unique and tasty! There were so many bursting flavors. All the ingredients just meshed well together! The duck wasn't too fatty nor gamey. Garlic Bread with Burrata Cheese: Garlic bread was just OK, didn't really taste the garlic in it.. But loved the burrata cheese! Big portion of the cheese.Beef Tongue and Potato Dumpling: Beef tongue was OK, but really liked the potato dumpling! Chewy on the inside, but crispy and fried on the outside.Duck Liver Mousse with Almond Biscuits: Really enjoyed the duck liver mousse. Smooth and flavorful. The almond biscuit complemented it very well.Egg Custard with Sambal and Green Onions: Pretty interesting and tasty. It was like a soup but with egg custard in it. Really liked the kick to it. CA State Bird (Whole): State Bird = Quail. Just OK, had a little bit of crisp to it. Roti of Curry Rabbit: JUST OK. Not too memorable. Presentation was eh...Crispy Pork Belly: I love pork belly and I liked how it wasn't too fatty nor oily. Had that crisp to it. Hamachi on a Nori Chip: YUMMY! Hamachi was very fresh and the nori chip was very crispy. It was not too heavy.CA Black & White Bao, Saffron Custard, Golden Raisins, Pistachios: The bao was just a regular bao.. Nothing too special.. However, I did really enjoyed the custard meshed with the raisins and pistachios. Chocolate 'Ice Cream' Sandwich, Smoked Meringue, Spicy Cocoa Nibs, Strawberries: Sad, we missed when they were serving black sesame or the poppy seed ice cream sandwich a few weeks ago. :( This dessert was a bit too sweet for my liking and a bit too normal. :(---Overall, I do not regret waking up at 4AM to make this reservation. Definitely worth the experience. Service was excellent and the staff were pretty friendly and accommodating. The total bill was about $150 for 3 people, which was not bad at all, especially since we got to try out so many different types of dishes. Plus, my parents both enjoyed it since it's something different from the usual. If you do plan on giving State Bird Provisions a visit, I HIGHLY HIGHLY HIGHLY recommend getting reservations IN ADVANCE!!! :)
Very California, very SF. Creative food but in the end it's the taste that counts. Friendly service - which is oddly hard to come by in this city.Loved it.
Came here for a birthday dinner, really enjoyed the fifty-something miniature courses and vibe. Unpretentious scene, very thorough explanations of what every obscure dish was, and friendly staff. Only reason it doesn't get five stars is cause I felt like it was a bit overpriced for what it is. Nonetheless I'll be back!
I love eating in SF, it makes my travel life easier to deal with. This was a reservation which was epic to secure, getting 8 or 9 people into state bird for a tasting menu was a challenge. Thankfully everything aligned and when we showed up they gave us this awesome menu with loads of items on it. We weren't sure if we were supposed to choose but soon learned that they were bringing the whole thing. I will actually post the menu since I took a picture of it. Needless to say it was an epic meal, including awesome beer and wine. There were so many good items, I can say nothing was bad at all. We even ordered more dessert since it was so great.The service was excellent on top of the food. The place could be decorated a bit better, but I wasn't paying attention to anything else :)
Dim sum nourishment.Eyes are bigger than stomach...Cali valley quail.
American Dim Sum. This place is as good as everyone says it is- the food, staff and ambiance all world class. On Monday, I left South Bay around 3:45 and arrived in the City at 4:45 and got in line. There were 28 people ahead of me. I waited like everyone else- the crowd was not douchebaggy at all; all sorts of people who wanted to enjoy good food and couldn't get a reservation. At 5:30, they opened and let the people in with reservations and then started seating people who were waiting in line. They host team was fast, organized and courteous; they knew what they were doing. The couple ahead of us got the last seating available at that time at a community table so the hostess put us down for the second seating at 7:30. She took my number and said she would text me if a table became available earlier. We went to the Progress around 5:45 and had a few drinks. At 6:30, I received a text that our table would be ready at 6:45pm which worked out perfectly. We were seated and the staff immediately came over, took our drink orders, explained their concept. Our server was Christian, really down to earth, genuinely friendly and very sweet as he waited on us. My friends and I are talkers and we try to build a relationship with the servers; you never know what interesting nuggets you may find out. Christian told us he was happily married to what sounded like a wonderful lady! That aside, we sampled many things they brought around. You can order off a menu as well if you like so we did a little of both. My favorites from the dim sum selection were the pork belly- perfectly crispy, yet tender and very flavorful. It was served with plums, which you could use to soak up some extra sauce that gave you this lovely sweet, tart and savory flavor. The nectarine with either burrata or goat cheese was also simple, tasty and divine. We ordered the hearts of palm salad that had fresh cantaloupe and quinoa, which gave it a nice crunch and flavor. Off the menu, Christian recommended the kung pao chicken and kimchee fried rice. The kung pao had spicy chunks of chicken and sweet meat; it was definitely NOT your mama's kung pao, but so much better. The kimchee fried rice was slightly crunchy, with the kimchee tartness but also a nice savory flavor; it was surprisingly fresh- the kimchee was not wilted or soggy.Finally for dessert, we had the olive oil ice cream sandwiches with fresh berries. Very sophisticated in flavor and the sandwich part had the texture of shortbread. I would definitely go back to this place, wait in line and indulge with the wonderful food, staff and ambiance.
Worth it. 100%. Worth planning ahead. Fantastic food, fantastic service, reasonably priced. Dining for two with wine and dessert to take home? $150? Amazing oysters, incredible salmon dip and back-the-bus up entrees. The wait staff were professional, super knowledgable and casual. We felt so welcome and like the whole place was pumped to have us. A great experience all around, can't wait to go back!
KenScale: 9.0/10State Bird Provisions has been one of the hottest tickets in San Francisco ever since its opening. The concept sounds a bit quirky, in a Western "dim sum" style where servers bring daily changing small plates in push carts. While there are also printed menu items, the real fun of choosing each bite from the push carts is perhaps what drew San Franciscans in hordes such that waiting time at this largely walk-in restaurant can run hours. I was obviously very intrigued by what was going on at this restaurant, and at the end of the meal was absolutely stunned by the versatility of food. I typically give higher scores to restaurants with inventiveness that is hard to replicate elsewhere, and State Bird Provisions definitely belongs in that category. Among some memorable items from the push carts included the perfectly cooked pork belly, the silky smooth farro risotto with shiitake mushroom that had a nice Asian touch, duck liver mousse with almond financier that my dining companion couldn't stop raving about, the delightful trout parfait that was literally melting in my mouth, and persimmon (I don't even eat the fruit regularly, but was truly impressed with the salty spice that came with it). Among the printed menus, obviously you have to go for state bird (quail in this case), which was as crisp as you would imagine in your dream, and other dishes like quail eggs that came with farro, green olive salsa verde and apple and maitake and duck "fried rice" also showed a range of flavor and texture that was brilliant. Don't skip dessert and go for the szechuan pepper "ice cream" sandwich (despite its name, it wasn't spicy at all) and "world peace" peanut muscovado milk that was a delightful sip. I was looking for a dining experience in San Francisco that I haven't had before in NYC, and this place defniitely delivered!I showed up slightly after 5:30 p.m. when the restaurant opened and was offered seats for a party of three at the counter at 7:30 p.m. Good thing that I persevered and waited! The restaurant has a concise wine and beer menu so definitely sip a glass or two while cherishing the awesome dishes coming out from the kitchen. The dining area has that casual, hip vibe (I was somewhat surprised that the restaurant was located at a rather quiet and slightly sketchy corner of Japantown) that would make your dining experience even better, with friendly staffs explaining each dish on the push carts in detail. The hype for State Bird Provisions is real, and if you can score a spot within two hours, kill some time somewhere and wait. You won't regret it!
After my last experience, my entire party agreed that if this was our first time we would never come back. I been to State Bird on multiple occasions. Each time was with a party of four at 7:30pm and regardless of the day, the restaurant is always bustling and lively. My first experience was nothing short of perfection. As it was everyone's first experience, our waiter was informative by making great suggestions (provisions and the quantity to order), and attentive throughout our entire 1.5-2 hour meal. In all, we had 13 provisions, paid $78/person (including drinks), and most importantly was full!During my second visit, it felt like I walked into a different restaurant. The quality of the food was better than I remembered but the service was completely 180. It seemed like the variety of provisions was significantly fewer than the last visit, and our table received minimal attention. We played "the wait game" throughout the entire night. It got to a point where we started timing how long it would take for each item to arrive (15-20 minutes), and when it did I was surprised that the waiter did not put multiple orders for each provision...4 people to a quarter size pancake....seriously? We ended the meal at 9:30pm after ordering 9 provisions, paid a painful $55/person, and was not offered any desert. I had to remind the waiter, who apologized and offered us complementary peanut milk (it was a nice gesture but too late).
State Bird Provisions is making a huge fuss. I didn't want to believe the hype, but i my predispositions were pleasantly overturned upon dining here. The standalone menu offers a variety of tapas that you can pair with their extensive (in both price and breadth) wine list. Excellent service and delivery. Really like the ambiance of the open air kitchen where you can see all the magic happen. Alongside the standalone tapas, chefs will swing by your dining area with freshly prepared daily specials, much like a contemporary dimsum. The cuisine here can be classified best as fusion. The flavors offer a melting pot of influences that really demonstrate the chef's knowledge of local and international flavors.While all dishes were fantastic, here is what was particularly memorable:- Raw Oyster with Spicy Kohlrabi Kraut and Sesame- Duck Liver Mousse with Almond Biscuits- Tuna TarTar & Seaweed Crackers- Pork Belly Plum Salad- Sourdough, Sauerkraut and Percorino Pancake- Bone Marrow Roasted with Trumpet MushroomsPROTIP: Do what you can do score a reservation. I was wowed by the value put out by SBP. Bold flavors, and even bolder pricing. The michelin star here is completely warranted. I'm excited to see them push the culinary envelope in the coming years.
Yum yum yum. Good food, great drinks, busy atmosphere. Will be back soon with family & friends. Loud chaotic atmosphere and has a party vibe.
Good food, not sure it's worth the wait. Don't get the State Bird dish, over breaded hardly any meat. Steak Tar Tar toast was best dish hands down! Sat down at 5:30, stayed until almost 8pm, then got the visit from 5 different employees, clearing our table, filling water, asking if we needed anything else, dropping the hint they wanted us to leave.  So we left.
This review makes me sad because I had waited so long to come here to State Bird Provisions. They claim that they have a "significant number of tables" reserved every night for walk-in's. This is actually a lie. On two separate occasions I went in about 30 min after opening and asked if there were any time(s) left that night at all and the said they were completely full and when they heard I didn't have a reservation they rolled their eyes and scoffed at me.Attitude aside, my bff managed to snag a resso super late one Friday night and I was pretty determined to come. We had a party of 4, and we were eager foodies so we decided to get pretty much *everything*. The only dishes that were memorable were the fried green tomato and the ravioli / dumpling. Literally everything else was mediocre to subpar to downright not good. I was pretty shocked. The bone marrow was pretty terrible, not well done at all, and the bread was like spongy vinegar instead of sourdough. Overall, I didn't like this place. Everything was also quite greasy, it was like they didn't know any other style of cooking except grease, butter and more grease. And apparently vinegar spongy sourdough. If you had your hopes up for this place ... sorry don't be sad if you don't get a reservation.
I made it to State Bird Provisions....FINALLY! With all the "hype" about this place, I went in with very low expectations.Reservations are suggested and need to be made months in advance. It took me a while to get reservations here as I was trying during the day. Turns out you need to make reservations at 4:00 a.m. in order to score a spot! As I was standing in line waiting for the doors to open, I felt like a kid standing in line at Disneyland anxious to get on a ride. But in this case, I was anxious and excited to get in and finally dine at this establishment. The second you walk through the door, you are immediately greeted by the friendly staff members. The selling point is the "dim sum" concept, but in this case, it's not Chinese food that's being carted or carried around. The vibe was fun.We ordered: Pork spare ribs glazed in it's own juices ($12) - Amazing! For the price, you get, four generously portioned pieces and very tasty. Pork fell off the bones and would have probably gotten another if we didn't have so much to try already . The pork was very tender and perfectly seasoned. This was our favorite dish of the night! (***)Duck and fontina cheese croquette ($4) - 2 pieces per order and was pretty tasty.Guinea hen w/ cumin dumpling - 1 piece per order and "A" enjoyed this. The lemon flavor was refreshing and made it different from what he's used to. I, however, wasn't a fan as the cumin was overwhelming.Salmon tartare - "A" thought this dish was just OK. Although nothing unique, I found it quite refreshing with the cucumbers. (**)Hamachi crudo on seaweed cracker- This came on a big piece of seaweed with hamachi pieces on top. One of our favorites as it was tasty as well. (***)Roti of curry rabbit, lentils, & mushrooms - I couldn't taste the curry, but the rabbit was tender and not dry. Large portion and was ok, wish it had more flavor (*)Roasted bone marrow with mushrooms and pink peppercorn - "A's" usually not a fan of bone marrow so I have no idea why he decided to try this lol. He was pretty full by the time it arrived, but it wasn't bad.Fried pork belly - One of "A's" other favorites. I thought it was a bit too fatty, but it was tasty. It reminded me of the salt and pepper pork chops you get at Chinese restaurants. (**)Garlic bread with burrata cheese- Our least favorite dish. We didn't taste any garlic and assumed it would be crunchy but it was like eating a donut with a glop of cheese on top. (*)Oyster - I thought this was just OK (*)CA state bird with provisions ($9 half order) - Fried buttermilk battered quail with a sauted onion sauce. Although this is their specialty, I thought it was just okay.SBP Hibiscus Ginger Lime Soda - It was okay..kind of had a medicinal taste.Chocolate "ice cream" sandwich, smoked meringue, spicy cocoa nib, apricot ($8) - delicious. I liked the chewiness of the brownie. ***Must try**Really good*MehOverall, we enjoyed our dining experience. Some dishes were a hit and some were a miss, but that's expected. I wouldn't mind coming back to try some of the dishes I didn't get to try.
FUN IDEA! My friend made reservations for my last day in SF before flying off to the East Coast and we were seated as soon as we arrived. The state bird with provisions was really delicious. Their oysters were YUM, and I also liked their chips with salmon and avo dip. The air dried beef was interesting and had a nice kick. The garlic bread with (I forgot what kind of) cheese was really yummy! There were also a bunch of other items we got that i can't remember off the top of my head. Overall, this was a fun experience.
Yup I got a reservation. When my friend called, I couldn't believe it was true. The food here was really good, but even more amazing was the wacky combinations of items. That's why SBP gets my 5 stars. We are:-kimchi rice. So BOMB!-sauerkraut and ricotta toast. yum!-heirloom toast- squash-salmon poke-garlic bread and burrata. holy heck get like 5 of these.-mini peppers and Goat cheese-Japanese custard with pork. GREAT!-Arneis, Fox Hill vineyard wine = gross-pint noir by glass = good-White tea, samon roe, mini knocchi, pickled onions cold soup provision -state bird provision tasty but too greasy. On a bed of pickled onions and something good.All this food was more than enough for 2 people. While all the food was not amazing overall it was really good. The overall experience is what makes it unique and fun! Different from other SF restaurants.
3.5 STARSI've been trolling State Bird's reservation page almost daily for close to a year. Yes, every time I went on my tablet, cell, computer, etc, it would open up to the State Bird reservation page. Other than the occasional same day reservation for 9:30p that would pop up around 7p AFTER I already ate dinner, I've had no luck! Imagine my surprise when I found an abundant amount of reservations after they moved to Open Table. Now, you probably know what happened with that. If not, you should read this article: insidescoopsf.sfgate.com. I was one of the lucky ones and got my reservation reinstated after some back and forth with Open Table and State Bird.Roasted bone marrow with mushrooms and pink peppercorn: My favorite dish of the night! Plenty of marrow and mushrooms. Perfectly roasted!CA state bird with provisions: This was perfectly fried and crispy on the outside while still nice and moist on the inside. Sooo good!Duck liver mousse with almond biscuits: Yum! I love liver and this one didn't disappoint. Nice and creamy with that delectable liver flavor.Grilled asparagus, preserved lemon-green garlic aioli: I love asparagus and this was grilled nicely.Garlic bread with burrata: I love garlic bread and I love burrata. I just wished that the bread could have been a little more garlicky. Couldn't really taste it with all the burrata on top.Raw oysters with spicy kohlrabi kraut and sesame: Oysters were overpowered by the spicy kohlrabi kraut and sesame. I wanted to enjoy some of the sweet oceany taste of the oysters. Pork belly blood orange salad: The pork belly was cooked to the point where it crumbled in my mouth. If not for that I would have enjoyed this dish.Guinea hen dumpling in aromatic broth: Overwhelming taste of fish sauce in the broth.Steak tartare caesar lettuce cups: Caesar dressing was a little overpowering. The steak flavor didn't really come through. I would have actually preferred this with tuna.Wild king salmon tartare with fermented turnips: My least favorite dish. The salmon tartare was chopped to a point where the texture was just mushy.Unfortunately this is what happens when a place is hyped up. I'm expecting the place to be amazing! Especially when it's so hard to get a reservation. I adored the bone marrow, state bird and duck liver, but everything else was just okay or seemed to have a combination of ingredients that didn't quite mesh, so 3 stars for the food. Since our server was so sweet, I bumped it up to 3.5.
Ok seriously, how unique, creative, fun, amazing and awesome is this restaurant? I'd say it's worth the hype, especially when you spot Hilary Clinton eating in on the same night. Pretty awesome.So first thing's first- how to even get a seat without a reservation: wait in line before the restaurant opens to either get seated right away or get a reservation for a later time. This was our case on a Sunday night-- walked in 10 min before opening and there were about 20 ppl in line. We were not able to get seated right away but we got a 9:30 pm reservation. Whatever, we'll take it! They said if something opens up earlier, they'll call us. Never happened. I assume this restaurant never has cancelations. Plan B- drink at a local bar, AKA social study around the corner.Now that the logistics are out of the way, at least have 3-4 ppl to your party. I think that's the magic number. There are 2 ways to order food: (1) holler at your waiter for certain items that are not offered by waiters walking around with trays and (2) get offered food by waiters walking around with trays. Short version: if you like the ingredients, just order it. Everything here is good. Yes, everything. They say the menu changes all the time so here's what we had:ORDERED off the menu:- Anchovy toast- SO GOOD. Small size- Ahi tuna toast- also good. Small size- Fried pigeon- one of statebird's key dishes. Amazingly crisp and flavorful.- Ice cream sandwiches- came in 4 bite size portions, garnished with a thin slice of cheese (manchego?). Talk about mixing sweet and salty and making it totally work! Addicting and oh so good. - Chocolate caramel pudding with some kind of crisp- again, very good- Warm apple cake with cream and fennel seeds(?). Smaller portion than the other desserts. Not as sweet, but also good.BROUGHT TO US (AKA CART STYLE):- Oysters- nice little unique sauce; not your typical sherry vinegar or simple lemon- Fried bread with goat cheese- we got the last of a batch so it was a bit lukewarm but all the flavors were there. I imagine a freshly fried one would have been better.- Chicken and shrimp ravioli in a dashi broth? Not creamy. Delicious.- Dry aged beef- could have done without this dish; it's kinda like beef jerky but the flavor and broth/ sauce accompanying it were great.Think we got most of the circulating items except the beets and some other veggie concoction (go figure, I was with 2 boys!)Great service, experience and food. No wonder all the hype!
Food was pretty good and the "dim sum-like" service was excellent but I'm not giving a higher rating because of the food/value ratio. The quail was fine but we have had better in the East Bay for lesser price. The price adds up faster than your stomach
It is true, getting a reservation here can be a bit tricky. You have to look at your calendar at least 2 months in advance to determine when is the best day to eat here. If you don't want to plan so far in advance, they do accept walk-ins. And the walk-in line can be pretty long! If anything, you can put your name down on the wait-list for a later time like after 9pm if you don't mind eating a late dinner. Regardless, the food is worth the 2 month wait and the long walk-in waiting list.The restaurant is casual but trendy. As for the food, there's the a la carte menu and there's the "dim sum" carts that come around. If you've had dim sum before, then you know you can order whatever is on the cart that comes by and the staff will mark/stamp your paper according to the price. The cart item prices can range from $3-$14. The menu does not change often unless they're seasonal items. My favorite items here are...Menu- chanterelle mushroom toast- beef tongue & horserasdish-buckwheat pancake - the tongue is cooked well but the buckwheat pancake was dry- CA state bird with provisions - this is a fried dish. The sauce is cheesy and creamy, while the bird is crispy.- "world peace" peanut muscovado milk - this is my favorite of all favorites here. I could just drink this during the entire dinner service. It is not too sweet and not too heavy. I remember asking the staff how this was and they said that it was rich and sweet. I'm not much of a fan for sweets and don't like sweets but this dessert has the right amount of sweetness to it.Cart- guinea hen dumpling with aromatic broth - eating hen is an acquired taste. The broth is flavorful but I always get so thirsty after eating this. Could be due to the high salt content in the broth.- duck liver mousse with almond biscuit - the almond biscuit (hint of honey) was soft and warm. It went perfect with the smooth liver mousse.- pork belly grape salad - this is served with a "Vietnamese vinaigrette". Vietnamese vinaigrette = fish sauce. Don't get fooled by this. I'm Vietnamese and I grew up eating fish sauce so I'm used to the taste and smell. If you're not a fan, don't get it. Also, this dish is way too salty. Most likely due to not diluting out the fish sauce as much. Besides the fish sauce, the pork belly was cooked to perfection.- grilled octopus with kampot peppercorn & tomato salsa - they don't skimp out on the amount of octopus!- trout roe horseradish, creme fraiche chip & dip - this tastes good as it but when I eat it with the grilled octopus tomato salsa, it tastes even better!When my boyfriend and I ate here about a year ago, we both suspected that this place would become a Michelin Star restaurant and now it is!
Amazing! we like to go to State Bird before Fillmore shows - talk about a great combination! Fantastic food and service every time.
Great restaurant overall, but definitely with a reservation. I think I would have been disappointed if I had to wait 1hr+ to get a table. We ordered 9 dishes for 2 people and that was definitely too much food! Can't wait to go back with a larger group to try more dishes!Oysters: MehSalmon tartare: great texture and flavorsCrusted pork with a pear sauce: yummy but probably wouldn't get it againFried clams: NO. Regret getting thisDuck liver mousse w/ almond biscuits: bf loved this more than I did, but still good!Beef tongue pancake: YUM! One of my favorite things..great flavor and that pancake alone is to die for.Red trout: LOVED this. We got the 1/2 order and it was a good size to split! The flavors were perfect. State bird w/ provisions: SOOO GOOD. The crunchyness of the batter and the onion sauce..just perfect!Garlic bread w/ burrata: Reeeally good! It's definitely not what you'd expect it to be like. I'm so sad that we didn't have room to finish this.
This place is good if you walked by and was able to get a table right away. Definitely not good enough to wait in line for 30+ mins or have to make a reservation months in advance. Dim sum style for bite size food coming by every 5-10 mins will have you hungry still after an hour of eating. Not worth the hype at all. Service was okay and mainly because of the reaction I got from the server when I told him that our quail was too pink for us to eat. His response "that's how it's supposed to be." Well then, good for you and your establishment but it's still too pink for me. They came back with a "well done" quail and it was still moist and juicy so not sure why they insisted on the pink quail. Nothing to write home about.
Despite all that hot rave about this place, my take on this place is 3.5 stars. I would think my expectation was excessively high given the phenomenal hype on this place plus scoring a table finally after several failed attempts. Their menu consists of tapas style dishes served in carts fusion modern dining and a short and sweet menu. Needless to say, the tapas dishes are creative. Some were pleasant to the palate and interesting. I definitely give points to bold experiments. However, I felt that the dishes were far too rich. In other words, superabundant use of cream and diary based ingredients. I guess they are successful in spawning out a true American style tapas in that sense. On their commadables menu - which is effectively their entree menu had a dish called 'Dungeness grab kimchi yuba with smoked eft bottarga'. I must criticise on this one as it was an epic failure. I give high credit to the chef's attempt to infuse the very funky fermentable Korean condiment to the local crustacean, Chinese vegan noodles, the taste was an epic failure. It isn't the chef's fault. It's the complex and tricky nature of that strange callous dish called Kimchi which is so difficult to produce a refined taste. I personally have also tried a multiple times, to produce something more sophisticated than Kimchi burritos or burgers with this unsympathetic ingredient. Then I came to a conclusion that we need not reinvent every food into a elegant concoction. I would recommend saving Kimchi for better purpose - comforting commoner's food such as tangy-spicy fried rice or the comforting zzhigae (stew) with coarsely cut pork belly with tofu. That's not to say that we should stop the adventurous culinary expedition with Kimchi, of course! Sevice and Ambience is excellent. I love the wooden interiors and friendly staff.
Nothing about this place was a disappointment.Lined up at 4:30 on a Friday -- line started moving at 5:30 -- got a reservation for 9 p.m.Grabbed happy hr. sushi across the street. Went to the movies.9 p.m. -- table not ready -- free bubbly just for being patient and happy9:20 -- chef's table! Order everything! Yum yum yum yum yum.Chefs are great! Servers are great! Food is great!If we could've cartwheeled out of here, we would've. But too full.
Obligatory mention of the hype and how innovative of a concept SBP deploys. Hype, coveted reservation, Michelin star, innovative, comfortable environment. Check, check, check, check and check. Now what about the food?? Let's eat! Oh....That's it? No real wow factor here. Everything was good, don't get me wrong.. But nothing lived up to the hype and I would probably skip this one if I could walk right in sans reservation.
Fabulous, inventive food and worth the waits. The menu changes all the time so it's worth visiting more often to try the variety. It's a casual restaurant so no need to dress up. The Progress right next door is a great option for a fancier event.
A fun experience with the family! The food was great with so many selections. I would definitely come back to try the dishes we missed, if I can get a reservation. Loved the ice cream sandwiches!
Went for my bday. Pretty hard to get a reservation. I liked the concept of american dimsum/tapas.I was expecting something a bit fancier though, but overall liked the atmosphere. We were pretty happy with everything we ordered. We actually wanted to try almost everything, which is always a good sign. Bill was surprisingly pretty reasonnable.
Wow!! One of the best meals I've ever had in SF- each dish was so carefully prepared and delicious! We ordered a combo of dishes off the menu and from the carts. Some standouts included Steak tartare, duck liver mousse, fried rice, burrata, and chawanmushi. Dining experience was excellent - great service. I arrived early and the table was ready. Excited to go back a second time.. Guess I better make a reservation now for April! :)
Delicious and interesting food as well as EXCELLENT service. My favorite things were the Dungeness crab and kimchi yuba, squash and gruyere pancake, and Japanese cheesecake. Best to sit at the counter to watch the chefs at work. They are very friendly and all the servers were very knowledgeable about the food. I waited starting at 4:30 and could have sat down immediately at 5:30 but chose to wait for the second seating at 7:15 so that I could do some other things at a nearby coffeeshop. The one hour wait was actually not painful at all; I listened to music and read a book on the kindle app on my phone. Just being happily full after dinner is a lot more than I can say for many other fancy restaurants.We left extremely full. We had 12 dishes of varying size, drinks for two people and the check was $65 per person pre-tip. I think this is extremely reasonable pricing given the complexity of the food.
I made a reservation 2 months in advance so I could try this spot. There is no sign on the building or on the door. I just saw a long line forming outside the door. My reservation was for 530 pm on a Monday night for 2 people. They seated us at a table in the back (why by the bathrooms when we had reservations?) but we asked to sit at the chef's counter, which they agreed. It was nice because my husband and I watched how the chefs prepared the food. We were at the prime spot to see what food was coming out first.Overall, the food was really good. Every dish was unique and freshly prepared. We tried some of the dim-style small plates, as well as the dishes you have to order from the server. Here's what we had:-Dumplings in broth-Pork loin with something like apple sauce-oysters-duck liver mousse with biscuit-"Fried rice" -with duck, ham and mushrooms-CA state bird (battered and fried quail)- small portion-green garlic-steak tartare caesar toast-grilled asparagus, black trumpet aioli & gruyre toastMy favorite was the dumpling. I don't know what was in it, but they serve one small dumpling in broth in a little dish the size of a soy-sauce dish. I also really enjoyed the state bird and the fried rice.Service was good. Staff were really nice and friendly. It was a cool experience to try out but I probably wouldn't go back unless it's a special occasion. For the food we ate and 2 beers, the bill came out to about $100, not including tip. For me, we paid for the experience and quality of the food. I would recommend it as a place to try out if you're looking for a different experience with quality food.
Came here one night after a friend gave us their reservation at the last minute. The atmosphere was perfect for a date night. The servers quickly seated us and informed us that we could order off the menu and/or grab items off the carts that pass by. This is the same style as traditional Dim Sum restaurants I've been to in the Bay Area. I appreciated the use of the idea but it was unclear if they give credit to the culture that style of dining comes from. They had a fair wine and beer selection. The quality of the food was unequal. Some tapas/small plates were amazing and exciting combinations while others were just ok. I was left feeling only ok with the overall experience after all the hype around the restaurant. It had just been mentioned as the best restaurant in San Francisco and I had passed up on ramen to come here. I expected an the dining experience of the year and got very much disappointed. I was left thankful for the opportunity but wishing I had gotten ramen.
We got reservation a month and half in advance which wasn't painful at all. We go to SBP and were greeted nicely by the metre who offered us a seat at the bar. The ambiance is really nice and young and every server and cook/chef is very nice and helpful. Always get a seat at the bar if you are there with a friend: you'll have first pick on all amazing dimsum. No let's talk about the food. We had duck prosciutto, an individual raviolo and green fried tomatoes which were nice but nothing to write home about. In a higher category I would put the eggplant salad, the mushroom crostino, the burrata (most famous dish of this restaurant) and the trout. Nice balance of flavors and interesting combinations. My personal favorites were the albacore tuna, the salmon tartare, the savory pancakes and the verbena lemon ice cream cookies... Really really good.  The only disappointing dish was the olive oil chocolate cake.  The bill was $60. More than reasonable for the quality of the food and service. I will come back for sure!
This place ended up being a 3.5 star place for me. I love the dimsum style eating, but the food wasn't as good as I had expected.I wanted to see how this place matched up with Rich Table.First wave: Raw oysters with spicy kohlrabi kraut and sesame (oh, so fresh), hamachi-avocado on a seaweed cracker (tasted really good), sourdough, saurkraut, pecorino and ricotta (maybe my favorite), steak tartare lettuce wraps (pass), duck & sottocenere croquettes (very light for something fried), and duck liver mousse with almond biscuit (I've had better pate). The first three were the best of the round.The second wave included: garlic bread with burrata (nothing special), hearts of palm with avocado, pomelo and tahini-chili oil (forgettable), pork belly grape salad (very good pork belly), spicy dungeness crab kimchi yuba with smoked egg (definitely would get again!), and quail eggs on a cast iron skillet with apple, sunchokes and mt. tam [?] (this was uniquely awesome).Next round was the famed CA state bird wit provisions (not as good as what it should be), grilled asparagus with walnuts and pecorino (skip), red trout with mandarins and hazelnut brown butter (I enjoyed this one a lot), and grilled beef and brussel sprouts with umeboshi and bonito (everyone loved it...I thought it was ok).For dessert we had spiced cocoa nib 'ice cream' sandwiches (decent), black pepper pecans wit plum fudge (earthy), and guava tres leches with chevre creme fraiche, rhubarb and pistachio (easily my favorite). We also added on a couple other dishes.The meal was good and fun, but not as good as it's hyped up to be. The savior was the cute waitress, Penelope (majestic name), who was super knowledgeable about the menu and was super nice. She easily bumped my review up to 4 stars!
This was not my original #600. It would have landed four or five spots later chronologically, but this jumps the line with good reason. Having a busy week after a grueling business trip, my Yelp skills were rusty (translation: I was exhausted!) so forgive my lack of details.A blow by blow is too difficult given the number of dishes and the time constraints of the meal, so here's my summary:Signature dishes1) Sourdough pancakes (yelp.com/user_local_phot) - After devouring one, understood why it is a signature. If you're a bread person, you'll like this.2) State Bird (yelp.com/user_local_phot) - Think mini fried chicken (it's quail though) with pickled onions. Can't get more deliciously crispy than this.Highlights3) Pork belly - Melted in my mouth and softened my guilt with a grape leaf salad. Forgot to click my camera on this one.4) Crab dip & salsa with homemade chips (yelp.com/user_local_phot) - Remember that Lays chip commercial, betcha can't just eat one? That's how addictive these are and with crab dip that had a perfect texture, not too creamy.5) Black sesame ice cream sandwich (yelp.com/user_local_phot) - A fellow diner commented that the cookie reminded her of sesame cookies from Taiwan. Did somebody say 'ice cream'?6). Peanut shot (yelp.com/user_local_phot) - Think mini peanut milk shake.PlusWith the number of offered dishes, it's amazing how they are able to present such a variety of flavors without being repetitious, unique in their own way. They are also innovators in giving you choices between the set menu items and the 'dim sum' style served foods that are offered as the servers walk the room.MinusDue to the crowds and long line, a diner may feel obligated to somewhat rush his/her meal as a courtesy to both the waiting customers and the restaurant. If you are looking for a leisure dinner with conversation, this probably is not a good choice. We were in and out of the restaurant in about 90 minutes, amazing considering that we had about sixteen courses not counting desserts.You may wonder why the change in the review format. I couldn't remember the descriptions and names of every item that we ate. Age is catching up with me... what's your name again?!Overall, the experience was five solid stars. From our gracious hosts (inside connections), the special perks (complimentary glass of bubbly and meeting the chef), the service (courteous and efficient... plus a familiar face from another Michelin restaurant up north), and the food, amazing varying flavor profiles! Just wished that I could remember more about it. Will I be back? You can bet on it, but hopefully when my mind is in a better state.
Worth a visit. Food was good with nice options. Enjoyed a dish on a previous menu but with their changing menu, it wasn't available. Maybe next time.
We were a party of 8 and it would have been near impossible to make a reservation at midnight 60 days in advance. This is a very hot restaurant in the bay area and we decided to queue up early to get into the restaurant. The restaurant does not have any signage, however, if you show up around 3:30, you can see the chefs through the windows doing their prep work. Yes, we were on queue at 3:30. Two whole hours before they opened up on a Saturday afternoon. Luckily, we took turns doing shifts on queue. There is plenty to see and visit around this area. At approximately 3:40, there were already two other parties behind us. I suggest you start queuing up around 4 pm on the weekends. There are people with camping chairs at 4:00 and the line is now about 15 deep... People are not kidding around.The concept of having a smaller menu along with a rotating dim sum menu brought around by servers on trays is great for people with ADD and commitment issues. We ordered a couple items off of the menu and mainly focused on what was bringing brought around. We tried a large variety of different items and while many stood out as stellar, there were a couple that were duds. We really enjoyed the halibut tartare with house made nori crackers. I would seriously buy a bagful of these crackers if they were for sale. Other standouts were the pork belly and plums, fried quail, anchovy toasts and the mushroom toasts. The toasts were made on house made foccacia and was sublime! Oh, the bone marrow was also fantastic!Hmm... I would say this restaurant is worth the queuing up for. It may feel overwhelming at first but the dishes are small enough for you to try many different things without causing palate fatigue. Another huge boon is the very decent price point. A must visit if you are ever in the bay area!
Love State Bird Provisions! Carts of various creative foods roll by your table all night. We went in a group of 5 and tried most of everything that came by on the carts while only ordering a couple dishes off the menu.Mostly the food was good. Only a couple of the dishes were crazy delicious. We went a year ago too and I remember a lot higher crazy delicious to good dishes ratio, but since the dishes change every night, I guess some nights are better than others. Some of the memorable dishes were:- Oysters - pretty good! They came with I-don't-know-what on top of the oysters, but it tasted good!- Mushrooms on bread - This was from the menu and it was delicious! Do not leave State Bird Provisions without trying this!- Salmon with seeds on top - The combination sounded interesting and the dish looked really pretty, but this wasn't memorable taste-wise.- Chips and trout/guac dip - This was delicious! The trout and guac mix went together surprisingly well.Desserts were less exciting though, but maybe my nut allergy removed the best options. We tried an olive oil cake, but this tasted pretty bland. The peanut butter milk was good though!I love the creative environment of SBP - tons of different types of food and surprisingly good combinations of ingredients. This is a must-try for anyone who lives in/near SF!
Try everything as it was amazing, delicious, and creative. But the most uninspiring was the State Bird and it's Provisions.Don't rush to eat everything or you'll be too full to try an additional dish that comes around and they all come back to you so you aren't missing out.The wait staff and cooks are very interested in your pleasure. It's refreshing to see people so genuinely excited about food even if they are the servers. Very satisfying.
Live across the street from this establishment and asked myself why didn't I dine here earlier! Oh that's right, there is a 60-day reservation list but I bypassed that by just walking in with my wife. Sat right in front of the line cooks and indulged right off the freaking grill. The pork belly with crispy skin laid on top of this fish sauce concoction with sliced pluots knocked our socks off! YUMMERS!
The food was great! I liked their style of offering food both from their main menu and from waiters walking around the restaurant. It allowed us to sample a wide range of options. I docked one point because I think that the tables are really close to each other - but then again this isn't supposed to be a romantic setting.
Is it only me or I feel like this place is the worst place in town and really really overhyped. Okay, the "dim sum style" kinda service is rare but not that rare, and the food, the food is beyond mediocrity. This place required me a month in advance to book and failed in every aspect.
Went there with friends and had a wonderful meal together. The beef tartare was the stand out. The state bird was very good if not great. The vegetarian tapas were all good. They ouzo soda was a hit. Loved the desserts as well.: the creme caramel and the olive oil cake were eclectic . On the minus side: The duck liver mousse was a bit too strong and not quite in the league of the best foie gras to be had. But not enough to eliminate a star!
All the small dishes were great, and you can see them as they come by. Really fun and calm atmosphere. It's hard not to over order, everything was presented beautifully.
I've eaten at SBP 3 times, and each has been an event. Some dishes are really incredible in concept and presentation, and more often in taste... and while I recommend an evening here for anyone who can get it, some our dishes have really fallen flat. I will always go back... but it's not nearly as consistent as other excellent restaurants around town.
Nice place with some truly shiny dishes. Although most dishes are not so impressive. State bird is very good.
