The place is amazing. Top talent preparing fresh food. If you want to avoid the pack - the brunch is also great. My tips: 1) Try not to park around there. 2) Best desert after is Swensons
I have been looking forward to eating here for months as I had heard great things about this place. The people that work here are so nice but the food itself was a bit of a letdown.We order seven different dishes for 4 people. I don't think any of us walked out full but at the same time we didn't really want to order anything else.Here's the list and breakdown:Puffed Potato & Eggs - The highlight with a nice runny yolk in the middleDuck Pate & Mousse - Pretty standardSquid Ink Conchiglie Pasta - Good but you have to really concentrate to taste the flavorsWarm 'Banh Mi Style' Pork Belly - Good but what pork belly isn't?Grilled Spanish Octopus - Forgettable38 North Duck Breast - Also forgettableRicotta & Nettle Ravioli - StandardAll in all, I think the meal was fine but it was also just so unsurprising for the high-ish price tag it carried.
First thoughts when I walked in was that this was a pretty unique restaurant. There's a bar near the entrance of the restaurant and a tall table for people to stand around, grab a drink, and have a good time. The remaining part of the restaurant had a simple layout; tables that are kind of close to one another (which means that space is limited) and open kitchen (almost as if the chefs are cooking right in front of you). As for the menu, our waitress told us that the reason for the small menu is due to the constant changes and additions that they want to add. However, there are still dishes that have been on the menu since the first day they opened. With that being said, we were surprised by their extensive alcohol menu, which was 2 pages long. The food was overall incredibly delicious and worth trying. I'm not particularly a big fan of New American cuisine, but some of the dishes that were brought out; deconstructed pork belly banh mi, puffed potato and eggs, yellowtail and shrimp ceviche, duck pate and mousse, and 38 north duck breast .The pork belly was cooked perfectly- just the right amount of crisp while maintaining that juiciness from the fat. When paired with the sauces and baguette, all the flavors just come together and what seems as a simple dish, becomes a sensation in your mouth.The puffed potato and eggs melted in your mouth, but for me, I was unable to taste much of the crispy chicken skin. I would highly recommend to start off your meal with the yellowtail and shrimp ceviche because it'll be a refreshing teaser before you begin your meal. It's light, fun, and the yellowtail pairs very well with the acidity from the lime and is balanced by the sweetness from the coconut sauce.The duck pate and mousse was also another unique dish for me as it was my first time trying pate. Order this if you want something a bit more heavy to start off with. Super thick and creamy and comes with two little pretzel rolls.Finally, the 38 north duck breast had only two options to be cooked, medium rare and medium. I didn't know that this was an option for bird meat at all, but the waitress told us that it couldn't be cooked well done because it would become rubbery and wouldn't taste good. Although, it wasn't as memorable as the other dishes, it is worth the recognition for the style of cooking. Overall, our experience was fantastic. We had an amazing waitress who was very helpful and demonstrated her 10 years of experience in the restaurant business exceptionally well. The food was an interesting experience for us; new flavors and the style of cooking.
Ambience - Simple elegance, welcoming, and chillFood - OverratedWe ordered:1) puffed potato & eggs - it was good but I was expecting much more due to all the reviews2) yellowtail & scallop ceviche - tiny cubes of yellowtail and scallops, pretty bland, and a bit fishy3) 38 north duck breast - I was expecting a well-seared duck, but it was rubbery/fatty and the meat itself was flavorless. The dots of kale sauce had a grassy taste and did not compliment the dish. Bad decision...4) ricotta & nettle ravioli - this was good, tasted like spring but felt like it had been sitting there...5) peanut butter/jelly donuts - delicious sauce. The donut itself was like a beignet. It was good. Except for the ceviche, everything came out lukewarm. Not the most pleasant sensation when it's cold and wet out. I'm all for spending good money on great food but not good money on a-ok food.Lived in SF for 10+ years and I always brag about the culinary skills of Bay Area chefs to my friends. Unfortunately, there's no bragging here.
Came by with a reservation via OpenTable the other night and was certainly glad that I did as I was seated immediately upon arrival to a full restaurant! Parking in Russian Hill is challenging and the restaurant does offer 5% off your bill for using Uber.The restaurant itself is unique as it's in an older building. There are even a couple standing tables by the door near the bar for a casual meal!Started off with the squid ink conchiglie pasta which was on the salty side. The pasta had a fantastic texture and the seafood tasted fresh!Moved on to the puffed potato & eggs and this one was lackluster. It was sort of bland, although it was unique in the sense that it had an egg yolk inside the puff potato! The cauliflower mousse and crispy chicken skin was a unique add-on to the dish.The spring vegetable salad was very good. Vegetables were fresh and the custard made the salad filling!I was a big fan of Da Burga as the bread was light and fluffy! The burger patty was freshly made and crumbled nicely with the bread. I also enjoyed the coleslaw that blended quite well with the burger. The tater tots were okay.Ended off the meal with the Peanut Butter & Jelly Donuts which was the highlight of the meal. The beignets were light and fluffy (if only they could make them filled!) The peanut butter and jelly with the dish complemented this dessert quite well!Ambiance of the restaurant was more on the casual side as it was pretty loud inside and the tables were pretty close together... Staff was friendly! ~$45/head after tax and tip. There is a ~5% SF Health charge for the wait staff.
This place had more hype than Beyonce's debut album, and both seemed to disappoint to tickle my fancy!?! We had reservations at noon, we arrived about 15mins early and they told us to wait outside for a few mins until a table clears up and then they will call us in. So we sat outside on a bench like hobos waiting for our name to be called. I see another couple walk in and when we went inside to go check at noon to see if our table was ready, they were seated before us and no our table for 2 is still is not ready, but there's is?!? So we had to wait another 10 mins and this time I just stood right in front of the hostess giving her the "Eastside San Jose death look" so she doesn't give our table away again!?! #SoFrustratingAlso the menu is very simple, not a lot of selection but that is fine as long as the dishes are good "Quality over Quantity" like I always tell my playas.The Original Cup - super gingery if you're into thatSalmon Mousse Dip - really good, best thing we ordered, not enough bread given for the dip amount though so make sure you ask for secondsDuck Confit Entree - dry, small portion, really expensive, disappointmentSpicy Eggs w/Polenta & Pork Belly in Tomato sauce - not really spicy, a-ok, nothing special I don't know playas?...despite all the high Yelp ratings I was not impressed. The food was like 3.7, the service was like 3.1, I wish I could give it a higher rating but I can't, and I won't, and as Arnold would not say "I won't be back"...
Small menu that changes seasonally. All the dishes we ordered were considerably well prepared and delicious. My favorites: + Puffed Potato and Eggs (cauliflower mousse, chives, crispy chicken skin) + Crispy-skinned trout (celery root, roasted Brussels sprouts, beef jus)
Leave no STONE unturned.My brother kindly took my mom, myself, and some friends to dinner on our last night in the bay area. I found out that same night that he was wanting to try this restaurant for some time, and he thought a "last supper" with the family was a good reason for an inaugural visit.And about that STONE being unturned, I guess in this case the STONE would be a metaphor for the menu. My advice: peruse the menu carefully as there are certainly many appetizing dishes to choose from.The restaurant is cozy, yet elegant and simply decorated. Though we were slightly early for our reservation, the host extended a warm welcome and showed our group of five to our table.Some of the group did their due diligence in researching (via Yelp) the more popular or well-known dishes. However, their menu has many appetizers, entrees, etc. to choose from, as well as an extensive wine and spirits list.FOOD: Thanks to some helpful recommendations via Yelp, our group chose a variety of appetizers to share, these included the puffed potato and eggs, duck pate & mousse, and the squid ink pasta. Firstly, do order the puffed potato and eggs and the squid ink pasta. All of the accolades from other yelpers are indeed true. The potato and eggs are fluffy, light and delicious, while the pasta delivers bold flavors thanks to the seafood combination of calamari, squid, shrimp, and clams. The duck pate and mousse was alright, and I'd recommend asking for more bread if needed. My dinner entree was the butternut squash ravioli. It was simply divine. Cheesey goodness is more like it actually. Although the portion was smaller than I anticipated, the gnnochi was excellent. The brussels sprout pesto, truffle, and sage complemented the ricotta gnudi splendidly. In contrast, my mother ordered the trout, accompanied with brussels sprouts, celery root and beef jus. She liked it every much, as evident by her finishing almost the entire portion.I think the entree our table was most in awe of was the burger, or "DA BURGA" as its aptly named on the menu. This entree is of gargantuan proportions and is every bit as mouthwatering as it looks.....from what I was told by my two tablemates that ordered this behemoth burger. The burger bun is equally just as thick as the meat that sits between the two pieces, which barely contained the melted cheddar cheese that slowly trickled onto the plate. And its companion? Not just your ordinary fries, but baked potato tator tots. I was able to try a tator tot, and after doing so I began to doubt my original decision to order the gnnochi. I suppose a second visit is in order on a future trip to the bay area.SWEET TREAT: To end the meal, we all shared the peanut butter and jelly donuts. For all my Hawaii friends and family on Yelp, this is basically the bay area's version of malasadas. The generous portion of jelly within the donut was, of course, a fantastic combination with the peanut butter and truly brought back fond childhood memories. A comfort food and dessert rolled into one. SERVICE: Outstanding. Our server was a friendly and humorous woman who was extremely patient with our group, and took the time to answer all our questions to the best of her ability. She kindly offered recommendations on appetizers, entrees, and cocktails. She checked on us in a timely during the entire meal and provided excellent customer service. BOTTOM LINE: An incredible meal with wonderful friends and family. I'll be back to try "DA BURGA" for sure!! Those peanut butter and jelly donuts are awesome!
I've been wanting to try Stones Throw for a while, on the recommendation of a coworker. My boyfriend and I found ourselves in the area and came here without a reservation. We were a little confused, as the door decal and the posted menu said different opening times (5 pm vs 5:30 pm), so we came at 5:35, and were greeted warmly and invited to sit at the bar while the hostess checked if they could accommodate us. The first thing I noticed here was that they had a fantastic beer selection and a very well thought out decor and motif. We were seated just a few minutes after we arrived, and service was very fast. Maybe they were trying to get us out before the first reservation, but I was starving and happy that food was coming as quickly as it did. YELLOWTAIL & SCALLOP CEVICHEShrimp, Cucumber, Coconut, Jalapeno, Cilantro and rice chips So fresh, and the coconut - which could have either been really bad or really good - was surprisingly great!TAMARIND-GLAZED BEEF RIBEYE Crispy Black Rice, Broccolini, Toasted Garlic, ScallionPresentation was beautiful, with the red meat over the vibrant green sauce. Seasoning was fantastic and the rice was crispy.BUTTERNUT SQUASH RAVIOLI Ricotta Gnudi, Brussels Sprout Pesto, Truffle, SageSo delicious!! The ravioli and gnudi together gave it just enough carby richness. The brussels sprouts and butternut squash gave it a pop of color.We were too full for dessert, but appreciated the presentation. They give you a menu with chunky wood pencils, looking like a tree branch with a pencil tip on the end. They ask you to write your favorite childhood dessert, and if they turn it into a dish on the menu, the chef may ask you to return to try it. Cute concept. I love all the thought they put into making Stones Throw a welcoming and consistent place.
Even though we were seated about 30 minutes after our 7:15pm reservation time, I still am giving this place five stars for the following reasons:Service: I made a reservation months ago to celebrate my bf's birthday, so I called right before the date of our actual reservation to ask if they could do something special. The host was very nice and said they would do something for him. When we arrived at the restaurant, we were a bit early, so the host handed us a menu to get started with some drinks at the bar area. We ordered some wine and waited. About fifteen minutes after our reservation time, the host apologized for the wait and offered us a couple glasses of champagne to celebrate my bf's birthday. We obliged and 30 minutes later, we were seated and greeted with the duck pate appetizer right as we sat down! Even though they were running behind on their tables, the service was excellent and more than made up for the extra wait.Food: After doing our research on Yelp, we ordered the squid ink pasta and puffed potato & eggs to start, in addition to the duck pate. The squid ink pasta was very unique. It was infused with the seafood, so if you're not a fan of seafood, don't order it. Otherwise, get this and prepared to be amazed. The puffed potato & egg was really good. It almost reminded me of hash browns because of the crispy exterior, but the interior was soft and gooey. The duck pate was also quite tasty. The smallest addition of the mustard seeds made this dish amazing and the pretzel rolls are nice and soft. For our entrees, my bf ordered the duo of beef ribeye and braised short rib, which was nice and tender. I ordered the fish special with fresh veggies, which was also delicious. For dessert, we shared the PB&J donuts which were a great way to round out a great dinner.Cost: This is definitely a special occasions restaurant, but it's totally worth it. The service was excellent, the food was unique and delicious, and their beverage selection is impressive. Thanks for a great dining experience!
This place was a last minute decision and I am happy I made it! Prices are correlated to our crazy San Francisco real estate / rental / entertainment market. We shared:Yellowtail and Scallop Ceviche Grilled Spanish Octopus Duo of Beef Ribeye and Braised Short ribEverything was wonderful! Few glasses of wine and this meal made this rainy evening date kinda awesome. Addiing it to my favorites list.
Came here for brunch this morning. It is a nice trendy restaurant in San Francisco. All of the dishes were good. I was a bit disappointed that they don't have hot chocolate. They only offer coffee, tea, and a bunch of alcoholic beverages. I would highly recommend them adding hot chocolate since people come here for brunch during the weekend and they have a section in their menu dedicated for sweet food items.PUFFED POTATO & EGGS ($8)Cauliflower Mousse, Chives, CrispyChicken SkinThis was really good. Loved the combination of all of the ingredients. CINNAMON-SPICED MONKEY BREAD ($14)Bananas, Caramel, Cream Cheese Frosting, Toasted PecansI ordered this dish. So sweet! The bread was soft but the outside part was crispy.DUCK CONFIT HASH($17)Poached Eggs, Butternut Squash, Brussels Sprouts, Toasted FoccaciaMy boyfriend ordered this dish. I'm a fan of duck so this dish was really good. Everything was perfect. The ingredients went well together. I will definitely come here again for dinner next time. I hope they'll have hot chocolate added in their menu for brunch.
This is an easy one. 5 stars for the ambience, the menu, the great service, and of course, the fantastic food!As a Californian/American restaurant, Stones Throw keeps the menu simple. Sharing is caring - the plates are small but if you work your way through the menu you'll get a great variety. Highlights: PUFFED POTATO & EGGS, SAUSAGE STUFFED GRILLED QUAIL, and the TAMARIND-GLAZED BEEF RIBEYE.For the drinks Stones Throw focuses on local wines and German beer. Extra kudos for the waiter who spoke a little bit of German when I ordered my BERLINER WEISSE MIT SCHUSS - a local classic from Berlin. I was very surprised to find it on the menu.What I especially like about Stones Throw is the attention to detail. You'll find historic references to their food and drinks on the menu, and even the toilet is equipped with a little history on the building. After your dining experience you can leave feedback if you find anything missing from the menu. Neat idea - it's the little things that count.
Its a really solid place. Not everything we got was great but I still really enjoyed it and would definitely come back. We ordered the Duck Pate and Mousse, Puffed Potato and Egg, Squid Ink Pasta, Banh Mi Pork Belly, Grilled Spanish Octopus, 38 North Duck Breast, Duo of Beef Ribeye and Braised Short rib, Da Burga, and the Peanut Butter and Jelly donuts. My favorites were the Duck Pate and Mousse, Puffed Potato Egg, and Squid Ink Patsa. The Duck Pate and Mousse was amazing the layer was mustard goes so well with the pretzel bread. Puffed Potato Egg came together so well it was lightly fried and amazing. I am also totally obsessed with the Squid Ink Pasta! The Pasta was nice and briny and went so well with the seafood.
I visited ST last Sunday. I was asked to leave because I had a service animal with me. The hostess Tye, a surly woman at the front, was incredibly rude and condescending. She wanted to know why I needed a service animal. I was embarrassed and offended. I explained the proper way for restaurant staff to handle service animals and she asked me to leave. I have patronized this establishment many times prior, paying bills far over $200 a visit. (BTW- the food is not that good.) I intend to file a report with San Francisco Police, city counsel and Department of Justice. I have never been treated so rudely before in my life.
Don't you hate when you want to look up your yelp review to see what you had last time, and realize you didn't even post one. Ugh, how could I, especially when I absolutely loved Stones Throw. This was my birthday treat this year and from the moment I walked in, the service was on point. A happy birthday card was already on the table waiting for me! Great start, am I right? My best foodie friends brought me here with my hunny, and we went to town! We ate so much that I'm not sure if we didn't have something on the menu to be honest. Highlights to me were the squid ink conchiglie pasta, the duck pate and mousse, the puffed potato and eggs, and the corn cannelloni with gnudi. We also indulged in the oysters, crispy soft shelled crab, pork belly and crispy pig ears, pan roasted salmon, duck breast and roasted rib eye. Dessert came with another happy birthday message on the plate of peanut butter and jelly donuts and key lime tart with mojito sorbet.This place was such a nice experience. Not only was service relaxed and friendly, but they were very good about timing of dishes, as well as giving us plenty of time to really enjoy our food and have good conversations with our party. You can see that it is a real neighborhood gem. I'm so looking forward to coming here again. Also, I hear they are opening a new place in Hayes Valley. If it's even half as good as this place, I'm definitely there.
Good dating spot.Service and food are just okay, I couldn't find any impressive here.
I normally have a birthday dinner with my coworkers every year. This year, we celebrated a little later than usual. A couple weeks prior, I made a reservation through OpenTable for a party of 4 for Thursday, October 15th at 6:30pm.Food:*PUFFED POTATO & EGGS: Cauliflower Mousse, Chives, Crispy Chicken Skin ($8)*DUCK PT & MOUSSE: French's Mustard, Cornichons, Warm Soft Pretzel ($8)*SQUID INK CONCHIGLIE PASTA: Spicy Capers, Clams, Calamari, Shrimp, Tender Greens ($15 x1.5 for Main portion = $22.50)*38 NORTH DUCK BREAST: Duck Confit, Crispy Polenta, Tokyo Turnips, Huckleberries, Hazelnuts ($28)*"DA BURGA" aka DA DISASTER: Dressed & Ready, 'Everything' Baked Potato Tater Tots ($16)*PEANUT BUTTER & JELLY DONUTSI know everyone raves about the puffed potato and eggs, but for me, what blew me away were the baked potato tater tots. I already love tater tots. Stones Throw then goes and stuffs them with baked potato toppings?! I'm in heaven! For my entree, I got the duck breast which was perfectly cooked! Crispy skin, tender meat. We all shared the puffed potato appetizer. I thought they were good, but they didn't exactly blow my mind. Maybe I needed to eat more than one to fully appreciate it?One of my coworkers wanted the squid ink pasta, but it was listed under starters so she was afraid the portion would've been too small for a main. The restaurant was nice enough to make her an entree sized portion which ended up being 1.5 times the starter price. They were also very sweet and gave us the donut dessert for my birthday.Wines by the glass:*Sauvignon Blanc Scarbolo, Friuli, Italy 2014 ($11)*Chardonnay Talley 'Bishop's Peak', San Luis Obispo, CA 2014 ($9)*Cabernet Sauvignon Medlock Ames 'Bell Mountain', Alexander Valley, CA 2012 ($14)We all decided to do wines by the glass since one coworker ordered beer and we all had different glasses of wine. The wines were decently priced and I enjoyed my cab with the duck.Very fun place to have dinner and for a casual special occasion.
I'm absolutely blown away by how good their brunch is, especially because my boyfriend and I came here around 11:30AM on a Sunday and we were immediately seated. Who needs to wait two hours for brunch when places like Stones Throw exist? But seriously, it has been a long time since I actually stopped after my first bite of food at a restaurant just to marvel how good it tastes.We started with the Puffed Potatoes and Egg with Cauliflower Mousse, Crispy Bacon. Amazing and would recommend anyone to visit Stones Throw just to try this dish. (For dinner, the bacon is actually replaced by crispy chicken skin.) The mousse is perfectly fluffy, and the flavor was not overshadowed by the bacon.Our experience with the Puffed Potatoes also made me appreciate their impressive service too. The waiter serving us at the bar was knowledgeable about the menu, and he actually described step-by-step how the potatoes were prepared when we asked! He told us about how the egg yolks are frozen, then the puffed potato is built around the egg yolk and frozen again. And when it's time to prepare the dish, five of the balls are fried, and one of them is split open as a test to make sure the rest of them are fully cooked. DANG. I need to ask my servers more often how these dishes are prepared!For our entrees, we had the Duck Confit Hash and Spicy Tomato-Baked Eggs. The hash contained Poached Eggs, Summer Corn, Shishitos, Butter Biscuit, and Pepper Creme Fraiche. Perfect mix of flavors and textures. The pieces of cornbread on top of the hash was surprisingly my favorite part. On the second dish, eggs were baked into Creamy Polenta and Braised Pork Belly and served with a side of Avocado Toast. Also quite delicious. The polenta was not too creamy, and the sauce was not too tomato-y.Again, the service was great. We were even asked about our food allergies after ordering our food. The decor is also gorgeous, with a giant plant thing in the middle of a restaurant that reaches up to the ceiling... and wooden boomerangs adorning the walls. Would highly recommend Stones Throw for the food, service, and overall experience. Solid five stars.
This restaurant is meant for some sort of special occasion just because the tapa-sized, delectable and variety of dishes are meant to be shared with someone other than one self! That's exactly what I came to do. Made reservations, should have mentioned that it was my birthday and arrived to celebrate that special occasion. My group was late to the appointed time, as I expected and the hostess mentioned to me that they have a turnover time. Both factors contributed to my dining experience mood. It didn't help that the waitress didn't quite pair well with my taste buds on wine preference at that moment. She kept suggesting while my friend didn't have a clue. I wanted French and smooth, clean taste while she said that French was of the opposite spectrum. I became irritated at that point. I was beginning to think that maybe it was anxiety.Nonetheless, my party finally arrived and I got to get my munchies on. Pate paired with my French wine, (Yes, I get what I want) was a teaser. The pate was so minuscule and it didn't have much taste that I usually like in pate. The Duck breast was savory and the nicely cooked Scallops, were succulent. Ribeye was of the norm.The Squid ink conchigile pasta was unique! That caught my taste palate. Finely creamy with texture and lovely ink flavor. Decadent for the most part. Continued on with Pork ears and no desserts. My whoopla group didn't mention it was my birthday so I didn't get a special treat nor felt like it was a special occasion after all.It's a miss this time around in terms of setting the mood for fine dining affair with a special occasion. Unfortunately.
Come in, grab a drink at the busy, noisy bar. Yell to your friends and soothe your dry throats with wine.Or, better yet, as my friends and I did, book a table in advance. Walk all the way into the restaurant to find that there is actually more room in the kitchen than the eye meets. There, you can sit and talk to each other using your "indoor" voice. It's such a pleasant ambiance, in my opinion, and it feels so much more relaxing and homey.And of course, the food! The puffed potatoes, which should be eaten in one bite or it bursts all over. These little hot pockets of creaminess are the perfect start to your meal. And then, share the squid ink pasta with the table and indulge in the strong but not too overpowering seafood taste. Succumb to more pasta as your entree, and enjoy the sinful, cheesy ricotta gnudi, ravioli and fresh cubes of butternut squash. Let's not forget about the lemon bar dessert, as you enjoy the tart creamy lemon squares and the crunch of the pistachios in the ice cream. YUM.
Price:Puffed potato and eggs: $8Ceviche: $8Duck pate and mousse: $8Grilled Spanish octopus: $16Steak with crispy rice: $32 (I think)Squid Ink pasta (originally a starter, but we ordered it to be made entree size): $22.50Fall's Its It: $8This is San Francisco, expect to struggle with parking. I have a lot of things to celebrate this year, and the fiance and I decided to do our celebrating at Stones Throw. We were greeted at the door with a sweet congratulatory card from the staff. I appreciated the personal touch. Our server was friendly, attentive, and easy to get a hold of throughout our meal. Our favorite dish of the night was the puffed potato and egg. The fiance actually said, "This is one of the best things that has ever been done to a potato when he first bit into it. I seriously considered ordering a second one in place of a dessert. The ceviche was probably our second favorite item of the night. It was fresh, bright, and a good mix of texture between the soft fish and the crispy cracker. The duck pate was still good, but I'd probably skip this one if I ever came back. It was beautifully plated but the pretzel rolls were probably not ideal to accompany it. It needed a bread with a milder and less distinct flavor so that the pate could be the star of the dish. I also loved the grilled octopus. It was perfectly cooked. The texture was flawless and the dish was delicious. Yelpers rave about the squid ink pasta, but I thought this was alright. It was good, but I probably would also skip this one if I came back. The restaurant simply offers better items on the menu. The steak was probably the worst option of the night. We received a tiny piece of steak for the price on a bed of what was supposed to be crispy rice. When I think of crispy rice, I imagine the rice that's caked onto the side of the pot. What we got instead just felt like undercooked rice. Dessert here is based around the idea of making a childhood favorite modern and classy, and the It's It we received certainly fit the bill in that respect. It was a gorgeous ice cream sandwich that our server then poured a cup of melted chocolate over. We also got a complimentary mini sized peanut butter and jelly donut dessert with congratulations written across the plate. I enjoyed both of our desserts. All in all, this is an intimate modern restaurant with excellent service. We had some outstanding dishes and some that we'd probably pass on if we were to ever come back. It works as both a good special occasion meal, but also a nice spot to have a casual dinner with friends on a Friday night.
Hard not to echo all the previous great reviews but Stones Throw exceeded on so many levels they deserve a few mentions. The interior was good sized (for SF). Modern yet casual. Upscale without being pretentious while having enough space so u r not sitting on each other. The service was truly second to none. Extremely attentive without the "white tablecloth" overbearing. Everyone took the time to help us out and a few times servers heard questions amongst ourselves while walking by and stopped to help us out. I have never seen a drink list with the beers listed in categories like wine. Tons of unique brews that satisfied our cravings/curiosity. The burger was as advertised, fantastic. The short rib literally melted away in your mouth. My ravioli was cooked perfectly as was the squid ink pasta. Tons of flavor so going on with the pasta starter. The only eh dish of the night was the duck liver pate. Too heavy on the mustard seeds overpowering any other taste that were hidden underneath. Overall= smiles on all our faces.
Loved Stones Throw for brunch! Cute atmosphere and great food. Definitely order the potato egg puff to share. I had the monkey bread and it was great. Everything else on the menu looked amazing as well so I will be back. Also looking forward to the awesome dinner menu.
Had a really excellent meal at Stones Throw a few weeks ago. I didn't realize it was a wine and beer only kind of restaurant, but it turned out to be a nice constraint. The food was amazing.We started with the puffed potato and eggs, which were delicious, and I could have eaten three more orders of. Pro tip for the mixed marriages out there: my wife asked them to put the crispy chicken skin on the side (because she's a vegetarian), so I got a double-dose of that crunchy goodness.For my proper appetizer, I had the grilled octopus with chorizo and white beans, which was truly excellent. The octopus was extremely tender, and all of the flavors were delicious together. For my main course, I had the duck breast with polenta and turnips. The duck was cooked perfectly, and was also very tender.If there was a misstep in our evening, it was dessert. We ordered the pineapple upside-down cake, which ended up being the chef's re-interpretation of this (and other) classic desserts. A deconstructed cake is probably not worth calling a cake if it's broken up and strewn across the plate in various states of matter. I won't dwell on it because we also ordered a hard root beer to go with our dessert, and that ended up being one of the highlights of our night. Somehow everything worked out; I hope we get to go back soon.
Great food. Everything we tried was top notch. This is the kind of spot where I don't think it really matters what you get, it'll be amazing. Good service overall. I got the feeling upfront that our server was a little stressed out when we told her that, after she gave us a while to look at the menu, we weren't ready. After we did place our order everything was timed perfectly. Squid ink:The Squid ink Conchigile Pasta was a delight. If you like pasta you'll love this. That's all I'm going to say about it. You must give it a try. Grilled octopus: Yum! I don't get octopus enough. I think it's a childhood issue that I still need to resolve. This dish is one of special delights that you won't just stumble upon. There was a lot of time and effort put into perfecting this delight and it worked. When I think of this restaurant this will always be at the front of my memory. Puffed Potato: Awesome. As you've already found, everybody loves the Puffed Potato & Egg. Get it. It's crazy good. When the egg mixes with the Cauliflower its paradise. 5 Stars!Steak: The Tamarind Glazed Beef Ribeye wins the highlight of the night for me. The meat was so tender you could eat it with your spoon. The rice though was blissful. Usually I don't wast my time eating rice but this was something else. Great beer selection but No Booze: Unfortunately they only have a Beer & Wine so make the most of it. They have an excellent selection of beer.Although I didn't get to try them the Burgers they look look killer! These babies look bountiful. Look at those pictures. I can't wait to come back and try one of them. My seat faced the kitchen so every time one of these puppies came up I had to look at what I was missing out on. Parking: There is no parking. The only way to get here is to Lyft it up the hill. Please don't even think about parking. If you insist on cluttering the streets you'll be lucky to find anything in less then an hour. I will be back, ASAP! The value here is excellent.
Food was more a 3.5, but the ambiance and service can make up for what's lostThe decor was modern chic; I really wish we got to sit near where the windows were in the resto to have a nice view of the streets or even the small open kitchen, but the dimly-lit part that we were seated had a nice ambiance nonethelessI was a big fan of the squid ink pasta. The spicy capers and bits of seafood were merely gilding the lily, because the conchiglie pasta itself is the winner. Never did anything that looked so dreary taste so goodThe warm pork belly & crispy pig's ears were okay. I thought the yukukosho creme fraiche was an interesting ingredient of the dish, but the pig's ears were too oily for my taste and overpowered the other components of the dish.The 38 north duck breast was nicely done. Plating was beauty, and the duck was cooked very well. I loved the touch of plum the chefs added to this dish, and vadouvan was a new spice that I had for the first time with the duck (a type of Indian curry with a French twist)
Get it all. Just go ahead and order everything.Did I try everything? Well, no. But I feel fairly confident that just about everything you choose to order here will be impressive in some way or another, albeit taste or presentation. Dish after dish, the group I was dining with marveled at each delicious, and creative course that we enjoyed. Ironically, one of my favorite offerings was one that I least expected to like. I'm typically not big on pate, but the duck pate was outstanding. The puffed potato and egg was also just incredible. I think I was doing little happy dances under the table with my feet and potentially humming songs I don't know while I ate both of these.And how can you go wrong with fresh peanut butter and jelly donuts? That's right. You can't.Anyway, this review is a long time coming but it's still one of the best meals I've had over the past few years.
The host was really friendly, though seemed a bit stressed. We called before heading over and waited not too long without a reservation before being seated. Service was speedy, polite and appreciated his descriptions of each dish as it came out. We weren't super hungry so just split a few starters.Heirloom Tomato Salad - Fresh, flavorful and with slices of peaches and olive oil and yogurt sauce and lavash chips.Duck Pt with Mousse - pt was rich and creamy though not mind-blowing, liked how the mustard gave it a tiny kick. The little pretzel buns it came with were warm, toasty and buttery and were the perfect vehicle for the spread.Sausage Stuffed Quail - Quail was lean, juicy, not gamey at all and the barbecue rub was tasty. The melon and mint squares it was garnished were an interesting fresh compliment to the quail.Corn Soup - Velvety and sweet soup, rich but doesn't feel heavy in your stomach.Overall, it was a solid offering and slightly impressed at the subtle inventiveness of some of the dishes (3.5 rounded up for ambiance and service), but I expected more of the food because of how everyone raves about it. I'd be open to trying an entree or dessert sometime.
I had a friend visiting from out of town and wanted to take her to somewhere delicious for her first time in San Francisco. This place did not disappoint. We started out with the 'snacks' portion of the menu. We had country fried miatake mushrooms and the puffed potato and eggs. Wow both were out of this woke delicious but the potatoes took the cake. I could eat this every day. Then we moved on to the starters. Our waitress recommended the octopus and the squid ink pasta. Holy mother of god both those dishes were out of this world. Now I've had a fair amount of squid ink pasta in my day but this one was so delicious and unique it may be in my top 3. The octopus was tender and delicious complimented by the white beans and chorizo with a saffron aioli. So good. Lastly we had the butternut squash ravioli. Yummmmmm. I could have had an entire plate of the ricotta gnudi. We finished with the pb&j donuts. Not a bad haul for our first time at stones throw. We will be back it was bomb
I came here for my birthday, and wow it does not disappoint. Ordered the squid ink pasta, potato egg puffs (so typical), short ribs, and scallops. Not only is the presentation beautiful, but the food is a time bomb in your mouth. When you bite into the potato puffs, you have to wait for a while for the cheesy egginess to sink into your tongue. I licked some of the sauce that came with the scallops off my fork, and it literally took a few seconds before I tasted the zing. The service goes above and beyond. They left me a sweet handwritten birthday card, and I got to blow out candles on this adorable mini version of their peanut butter and jelly donuts dessert. Also, someone came by to wipe down our tables and replace cutlery after every dish. Our water glasses got filled before we even noticed they were empty. Bottomless water! Woohoo! Doesn't take magic to make it happen!I loved all the food, especially the potato puffs. I wish I could've had them all for myself! The squid ink pasta was a little on the salty side, but the sauce was interesting. The ribs were also a bit underwhelming. But the food is nevertheless delicious, and I've really only experienced this kind of service in a few places. A fun and colorful experience!
Yum! Where do I begin. I'm so glad I finally got to try this place as its been on my list! First impression: nice decor, there's also a bar area with stools to sit on. Let's get straight to business! My order went as follows: 1) Oysters-very fresh and such a great way to clean the palate. 2) Summer cup drink- very refreshing and you can taste the jalapeo!3) Potato Balls- Such a yummy starter. Not sure how they get the yolk in there but it's so good! Especially with the cauliflower. 4) Summer squash salad- not great, not something I'd order again. The portion was pretty small even though it was a starter and it didn't stand out in flavor. 5) Squid Ink Pasta- MY FAVORITE PART of the meal! This was everything and more. Really great flavor, the seafood (shrimp, squid) was not dry either and the only complaint is that the portion is too small for its greatness. 6) Roasted duck breast- Very heavy but tender! The skin was crispy and the duck was cooked well. There was a small "duck tamale" in between which caught me by surprise. 7) Peanut butter jelly donuts- Not bad, basically beignets with jelly and peanut butter dabs on the plate for you to dip. I could've done with just the beignets and ice cream. Will be back but probably not soon. The bill for everything listed above plus one more drink was about $198. Pricy but enjoyable. This place has absolutely no parking. I would uber or lyft here unless you live nearby. :)
I loved the food, the service could use a bit more attention. This place was busy on a Saturday night, lots of people at the bar, all the tables booked! We started with the puffed potatoes and eggs, the octopus salad, and then I had the ravioli and my husband the burger. The potatoes were yummy, rich and just melted in our mouths, great starter on a cold winter night. The octopus was great, grilled to perfection and so tender, this is an easy one to screw up. The burger was juicy and very well done, could have had fries on the side instead of the tater tots though. The ravioli was tender, yummy and rich. The waiter asked if I liked them, loved them but it was too much for me. I'd love to have a few more things on the menu to choose from, maybe a foie would be great too and some veggies to mix things up.
Come here for your birthday andGet the squid ink pasta. The staff was super welcoming and not only gave me a signed birthday card but also wrote it on my dessert with a candle. The restaurant is a little small so I wouldn't go over 6. Note for reservations of 6+ you must leave a credit card and for 7+ you are required to do a prix fixe menu ($55pp). Other highlights of our meal wereAPPS: the cauliflower puff was good but the mushroom ragout with bread was better. ENTREE: I loved loved loved the squid ink pasta. Ask for it as an entree. The sauce wasn't too heavy and it was full of shellfish. As a side note the duck was a huge serving. DESSERT: PB&J donuts were the perfect end to a funfilled day. Only warning is that they use crunchy pb and some people have strong feelings against that (not me). We also got the german chocolate cake.... Good but not as good. Thank you to the staff at Stone's Throw for a wonderful night.
The Good:+ tucked away in Russian Hill and relatively low key+ excellent seasonal dishes great for sharing+ we were truly blown away by the inspired dishes and had some favorites including the puffed potato and egg, the grilled octopus, and the duck breast+ excellent wine listThe Not So Good:- service was as slow and dull as watching paint dry; it took twenty five minutes to even get our order in- service seemed frantic and front of house was not coordinated with wait staffThe Bottom Line:The shortcomings in service are definitely made up for in the cuisine. The dishes were smart, not over seasoned, and all cooked perfectly. The creativity behind some of the dishes were very awe-inspiring. The cuisine stayed true to Californian.
Amazing! Event dinner for a small work group, so everything was prearranged for us. They kept bringing out more and more food; we thought it would never stop! Food was excellent. I think of it as gourmet comfort food. Nothing too fancy and doesn't require any experimentation or apprehension, but it's also not your Mom's mac n cheese either. Some favorites of the night included: Squid Ink Conchiglie Pasta, Puffed Potato & Eggs, Duck breast, Yellowtail & Scallop Ceviche, Shrimp cocktail, Steak and of course the doughnuts! I only deducted 1 star because it's in a horribly difficult part of town to access, no parking, a tiny bit pretentious considering it's basically a hole in the wall serving dressed up comfort food. BUT, the service was friendly, proactive and accommodating and the prices aren't that bad (for SF).
It's so rare for me to find a restaurant where I love every dish ordered, but this place made the cut! We ordered:Grilled octopus and okonomiyaki Pork bellyDuck pt Truffle stuffed chicken with savory bread pudding Potato puffsAll of it was amazing and the service was great! Perfect place for a date night or even group dinners. Only thing that sucks is parking. It's seriously the worst in this neighborhood.
First time to Stones Throw and I wasn't disappointed much like my experience at Trestle their sister restaurant. They exceed in presentation and yummy food. We just sat at the bar and had some Snacks and wine but the Puffed Potato and Egg is the winner. I will definitely be back for dinner next time.
4.5 stars rounding up to 5. This place was pretty amazing. I made reservations via Opentable for sunday brunch. We had a table for 4 adults and 1 baby. For snacks we ordered one of everything from their brunch menu: Puffed Potato & Egg (cauliflower mousse, crispy bacon) This was delicious and I highly recommend. Love the way the egg yolk perfectly oozes out of the puffed potato once you dig into it.Vanilla Sugar Doughnuts Seriously - I could have had 2 orders of these to myself but restrained myself. Delicious. Smoked Salmon mousse with bagel chipsI love salmon and bagel chips so this was definitely a match made in heavenOysters on the half shelf Super tiny oysters but still delicious. I could skip this. From Sweets, we ordered: Brown Butter CrepesOur waiter recommended this and I'm so glad we ordered it. If you love nutella and mascarpone, don't pass this up. From savory we ordered: Da Burga with tator totsbest tator tots i've ever had. By the time the burger arrived I was stuffed so I can't rate this accordingly but from what I had, it was definitely satifying. Roasted Corn & Duck confit hashLoved the cornbread and poached egg but I don't eat duck so I didn't get to try it. My girlfriends loved it. Spicy Tomato baked eggs Creamy Polenta, Chicken Confit, Avocado ToastI thought this was OK and probably won't order it again. Chino Valley Farms Soft Scrambled EggsAsparagus, Mushrooms, Ricotta, Grilled Bread CrumbleDelicious. LOVED the ricotta and eggs combo. Definitely recommendService was good. Food was flavorful and I highly recommend.
More restaurants like Stones Throw are catering to the after work crowd. The focus is on snacks and small plates, which are meant to be shared amongst good company. I love that concept because more effort is placed into the flavor of smaller bites. There's a couple snacks and starters that are musts in my opinion. The puffed potato & eggs is exactly as it sounds - masterfully created runny egg within a puffed potato ball; its creation is still a mystery to me. My favorite dish of the night was actually the squid ink conchiglie pasta. From afar, the pasta looks like cockroaches, but don't let its appearance fool you. This seafood medley of clams, shrimp, and squid ink with spicy capers make for a delicious appetizer. Other notable plates were the duck pate & mousse and the grilled octopus. The pretzels went great with the pate/mousse and I loved the meaty tenderness of the octopus. For mains, we split the burger, which was satisfying enough. Bonus points for bacon tator tots. Dessert is done a little bit differently. Stones Throw invites guests for their input on their favorite childhood treats and puts a spin on that. We tried the peanut butter & jelly donuts. This deconstructed dessert combined beignets with Nutella, crushed peanuts, and Concord grape jelly. Combine and each bite tastes like a wonderful PB&J. The meal was excellent and the service was just as good. Parking can be tough so if you took an Uber here, show them your receipt for 5% off your total bill!
Yo, I got dinner here yesterday and I am in love. It was really really excellent. Got an OpenTable reservation the day before for 5 PM, we dressed up and got there a little late. They had a four-course Valentine's Day thing going on with two options for each dish--I went with tuna, taglierini, scallops, and caramel tart for dessert. The taglierini and tart were so good I thought I was going to melt through my chair and into the floor. The service was wonderful and the decor was nice (generally upscale vibe, not super pretty but w/e). Would definitely recommend for date nights and special occasions--it was a wonderful meal.
Took my wife here for her birthday. Very happy with the experience.The service was very good and not too cloying (which higher end places now seem to think is desirable.) Food was excellent and memorable. Although expensive it's not so crazy that it made me think of my poor wallet the whole time I was having dinner.
I took my boyfriend here on his birthday and we fell in love with this restaurant. Service was outstanding and food was impeccably creative. What makes this restaurant truly special is how all the decorative flares and sauces are added to each dish and makes it 3x better than having just the main feature of each item. The chef is so talented. Like a good Yelper, I searched up the most reviewed items and ordered the potato puffs and the squid ink pasta for starters. The potato puffs were heavenly -- half cooked watery egg yolk inside a potato puff! How do they do that! And the chicken bits and cauliflower pure around it made it even more excellent. This item lived up to the Yelp hype. The squid ink pasta for me was not as impressive as the potato puffs (though my boyfriend disagrees. He loved both.) The taste was definitely very unique, there were shrimp and squid pieces and some kind of homemade light sauce. There was some kind of pepper and that gave it a nice kick.We shared the ribeye and braised short ribs as one of our entrees. The short ribs were AMAZING. Definitely my favorite! super tender, could eat with a spoon because the meat comes apart so easily. Side flares: small croquettes and fava bean mash. Get this!!We also shared the duck breast that came with a tamale and the side flares were sweet corn and a few cherries. Duck was cooked medium rare and was also very tender. The chef definitely knows how to do meat! The only negative thing I can say about the restaurant was that I didn't like the tamale, I don't think it went with the duck that well. The dessert part is cool -- they ask all customers to write down their favorite childhood dessert and that's how they make their dessert menu. If your item is selected they invite you to come back and try your dessert on the house! What a cute idea! We didn't order a dessert but since it was my boyfriend's birthday they gave us a free mini sized dessert -- peanut butter and jelly donut holes. It was okay, I personally wouldn't order the full size but I could see other people loving this dessert. As if it wasn't apparent enough I highly recommend this restaurant for any occasion, especially birthdays! Free dessert and a handwritten birthday card! so sweet!
You have to try the puffed potato & eggs, so delicious. Probably the most instagrammed item on the menu.Comprehensive wine list, however it's categorized in a non-intimidating way.We had a late reservation on a Saturday night, the service was still so friendly and attentive.The sausage-stuffed grilled quail was surprisingly filling for a starter, definitely worth it.For mains, we ordered the tamarind-glazed beef ribeye and "da burga". Both were flavorful. Unfortunately, they didn't have any baked tater tots left. Substituted with fried onions, still just as good.Finally, we had the blackberry crisp for dessert. Perfect balance of sweet and tart.Local neighborhood spot, so glad we finally got around to checking it out. Can't wait to visit again!
Stones Throw was worth the hike up the steep hills. I came here for drinks and bites on Sunday around 6. The restaurant was empty, but gradually filled up throughout the hour. Dcor was minimalistic with plenty of bright sunshine during the day.Hospitality was great and our bartender was personable. He did a thorough job describing the drinks and made recommendations. I went with the Spring Cup. The cocktail was refreshing and I enjoyed watching the process of making my drink. We chose a few bites. The standout was the Duck Pate & Mousse. The presentation was beautiful and I liked the French's mustard seeds that went on top.
My bf brought me here last night.. And we had a great time. Apparently they said that San Francisco restaurants on the trolley line.. Can't serve spirits, just wine and beer. Which is totally cool. They have a wonderful and They have a massive beer selection of stuff from all over. And major props on being different and not serving the usual selection of brewskies. Our meal was good we had the duck pate, and some potato balls with s surprising liquid gold center.. We also had the grilled octopus that was incredible! We ended up sharing the fish the skin was perfect and crispy.Now for the good stuff-dessert- Their desserts take a twist on American children classics, peanut butter and jelly donuts.. As well as 'nilla wafers and banana pudding tart (WINNING) jackpot.What was an interesting touch is that you can suggest your own dessert. I wrote down about the crushed Oreo and vanilla pudding mud pie. Apparently I was in the same wave length as our server Danielle ( who was incredible server) she apparently had my same idea for dessert. Food was good-- service was awesome. I'll be back
Parking is horrible. Okay, now I have gotten the bad out of the way, we can talk about the good. Food overall was great. The mushroom tempura (they had a slightly different and fancier name) was interesting and full of good mushroom umami. Squid ink pasta had a great texture which went really well with the beautiful dark hue. Grilled octopus was one of the best I've had. Super tender. Too bad the five of us had share one little tentacle. My entree the duck had great flavors. The currants, hazelnuts and greens all went really well together. Also made awesome leftover and didn't lose any flavor after I microwaved it. The soup was too salty. The desserts (blackberry tart and chocolate cake) were both good but not memorable. Service was friendly and the pace of the dishes was perfect. So, next time, take Uber. Don't drive.
I came here for brunch with a friend. We were able to make reservations a couple days before with ease. Though I do recommend making reservations since the restaurant got pretty packed when we were there! The restaurant has a super cute vibe. We ordered the salmon mousse (favorite dish), potato puffs, duck confit hash, and butter pancakes. Everything was delicious and made exquisitely! The ingredients were all very unique and the food came out surprisingly fast (not bad thing, we were starving heh). I recommend taking an uber here since it's super hard to find parking, and you can get 5% off your bill if you show them your Uber receipt :) I will come again to try their dinner menu!!
AMAZING.First, you don't sit on top of each other here. The tables had a decent distance between them. I'll definitely come back. Thinking about bringing my parents. Service also top-notch, friendly, not pushy. They were very aware of special diets/allergies which was also appreciated.Started with Puffed Potato and Eggs - 4 stars (good, but simple)Ceviche - 5 stars (great portion, tasty, super fresh)Scallop Dinner - 4 stars (beautiful, sunchokes and kale were exceptional and tasted better than the scallops. Wouldn't order again)German Chocolate Cake - 5 stars (I don't like chocolate that much, and I loved this! Not too sugary, presentation was almost deconstructed, and soooo good)
Dear staff, you all are a bunch of... sweethearts, funny, knowledgeable people and food lovers. Chefs, thanks for being alive to cook meals that people can enjoy and leave wanting to come back for more, aka, don't lose the burger nor the octopus nor the potato puffs nor the squid ink pasta. Pastry chef, you must be have a kind heart because the smores were everything the kid inside of me wanted. Bartenders, keep shaking and stirring what your mama gave ya, elixir-ing dem darn good proportional dranks for your patrons. Stonesthrow, you've enlightened my neighborhood and make me wanna spend paycheck on your yummy food and delectable service. Please try the squid ink pasta, potato puffs, ceviche, burger,  trout, dessert and a glass of something that will put you in a better mood.
4.5 stars.My fiancee and I went to Stone's throw to celebrate our engagement and her acceptance into medical school. We noted that on our reservation and when we walked in, received a nice hand written card congratulating us. After we were seated, he waiter also knew why we were there and asked about it. I do appreciate the personal touch and it definitely made the experience more memorable.We like variety so we ordered three snacks, two starters, and one main. We started off with a shrimp and scallop cevice, which reminded us of a very similar Vietnamese shrimp salad. The cracker it was served with, however, was much nicer with a finer texture that was easy to chew. The flavors were very fresh and vibrant, and we agreed it was one of the best dishes of the night. The second snack was a duck mousse and pate with soft pretzels. The presentation was on point. The mousse and pate were served like a layered cake, topped with whole grain mustard and slices of cornichons. We agreed the pate was amazing but the soft pretzel lacked as the ideal platform in which to make it shine. We've had corn cakes and custard brioches in the past that would have sent this out ofbthe park. The third snack was my fiancee's favorite of the night--a puffed potato that had a wonderful deep-fried crust and a gooey center. This one is a must get.The first starter we got was the squid ink pasta. There are many good reveiws on this on Yelp, but although we enjoyed this dish, it was possibly the weakest dish of the night. The pasta was perfectly cooked but I felt the flavor was a bit lacking. I like strong flavors and this was maybe too subtle for my taste. The second starter was the octopus, served on a bed of radicchio and bacon. I liked this one a lot--the octopus was perfectly cooked and had intensely smoky grilled flavor.The main was a ribeye steak on a bed of crispy rice. The steak was ordered medium rare but appeared more on the rare side. It had really good flavor, but the portion size was lacking for a main, maybe about 5 oz at most. The crispy rice actually tasted more like undercooked rice to me. There were some crispy bits in there that were good, so I can see what they were going for, but the majority was just tough and dry. For the dessert we ordered the Its-It, which seemed like a standard Its-It but dressed up with a chocolate sauce. We were also given a complimentary taste of their peanut butter and jelly donut, which was just a couple donut balls with smears of peanut butter and jelly on the plate. They were enjoyable, but if I were to come here again, I'd skip dessert and get a scoop of Swensen's across the street.Overall, a very enjoyable experience with many more hits than misses.
tremendous food and service
Overpriced & Over-salted. Service was mediocre. Actually felt quite rushed during brunch when the restaurant wasn't busy on a lazy Sunday.I will say potato egg balls were great. But nothing else was rave-worthy. Monkey Bread - meh... not enough topping to bread ratio.Da Burga - meh... not as flavorful as an in-n-out :T freals.Duck Confit Hash - meh. Over-salted.I won't be back and I can't recommend to others.
PRO-TIP: Save room for dessert! Just had to throw that out there before I write anything about their food.Stones Throw has become one of my new favorite restaurants in sf. The food is fun and imaginative, and the atmosphere is trendy without trying too hard.I'd say that the appetizers definitely outshine the entres. My favorite is the squid ink pasta appetizer. It is just absolutely delicious. The squid ink is in the pasta itself, and not the sauce, and it is topped with nice bits of clam and a flavorful foam sauce. It is sooo good. Another good appetizer is the pork belly salad. Nice big pieces of pork belly with perfectly crisped skin. Yum.The entrees that I've tried are a little less memorable. I've had the duck entre as well as a sea bass entre. Both were cooked perfectly, but the flavors were just less imaginative than the appetizers. Plus, the entres are on the more expensive side (about $30).They do their desserts in just about the coolest way possible. They are the deconstructed versions of childhood favorites that are presented with a new and whimsical flair. For example, the pb&j donuts are beignets that come with homemade dollops of jelly and peanut sauce. Really different than a typical jelly donut, but retains its traditional flavors. My description really doesn't do their desserts justice. Just take my word on it - the desserts are really tasty and are also really fun to eat.
I don't even know where to begin with this one. I tried just about everything on the menu and I kept exclaiming that it was the best thing I've ever had my life. Standouts were the truffled beef tartar, I don't know how they got such rich meaty flavor in raw meat, I think it was tossed in a jus which was incredible. The "fully loaded tots" we're a heavenly fried potato croquette sitting in an aioli which short rib all over the top. Just stop it! Amazing. The puffed potato and egg was awesome, it's one of their signature dishes and it's clear why, the potato ball is somehow crispy on the outside and fluffy and silky on the inside with so much flavor. The Duck Pate & Mousse tartine with grainy mustard and cornichons served with warm soft pretzels...I can't get it out of my mind. The server brought more pretzels when we ran out without us even asking, but the dish didn't even need the pretzel! The pretzel was amazing though, don't get me wrong. One of my very very favorites was the Yellowtail & Scallop Ceviche with shrimp and coconut and jalapeos, it was tropical tasting and gorgeous. My favorite dish of the night was the Squid Ink Conchiglie Pastawith spicy capers, clams, calamari, shrimp and some sort of greens, maybe pea shoots. Uh-maze-ing. Silky, intense, fresh, beautiful. If I could eat a big bowl of that, I could die and be totally satisfied. The duck breast is awesome but the standout was the ribeye. The meat was perfectly cooked, I cut into it with a fork. But that bed of black rice man. Oh man. I don't know if it was just the juice from the meat or if they added additional jus but it was just incredible. We got three different desserts: some peanut and jelly donuts, deconstructed pineapple upside down cake, and a deconstructed German chocolate cake. I got a little bite of the pineapple upside down and it was awesome but then I got distracted talking and didn't grab a bite of the other two. The service was awesome, Danielle was so cool. They all were just so great and attentive. I went to the restroom and when I got back, Danielle bad refolded my napkin. They periodically come and wipe off crumbs from the table into little dishes, they offered new napkins to the table later in the meal, they explained and obviously truly knew a lot about each dish. Everything was perfect. I can't wait to go back to Stones Throw.
Headed here for dinner last night courtesy of a gift certificate from my sister/brother-in-law. It's a bit off the beaten track for me (given that we took BART into the city), and we had a bit of a hike up from Pier 39.The food was mostly good or great, with just a couple of minor quibbles. Squid ink pasta was a tad salty but otherwise tasty and good portion. Rabbit two ways dish had one preparation of a prosciutto wrapped loin - Thumper's loin was chalky and dry. But everything else was good, with the potato puffs and corn soup being amazing.The service was top notch all the way through. We had several people wait on us during the course of the night and all were informative, friendly and prompt. They asked earnestly for feedback on the food, and after I noted that the rabbit loin was less than ideal, they removed the entree from the bill, which I was not expecting or desiring since it was one small part of a larger dish.Overall a solid experience and good food and I wouldn't hesitate to come back, though I will take an Uber next time instead of trekking up the hill and getting the sweats.
Stones Throw is a small placed tucked in the corner with unbelievable steep roads a couple blocks over. The place is really nice and cozy. There's an area for the bar where you can also wait for your table. They have a wide selection of drinks so feel free to indulge before the food. Some of my favorites and things you can't go wrong ordering are the duck pate with the warm, soft pretzel, puffed potato & eggs, squid ink pasta, and "da burger". If you order the burger, be warned because it's extremely filling and you could potentially be too full to eat anything else. Good for most people, but I could never pass over the puffed potato and eggs aka a fried, carb filled ball of goodness. Overall, great food, drinks and ambiance too, just be careful of the hills...don't park too far.
Drink 4  Great selection for beer and wine, but the cocktail I had was just okay.Food 5++ From starter to dessert, every dish was so tasty and presentation was prettyAmbience 4 rustic, warm, crafty feelingService 5+++ more than great! I was so impressed their heartwarming service from every staff! Price 5
Loved it all! Ambiance, service, tableware, and the food. Potato puffDuck pate with soft pretzels Squid ink pasta Corn soupSquash saladSoft shell crabPork bellyCorn ravioli Rib eye steak
After one bite of the Squid Ink Pasta I turned around, flagged our server, and ordered two more. There were three of us, so it's ok.Then at some point with said Squid Ink Pasta I'd resorted to scraping the bowl with my fingers and licking the bowl.I was, and still, not ashamed.Five Stars!
I had a lovely dinner at Stone's Throw this evening with co-workers and was super happy that they were able to accommodate my vegan diet. The vegan dishes are not on the standard menu but they will prepare vegan options when requested. I had a beautiful beet salad and scrumptious butternut squash ravioli.I appreciate when restaurants make the effort help vegans feel welcome. A lot of restaurants don't. Which is a pity, as more and more people are adopting vegetarian/vegan diets. Thanks, Stone's Throw, for being ahead of the curve. All of the food was delicious.
First time at Stones Throw, one word, DELICIOUS! I definitely would come back here again. I really like the snacks/starters more than the main dishes. They have a drink called "50 Shades of Cray" LOL.I started off with the puffed potato & eggs, squid ink conchiglie pasta (spicy capers, clams, calamari, shrimp,tender greens), and the grilled octopus & oknomiyaki pancake (bacon dashi, spicy turnips, marinated mushrooms). As for main, I ordered the crispy-skinned wild virgina striped bass. It was moderate and a bit salty. I definitely liked the starters a lot more. Overall, it was a great meal and I would come back here again!
When Chefs opens another restaurant, attention, and time has to be split between restaurants. With attention and time spilt, usually the quality of the food suffers of the older restaurant. This is true for Stones Throw with the opening of Trestle.The food is not good. Plating is subpar. The flavors are lacking. Majority of the flavors are one dimensional. Nothing is exciting. The menu looks great, and has great potential. But when the food comes out and eaten. The food lacks depth and execution. The dishes does not come together. The desserts were horrible.Best dish of the night: Butternut Squash RavioliWorst dish of the night: Grilled Spanish Octopus & Sausage-Stuffed Grilled Quail.Bottom line, is the food delicious or not. At Stones Throw the food is not delicious. Service is outstanding though. Bitter disappointment to how great the food at Trestle was.
Had to try because it's one of the "Hot & New" restaurants in the city.....and it did not disappoint!We always start off with drinks: white wine & a cocktail. The wine was very good and the Original Cup was very tasty with the house made pimms, ginger beer, lemon, & mint. We tried the puffed potatoes & eggs which was surprisingly good! The crispy chicken skin added a nice touch to the creamy potatoes & cauliflower mousse. Then we had the warm pork belly....oh my gosh! This made my tummy go pitter patter because it was soooo good! The crispness of the pork and the tender meat just melted in your mouth! We then had the main courses: striped bass and rib eye & short rib combination. Both of these dishes were very good. The fish was flavorful with the lobster saffron butter and the ribeye was perfectly cooked to medium rare. The braised shortrib however was not as tender but still tasted good. Lastly the dessert....smores! It was a nice play on the traditional smores...all the flavors came thru: roasted marshmallows, toasted graham crackers, and creamy chocolate....DELICIOUS!We will definitely come back again soon...,perhaps to try their Eat Like A Chef, Drink Like A Sommelier!
I have a few friends in the city that I would never doubt their foodie senses. When one of those friends was raving about his recent visit to Stones Throw I knew I had to check it out ASAP. My sister and I booked a reservation for 6pm on a Saturday night, we were really surprised that there were reservations available just an hour before showing up! We were seated right when we walked through the door. The restaurant was dimly lit but still very casual with a small bar area with stools by the window.We got a few items to share... [1] Puffed Potato & Egg - runny egg yolk within a creamy semi-mashed potato ball with a crispy chicken skin served with cauliflower mousse and chives. For a dish you would expect to be extremely heavy, it was surprisingly light and the perfect way to start off the meal. [2] Duck Pate & Mousse - the duck pate was very rich and light, served with french mustard and cornichons (sour French pickles) and two freshly baked pretzel rolls.[3] Squid Ink Conchiglie Pasta - looked like conch shaped pasta with capers, clams, calamari, shrimp, and greens. This was one of my favorite dishes of the evening. The pasta had a great texture and good flavor.[4] Da Burga - Stones Throw house burger with cheddar cheese atop a beef patty with a brioche bun served with cheesy baked potato tater tots. The tater tots were bomb. com and the burger was pretty finger-licking good too. They have a pretty substantial list of bottled beers with lots of imports and there is a solid wine list as well. The service was fantastic, attentive but not too attentive where it's annoying. They do a little fun game with the dessert menu where you note what your favorite childhood dessert was and the chef will choose the suggestion he likes, puts a spin on it, and adds it to the menu. If yours gets chosen, he will invite you back to try out his new creation! We had a great first time at Stones Throw and will definitely be back soon.
Great neighborhood atmosphere and friendly, social staff. Food was on point and drink list was extensive but well curated! Love the little stories and background information printed on the menus - adds an extra level of intrigue to the experience! The grilled albacore with heirloom tomatoes and squid Ink pasta with shellfish were both excellent. Will be back!
This is a 4.5 star review. I came here with my family for a brunch on a friend's recommendation. As the area would dictate, parking is kind of crazy, but we were able to find a spot a couple of blocks away, so we walked in early, and already in a good mood. We were warmly welcomed, and seated immediately. When you have a toddler, quick service is kind of a big deal. It's a pretty new spot, I think, so the high chairs were brand new, and our little guy didn't fuss much about sitting in the seat. They don't have a kid's menu, but we asked if they could offer a kid's portion for some of the dishes, and they were accommodating with the pancake, which sounded pretty good to me and my husband.They have an interesting and extensive beer list (not every beer, but it's well curated, and give a nice set of options for any flavor profile you'd want), and the cocktail I had was excellent.We got 2 small plates to start. Their infamous potato and egg puffs, and the smoked salmon mousse. My toddler son went nuts for the salmon mousse. It's smokey, and had fresno chiles, avocado, fried capers, and pickled red onions on top with house made bagel chips. We were pretty stoked about it as well. He didn't go for the potato puffs, but he doesn't like eggs. Me and my husband on the other hand were very happy with the puffs. Great texture, and great flavor. It would have been easy to eat a plate each. That said, the mains came pretty soon, and with it, my son's pancake, my duck hash, and his messy breakfast sandwich. Everyone was happy with the food. My son can be a bit of a picky eater, but breakfast is usually his favorite. He can polish off a normal pancake, or a square of waffle, but he had 3/4 of one of the butter-fried pancakes. He sat there, popping bites into his mouth, and asking for me to cut more over and over. We thought he'd get through half, and he just kept going. These are not small pancakes! It was about 3/4" thick, and about 7" wide. He looked like a contestant who knew he was going to lose in an eating contest, but he had to keep going.The hash was excellent. More than anything, the quality of their eggs were great. The breakfast sandwich was even better than the hash. The sausage patty was perfectly cooked, and the scale was perfectly balanced.We are eager to go back and try dinner another time, and hopefully brunch again, with the whole family.
I came here a few months ago for brunch, expecting it to be just like every other fancy brunch meal in SF... but nope, I was completely blown away! This might be one of the best meals I've had, EVER.Their potato puff was very interesting -- prepped with a frozen egg yolk inside that thaws and gets runny as it cooks. The glazed donuts were delicious, as were the two entrees we had (tomato baked eggs and duck confit hash). I definitely need to come back here again for brunch, and I definitely want to try their dinner as well!Bonus points for having AMAZING service. Staff members were friendly and very responsive!
I was thoroughly impressed with Stones Throw. The menu is simple but the food is anything but. Everything was executed perfectly and I was left wanting nothing. I only wish I lived closer to return more often. The service was absolutely outstanding and on par with Michelin 3 star restaurants but without any pretentiousness. Do yourself a favor and plan an evening at Stones Throw.
Excellent gem in Russian Hill! This place isn't very big so make sure you try to get a reservation. Puffed Potato & Eggs - The egg was still gooey! The cauliflower mousse added a nice crunchy texture to the otherwise velvety potato & egg.Duke Pate and Mousse - The mustard complemented the duck pate well. The soft pretzel comes in the form of a small roll.Beef Tartare w/ Foie Gras Shavings - 2 of my favorite things in one dish! This wasn't on the menu but it was the special for the night. The foie gras shavings basically melted into the beef tartare, making it super creamy and delicious. So glad we got to try it!Grilled Octopus & Okonomiyaki Pancake - Octopus was grilled to perfection! Sadly there was only one piece. The pancake was crisp on the outside and soft inside.Food was great and service was attentive. Will be back!
I spent a belated birthday brunch here on Sunday with 5 girlfriends. As we waited for the whole party to arrive they gave us a spot at the bar so we could get some early drinks on and catch up. Once we were seated the server was just amazingly accommodating. She was so great to offer suggestions, deal with our special requests and take our group photos. I didn't catch her name but she was just a sweetheart the entire meal. The food was unreal. We shared the puffed potato with cauliflower mouse and it was out of this world. I was blown away at how they could get the egg cooked to perfection inside a little potato! Everything we ordered was delicious and unique in some way or another. I would definitely recommend this spot for brunch!
REVIEW #399--which is just a Stone's Throw away from #400 so I guess it counts as a special number for this special restaurant :)Despite my (under construction) facade as an elitist foodie, a $$$ restaurant still always scares me. However, Stones Throw hits the right balance of sophisticated delicacies vs classic comfort food, with strikingly unique presentation that does not stray to the abstract and the bizarre.Because the small dishes seemed to be the highlights, we ate tapas style without getting main courses, so it was uber fancy bar food that totaled to fancy restaurant prices. Just like the majority of SF urbanites, we went by Yelp recommended items (and what looked good in photos) along with a dash of adventure, though I was not bold enough to try the pig ears. Unfortunately they were out of the famous duck pate and mousse (if your objective is Instagram likes, this is a must), so this is what we ordered:PUFFED POTATO & EGGS, $8 (Cauliflower Mousse, Chives, Crispy Chicken Skin): Imagine the renowned potato puffs from Gregoire's at Berkeley (If you don't know what I'm talking about, imagine creamy mashed potatoes with a golden crispy coating), with hearty and savory cauliflower flavors, a surprise runny yolk hidden inside, and a bed of crispy chicken skin, marginally like your childhood happiness with KFC except better and fancier. It's a bit of a hodgepodge and almost looks like something sitting on confetti, but in the combination of guilty pleasures synergistically promotes this musing into an acceptable high-end small dish.CLH SHRIMP COCKTAIL, $8 (Horseradish Panna Cotta, Tomato Water, Shaved Celery): Our waitress recommended this to replace the missing duck pate, and though it wasn't bad, I liked the other dishes more. Perhaps because of my Asian upbringing, I was unimpressed with the neon-colored shrimp chips on the side; I am used to seeing these in abundance scattered on top of commonplace dishes. Otherwise, the shrimp was fairly good and the horseradish panna cotta turned out to be the highlight.SQUID INK CONCHIGLIE PASTA, $15 (Spicy Capers, Clams, Calamari, Shrimp, Tender Greens): I used to avoid squid ink for fear that it would stain my mouth black... but I jumped on the bandwagon and although I still can't pin down exactly what squid ink tastes like, it's pretty tasty, especially in slippery spinny congliglie pasta texture. The white foamy blobs are some kind of wine sauce, much fancy and went well with the rest of the dish.GRILLED OCTOPUS & OKONOMIYAKI PANCAKE, $16 (Bacon Dashi, Spicy Turnips, Marinated Mushrooms): If you're a purist for authentic okonomiyaki, the pancake here may not be ideal; however, the grilled octopus is sensationally delicious. Also, the presentation is unsurpassed--if you apply the right filters you can troll your friends into thinking it's $$$$ fine dining.STONE FRUIT CLAFOUTIS, $8 (currently not on the seasonal menu): Please don't ask about the pronunciation of clafoutis, because we had no clue and neither did the server. Regardless, I would highly recommend this dessert if it is available. Many other of their desserts are renditions of childhood favorites. Although I appreciate their effort in reaching out to customers and surveying their childhood desserts, there is only so far you can go, plus there is always Candybar if you want fancy spins on PB&J. I like the clafoutis because it was novel and different, light but satisfying. It also came out looking very artistic, though not as minimalist as I had expected (which is a good thing... less minimalist = more edible food).With the exception of frustrating street parking in the area despite our reservation being a bit later (8:30 on Saturday), the dining experience overall was positive and memorable. Our server was genuinely one of the most agreeable and attentive, and the ambiance was chic with subtle but noticeable touches of stoneware.
Utterly blown away. I think my entire party will agree to this statement as we actually ended up ordering some dishes twice to share since they were such amazing flavors and deliciousness. I can't speak to why we had such an amazing experience but everything from the hostess to the waiters to the chef were exceedingly accommodating to us and our every need. Of course, we were celebrating a very special occasion of my bff's engagement, but they definitely went above and beyond to set a new bar for me of what above and beyond means.Personalized notes aside, the food was just incredible. I don't think we got one bad dish. The mushroom appetizer, the soft shell crab, the pork belly and that salmon. Just incredible.We actually ordered the soft shell crab twice, and their squid ink pasta twice which had a very tangy and unusual flavor that was both intriguing and delightful to the palette. I would not be surprised if this place was up for a Michelin recommendation at the very least and hopefully a star since the food is top notch. The presentation is also not shabby and I think I've already mentioned it too many times over, but service was beyond solid. I would absolutely recommend this place, as the perfect upscale, classy but casual spot to take a date, celebrate a birthday or just enjoy a perfect meal.
This was one of the first few places I ate in San Francisco, and I will always remember it fondly! After a day of hiking in Point Reyes, my date and I were famished. We started with the puffed potato and eggs with cauliflower mousse (as recommended by our waiter) that were TO DIE FOR. We then shared a squid ink pasta with seafood and this amazingly delicious salty caper sauce - also to die for. Next up was "DA BURGA" - which came with tater tots. Need I say more???I went in with no expectations (my date chose the place) and was blown away! This place may seem like a dime-a-dozen type spot on first glance but let me assure you, it is special indeed. Do yourself a favor and get there ASAP.
One of the best places to eat in all of SF. From the refreshing drinks to the savory appetizers. Every single dish is a harmonious mixture of gourmet ingredients expertly combined to produce edible art.
This place was so good it might be my new favorite restaurant. I've been dying to try this place after hearing all the rave reviews, but haven't been able to make it out there until now. We finally went for brunch today and it was fabulous. My favorite was the puffed potato and egg. All the flavors work perfectly together and a runny egg yolk makes everything better! The lavender glazed donuts were also amazing. Great flavors, perfectly put together. There dishes were tough acts to follow, but for entrees we got the tomato baked eggs and the duck confit hash. Love the runny egg yolks in both! Both amazing dishes. To top it off the service was amazing. They were very attentive, and we were never neglected. We definitely want to go back for dinner!
I'm thrilled to have found a brunch place this good so close to where I live! Me and my girl friends were able to get seated right away this afternoon. We had the puffed potato and eggs as appetizers, which I highly recommend. My friend and I split the brown butter crepes, which had pumpkin and asian pears! so yummy. We also the spicy tomato-baked eggs, which I really loved. It was so flavorful and spicy! yum! The only thing I wish is that they had mocha and latte options, I'm not much of a plain coffee person. I will most definitely be coming back!
Really outstanding. The mushroom ragout and squid ink pasta were especially good. Nice cocktails and wine selection as well, though concise. The staff was helpful and enthusiastic too... A neighborhood gem. My only complaint is I couldn't try everything the first time around.
Another round, another win. This place is fabulous!Came in just before 10pm on a Saturday evening and the place was still jumpin'. I dig it. Food and service are equally fantastic. We tried the pork belly app, salmon, and steak dishes. 5 stars from first bite to last! We would have ordered dessert...it's just when you're a mere 2 blocks from Swensen's...
OOOHHHLALA. I don't remember what was ordered because my friend Sharon is a baller here and they just brought a bunch of things to our table, but everything was amazing so order anything and it'll probably be delicious!!!! Thanks Sharon!
Came here for the second time and still loved my original choices but would add the burger. The burger was perfectly cooked and juicy and the tator tots on the side were something else. They're definitely not traditional as they're gooey and cheesy inside. For dessert we preferred the Cracker Jack to the pb&j donuts but both were tasty.
Great place for a date! Open kitchen, slightly dim but not too dim lighting, nice wine list and impeccable service. I would give 5 stars for service. All the staff from the receptionist to server to manager were all extremely helpful and friendly. They also give you 5% off if you take an Uber to the restaurant instead of driving since it's really difficult to find a parking space around there. I thought that was really considerate of them. Although 5% isn't a lot but it's enough to incentivize you to not bring your car. As for the food - my favorites were the oysters (very garlicy sauce...love garlic!), potato and eggs (has some sour cream and onion in the sauce, the dish gave me an orgasm in my mouth), soft shell crab (also a perfect combo of crunchiness and smoothness of the avocado), and the key lime pie was to die for. My only complaint about the place is that food isn't served efficiently. Between appetizer and small bites we had a wait of 15-20 min, and between small bites and entree was another 30-40. So by the time we got to the entree, we were already full since the food settled in my tummy already. But Some people do enjoy this, gives you time to chat between courses. I'm just someone who enjoys getting dish after dish, so it all depends on your preference.
What a great restaurant! I have been waiting to come here for a while and the food and service did not disappoint.We ordered 2 appetizers and 3 entrees to share for the table. The apps were the eggs and potatoes and the pork belly. The eggs and potato is one of their signature dishes and it wowed. I'm still trying to figure out how they get egg yokes in the fried potato ball. My money is on them freezing the egg yoke and then encasing it in the potatoes before frying the little suckers. The puree of cauliflower perfectly complemented the subtle sweetness of the potatoes. Definitely order it!The pork belly was also great. It was soft and you can actually taste the pork. It didn't taste oily or fatty, either. It was artfully presented and oh so yummy.My entree was the duck. The heirloom carrots that came with it was almost as good as the duck. I ordered the dish medium rare and the chef delivered. It was almost slightly undercooked and a bit stringy. I also wish they crisped up the skin a bit more. The sauce was great, though.I also tried a bite of my friend's rib eye and it had intense flavor. I didn't get to try my friend's fish, but she loved it.We also ordered the banana vanilla wafers dessert. It was light and comforting. I should make something like that at home! Stone's Throw has some kicking cocktails, too. All in all, it was a great experience. Will definitely be back again!
Ohhh what a rough start. I was not in the best of moods when I walked into this place, and it only got worse when I found out that they don't serve whisky.They say the best way to a man's heart is through his stomach. Well, after dinner at Stones Throw, the bad mood cleared like a passing storm, fireworks started going off, and I felt like I won the lottery.Well not quite like winning the lottery, but I walked out of here a happy man. Get a table at the end if you want less noise and a nice view of the kitchen
Happy as a clam this gem is in my neighborhood. If I could eat Stone's Throw for brunch and dinner everyday, I would. I don't think you could go wrong with any dish on the menu. I've had the Squid Ink Pasta, Pork Belly & Crispy Pig Ears, Duck Breast, Prime Beef & Braised Shortrib, the burger, and just had the Puffed Potato & Egg and Duck Confit Hash today for brunch. All insanely delicious, impressive, interesting and next level. Service is always amazing with the friendliest staff. Everything they're doing is on point. It's definitely one of my favorite restaurants. Have plans to visit again in a week or two! :)
Our second trip to Stones Throw since being in San Francisco, we were excited about revisiting a place we had thought was originally very good.SETTING/AMBIENCE: while we had an early reservation, throughout our dinner, the restaurant became quite full. The noise level is pretty high, but that didn't bother us. If you're looking for a quiet meal, this probably isn't the place. It was nice to see such a lively venue!FOOD: We basically ordered every "Snack" and "Starter" for our table of 4. It was just the right amount of food, even though more food was being pushed onto us by the waiter - more on that later. Some standouts to me were the Duck Pate & Mousse and the grilled Octopus. The squid ink pasta was good, but not "great."SERVICE: The service wasn't bad, by any means, as our waiter brought us a taste of two different wines so we could make our decision about which bottle(s) to order, in addition to people quickly descending to fold napkins when one retreated to use the restroom. There was always someone there, if needed. However, our server was a bit rude, standoffish, and was clearly annoyed with us that we hadn't ordered his recommended bottle of wine (that was 50% more expensive than the one we wanted). The service hit it's low point after ordering only one snack for the table, when the waiter almost demanded the menus back while we ate so as not to stain them...seriously...We all chuckled and thought he was kidding, referencing how voraciously people took down their delicious food, but he said with a straight face again, "I'm going to have to take the menus away while you eat." We asked if it was because they were needed elsewhere (at this point, the restaurant is still nearly empty - maybe 15% of tables filled), and he said no. It was so awkward and uncomfortable.OVERALL: While the food is very good, the service was attentive, and the restaurant was lively, I would be very hesitant to return to this restaurant without asking to NOT be seated in this waiter's section again.
Hearty, perfect dishes in a warm welcoming environment -- all shades of warm golds and browns. Just trust eautifully-composed dishes, no matter how fried or carby or fatty, are still good for you - at least aesthetically :)Puffed potatoes fried yet filled with runny egg yoke, Nutella crepe dumplings (buttery bread crumbs), sweet donuts with crisp Cream and smooth berry jam, followed by a monstrous burger - sweet Mayo onion and buttery Bun, potato chip tots filled with cheese, all dipped in thick ranch.
Absolutely incredible -- in order to enhance your experience to the nines, sit at the bar and chat with the bartenders. funny and charming, these individuals will keep you coming back for more.
What a fantastic restaurant and meal!  I really enjoyed our dinner.  When my boyfriend realized I hadn't tried Stones Throw yet, he said we had to try it, and so we walked in and luckily snagged a couple of seats at the bar.  We had a great server who has been at the restaurant since November 2013 when it opened and he gave us great advice on what to order. For starters, we had the sweet corn soup, which was light, sweet and tasted delicious, as well as the squid ink conchiglie pasta. This was an excellent combination of flavors - including an awesome seafood flavor (there are tiny clams, shrimp and calamari), a spiciness that apparently comes from spicy capers, and perfectly al dente pasta. For our entrees, we had the "Da Burger", which came in a brioche bun, with cheddar, thousand island dressing, and a side of cheesy tater tots. We also had the Liberty Farms duck breast, which was cooked well, with black rice and just the right amount of jus. I wasn't a big fan of the duck confit dolma, but otherwise enjoyed the dish. We were so stuffed we couldn't even think about dessert. They didn't serve any hard liquor but had a number of good wines, beers, and a few cocktails. We enjoyed the cabernet and stout we ordered. I couldn't recognize this as the old Luella - but much prefer the new space! I read somewhere that this was supposed to be casual Californian cuisine with the spirit of Frances and I can definitely see that. That's a good thing, since Frances is one of my favorite restaurants in SF!
Went here with friends for the first time. I was thinking this place was going to be American cuisine, but after looking at the menu, it's more of an Asian fusion. We tried the octopus fried pancake, sea bass and the duck. All were exceptionally good. We finished with the s'mores dessert.I had the bass, which I thought was perfectly cooked and had a nice ramen like broth sitting at the base. The octopus pancake was a good appetizer and perfect to share. Overall no complaints and was very satisfied. The restaurant is a bit noisy and I found myself talking a little louder than usual, but other than that, a charming spot for a date or catching up with friends in Russian Hill.
First off, great service. Our server Ana was so sweet and was the perfect level of attentive. On to the food. You must get the pate, the puffed potatoes, and the squid ink pasta. Amazing stuff. We also ordered the burger but I wouldn't go back for that. Paled in comparison to the rest of the meal. Unfortunately didn't have space for dessert. Next time!
Here's my story with Stones Throw. I already heard great things about them from fellow yelper reviews, so when I saw that they had a booth at the 2014 San Francisco Street Food Festival, it was a perfect opportunity to try their famous Puffed Potato & Egg (bit.ly/1mVorYv). Luckily for me, they didn't have a line and after that first bite of their Puffed Potato & Egg, I was hooked and went back and ordered it again at least twice that day. It was so good! And with that, I knew I wanted to give their restaurant a try. The timing for it was actually perfect since I took a huge gamble and decided to try Stones Throw as the venue for Janice C.'s birthday brunch party for a group of 15 folks.Before we get to the food, first off, I want to say that communication was really great with Tai Ricci and their staff to help plan for the event. Even though I had to call them several times to change the head count, they were very patient and accommodating. Amazing customer service! Like what all past reviews have stated, get a reservation!! Even though we had one, the place got packed just a short while after opening.What was great about having a big group was that aside from their oysters and burger, we basically got to try the whole brunch menu in family style form. Not a bad deal for $25 per guest (for groups of 8 or more it's the minimum before drinks, tax, and gratuity).Food Gallery:Smoked Salmon Mousse -- bit.ly/XjHVzMMilk Jam, Strawberry Compote, BalsamicVanilla-Sugar Doughnuts -- bit.ly/1D8jBSjBagel Chips, Crme frache, ScallionsPuffed Potato & Egg -- bit.ly/1D8jHZXCauliflower Mousse, Crispy BaconButter-Fried Pancake -- bit.ly/1D8jK87European-Style Butter, Vermont Maple SyrupBrioche Pain Perdu -- bit.ly/XjIyt1Yellow Peaches, Vanilla Cream, Salted AlmondsBrown Butter Crepes -- bit.ly/1D8jQwHNutella, Banana, Mascarpone, Shaved HazelnutsBrokaw Avocado & Burrata Salad -- bit.ly/XjIJEFLa Quercia Prosciutto, Sungold Tomatos, Serpent CucumbersRolled Chino Valley Farms Omelette -- bit.ly/XjIPMAOven-Dried Tomato, Button Mushroom, Herbed Goat Cheese, Brioche CrumbleRoasted Corn & Duck Confit Hash -- bit.ly/XjIWYoPoached Eggs, Jimmy Nardello Peppers, Red Onion, Corn BreadIn all essence, everything we had was delicious and plated very nicely despite being served family style. I think the favorites around the table were definitely the Smoked Salmon Mousse, Puffed Potato & Egg, the Avocado & Burrata Salad, and the Roasted Corn & Duck Confit Hash.I think the experience might have been a lot different with a small group since we probably would've ended up only trying a few menu items. So to be able to try all that food for a low nominal price was quite a deal!So in the end I'm really glad things went well. The food was great and everyone had a great time, especially the birthday celebrant! If you plan to have a big dinner or brunch party, I highly recommend Stones Throw! I'm pretty sure I'll be returning for another brunch or to try them for dinner in the near future. Gotta love that Puffed Potato & Egg!
Located in the heart of San Francisco's renowned Russian Hill, this charming little hidden gem of a restaurant serves up inspiring American cuisine in a friendly, unfussy yet contemporary setting. Upon entering the restaurant, I noticed the warm lighting throughout with rustic wood details flanking the walls of the elegant yet casual dining space. I honestly felt transported to Napa Valley!Service was pleasant and our server was very knowledgable helpful with the menu/wine options.Since it was our first time, our group decided to share a variety of their tempting dishes. Puffed potato - light fluffy and absolutely dreamy. The accommodating slaw added a crisp and refreshing balance to this delicious snackCompressed Heirloom Melons & Tombo Tuna Tataki - bright flavors from the fresh tuna with a sweet tang from the melons & a delightful zing from the garlic mint yogurt. A surprisingly pleasant salty crunch from the crispy chicharrones topped off this whimsically inspiring dish. Squid Ink Conchiglie Pasta - Absolutely fantastic! The texture was pillowy soft and enticingly fragrant. Coupled with the plump shrimp, clams and chewy calamari, each bite had a remarkable mouthfeel. The spicy capers added the perfect kick to this blissful dish. A must order in my book.Grilled Octopus & OkonomyakiWarm rustic and earthy with some bright acidity imparted by the accompanying pickled condiments.Ny Steak A bit too heavy handed on the salt but acceptable nonetheless. Not my favorite dish but still cooked perfectly with a warm pink center. DuckCooked to a perfect pink with a tender texture and subtle yet inviting flavor For dessert, we enjoyed the doughnuts, which were fluffy sugar dusted puffs of sheer delight. An indulgent finish to our spectacular mealService was warm friendly and felt personable. Loved the environs and was amazed by the inspiring cuisine. It's safe to say i'd definitely pay them another visit when I'm in town!Happy Eats!
Being a Virgo, I always organize, not only because I'm very good at it, but I want to take care of things so others won't have to. I plan parties for friends, book trips for families and worry about the little details.This year, someone did the planning for me! it was a relief to hand over the reins and actually just show up at my own birthday brunch and just BE.Tai and her incredible staff welcomed us with such warmth and attention, it felt reassuring that we made the right choice in choosing Stones Throw for this occasion. Impeccable service, wonderfully executed shareable dishes and a nice personal touch from the staff: a hand written birthday card! I love, love, LOVE getting handwritten notes. It's a dying practice in the time of social media. The FOOD. Delectable, delicious, divine! The Burratta with avocado, crepes stuffed with chocolate and bananas, the pain perdu with sweet peaches and almonds, that fried pancake! (Yes. BUTTERY goodness!) I really love duck and their duck hash with the perfectly runny eggs and cornbread was to die for. My fave was the potato puffs. Who invented these fried ballz and can I haz some more?! ;) A celebration wouldn't be complete without mango-orange mimosas and Pimm's cup. What else can I say except cheers to this beautiful life! * thank you Rodney H. for organizing my party! This review is for you *
After seeing numerous five star reviewed for Stones Throw, I made it a point to visit for our next date night. Parking wasn't tooo horrible on a Saturday night. We parked about 2 blocks away. Yes, we had to walk uphill, but I expected worse (and an uber was ready to be called just in case). We were about 15 min early for our reservation, but were promptly seated as soon as we arrived. We started with a lovely bottle of white wine recommended by the server, since the bottle we originally wanted was no longer available. Womp. But it was agreat recommendation. Before going to stones throw, I already knew what I was going to order based on the yelp reviews. We ordered the duck pate, potato puffs, and squid ink pasta to start. DELISHHHHH. The duck pate was incredibly rich and decadent, which paired perfect with the warm pretzel rolls. The potato puffs were little balls of fried heaven. And the squid ink pasta was a delight! Bf was thrown off by the caper taste, but still enjoyed it. I ordered the duck breast for an entree and bf ordered burger cooked medium well. Unfortunately, the burger came out more rare than medium, but he insisted that it was fine and ate the entire thing. Bf was incredibly apprehensive of being full after dining here. He's made it a point that all "nice restaurants" will leave him still hungry after the meal, due to their small portions and high price tags. But that burger was a good size portion that even he was stuffed! Recommended for those looking for more of a "bang" for their buck!I was able to snag a bite of the stuffed tator tots which I'm sure went along beautifully with the burger. The duck exceeded my expectations! I loved the sauce that came along side it For dessert, we decided on the bananas foster. Please get this!! It was a party in my mouth. And the fact that it's a frozen banana milk shake INSIDE the chocolate dessert. How cool is that?! Service was great! Super attentive and friendly.
This is one of my favorite places in the City, and it is run by people who couldn't be nicer. It is always a terrific experience filled with delicious food when my wife and I eat here. I recommend ordering a bunch of the appetizers (some favorites are the squid ink conciglie, the potato puffs, and the pate, which are all excellent) and sharing - we do this frequently when it is just the two of us dining, and it is more than enough food!
I have awesome people in my life that will constantly feed my hungry needs and never ever make me pay a dime. I'm blessed, I'm loved, and I'm truly thankful. Stones Throw never cease to amaze me with their simplistic menu, making it easy to order. Go heavy on the appetizer and do share to maximize your tasting experience. Here is why:1) You must get the PUFFED POTATO & EGGS. I'm telling you, it is that GOOD!!!2) Squid ink conchigile pasta to share is the way to go. 3) Warm pork belly & crispy pig's ears. why not? Get in my tummy...4) Crispy Liberty Duck breast & rillette "taquito". By now, you all should know how much I love duck meat. Do I not emphasize it enough on my profile?!?! Anyway, this dish is UH-AMAZING!!!5) Stone Fruit Clafoutis is hands down the most memorable dessert for this month. Something about the fresh fruits suspended in a thick waffle-like batter that make it so delectably tasty. Love. Love. Love.6) An extensive beer list that will get you to drinking for 2, 3, or 4.... Beer me! Don't forget their great vino as well. Outstanding food. Attentive staff. Low-key vibe. Highly recommend this place. Cheers!The simple things in life.
Positives:Nice wine and beer selectionFood is prepared wellTasty/interesting ingredientsTrendy environmentNegatives:None majorNot a big fan of kimchi slaw on BurgTight spaces
Great food. Perfect for a date night. Very fresh food and excellently presented. They have a great wine list as well. Love the idea that they encourage contribution for dessert (you're given the opportunity to make a recommendation that they could eventually add to the menu!). I've been here a couple of times for dinner. Portions are small but tasty - pretty much what you would expect in a restaurant of this caliber. What did disappoint was the service. I came with a group of girls to celebrate a birthday. We wound up ordering a couple entrees and some apps and starters to share. The waiter made it very clear that he thought we were being cheap. I understand that the hostess plans based on table tops, but I shouldn't be made to feel guilty for not ordering hundreds of dollars of food and wine. That should have been the waiter's job to communicate that to the hostess, not our fault for not ordering more. On top of that we were celebrating a 30th birthday and he did not even offer a word of congratulations. I just felt overall he brushed us off as soon as he realized we wouldn't have an outrageous tab. Lastly, as far as food goes, the squid ink pasta and duck are outrageously delicious. We also tried the potato balls, which were basically glorified hush puppies. They always recommend the peanut butter and jelly doughnuts but I've hated them both times I've had them. It's like dipping a sugared donut in peanut butter. Way too dry.Nonetheless, I'll be back again, perhaps this time to check out brunch.
Came here for brunch on a Sunday. Made reservations on open table so wait wasn't a problem. Food - delicious! Service - somewhat rushed and mediocre.Potato egg balls didn't disappoint. Duck Confit Hash - tasty and flavorful, a bit on the salty side. Not sure I'd come back anytime soon given the price tag but I enjoyed my meal.
If you've ever had experience with balls, then you know the best ones are "puffed", because that's when they're swollen with tasty runny yolk. Add some stick to the balls with crispy tomato cream wafers and you've got yourself an orally pleasurable night. You're welcum.
Nice restaurant off the beaten path. No parking, so take Uber. Much bigger inside than you would think looking at it from the outside. Ambiance a bit cold and industrial, which sadly seems to be the trend these days. Frankly, I felt chilled through most of the dinner.A truly amazing selection of beers. The wine list is also extensive with a large selection I've never seen before. So, does the beer and wine (only) make them a gastropub? Waitstaff was accommodating and knowledgeable. I was surprised by their familiarity with the beers and wines.Beet salad was very good and the duck excellent, though very thick sliced (not to my personal liking), but cooked perfectly. I was most impressed by the small bites of squash and such accompanying the duck...very tasty and perfectly balanced the dish. Probably the most striking squid ink pasta I've ever had...the sea flavors just punched you in the palette! The peanut butter and jelly donuts didn't live up to their promise as a dessert...basically a square of dough served alongside a smear of PB&J. I would much rather have seen it served like a jelly donut!
We came in on a weekend visit to the city just for a drink! They have a small cocktail menu! I ended up going for the Pineapple Express which had Pinneapple, Kina, Lemon, Bonal, and Lavendar! I am sucker for anything lavendar! It was very good! A perfect apritif!Everything on the menu sounded so good too... will need to plan to stay for dinner next time!
My date planned the whole night and surprised me by taking me to Stones Throw for an awesome dinner. The food was excellent, highly recommended the silk ink and the striped bass fish. Service was on the spot and they were very friendly. This place is popular so make a reservation if you are planning to come here. Awesome place for a date.
Super classy and expensive brunch/drinks/beer menu. DON'T be fooled by how the tap looks upon entering. As beer enthusiasts, the BF and I nearly left upon seeing the lack of tap handles, BUT the menu is FULL of delicious beers by bottle. I actually got the Judgement Day stout on tap, 7.5 dollars for 10oz.. BUT IT WAS STRONG. They have the widest array of rare beers I've ever seen, and the bartender was knowledgeable and helpful. Good stuff. :)
Ate dinner here on a Friday night and sat in the bar section. Service was really good. They have an extensive beer list which is nice, and all the drinks we had were good. The food was mixed. The "snacks" we had were excellent and fairly large. As the meal went on, however, the dishes became more bland, ending with the butternut squash ravioli, which was disappointing. I would definitely recommend this place and just tell someone to have a lot of the smaller, tastier plates.
Incredible experience. Best brunch I have ever had. After an incredible brunch experience in Montreal I didn't think anything could top that. This place went above and beyond my wildest expectations. From the restaurant itself to the food, everything about the place is perfect. The service was impeccable while so casual and professional. So many restaurants with this type of food would make you feel like you are lucky that they're serving you. This place serves you the best brunch you could possibly get with the humility of a rookie. Trust me, this is the best it gets as far as brunch. I beg anyone to give me the name of a place that serves brunch of equal or greater deliciousness. You can try but you probably won't find one.As the smoked salmon mousse was the first dish that was served we couldn't help thinking "wow this is really fresh and delicious. How refined, creative and yet affordable and voluminous." $8 for that is just a complete joke. Then the puffed potato came and we were like "wow this place is freaking special". Absolutely delicious. So elaborate yet flavorful. So many chefs intend complexity and fail. That meal was a mastery of flavor combined with creativity and detail. The potato itself is delicious and inventive with the egg inside. You top that with a bed of awesome cauliflower pure and thinly cut ingredients adding texture to an already amazing dish. Just incredible.Then came the French toast... I told my girlfriend "eh, it's just ok". She tried. And then acknowledged how hilarious I was as those French toasts were the best French toasts we had ever had by far. To be fair they were not really French toasts. Just like the rest they were just another magically flavorful and creative dish that blew us away.At that point we had decided " ok this place is ridiculous". Just as we were getting the last dish: chicken/polenta/eggs. After being so spoiled I welcomed this dish with disappointment and borderline pissed for ordering that (because of how it looked) Until I tried. Amazing.This restaurant has accomplished a level of complexity, flavor, creativity that I did not think possible. And all that with humility and a price tag that I just cannot comprehend.Rush to this gold mine. For your sake.
What a great find! We came down for the weekend in town and I had researched Stones Throw and it looked like it fitted in with our likes so I reserved a spot. Easy to find in a nice residential area.Let me start off by giving enormous kudos to the staff...ALL the staff was amazing. Super gracious, friendly, welcoming, relatable, basically everything I could ask for in restaurant staff. I hope they owners know how lucky they are because this staff is as good as almost any I have ever dealt with. DO whatever you can to keep them!Food - what a treat!Started out with some great cocktails, well crafted, balanced, very nice!Puffed Potato and Eggs. This is one of those amazing bites that is a star. Cuffed potato with runny egg inside. It was just as good as it gets!Tomato braised romano beans with burrito. Again just super well done and satisfying.Crispy soft shell crab. This is something you could certainly eat all day. Squid ink pasta. One of my favorite things. Something about that very light brine on the pasta just sets it off. Black and beautiful and as tasty as you could want.Duck breast. Super well prepared and nice accompaniment. I will never bitch about duck, (unless you overcook it), but this was really nice.We didn't have enough room for a full dessert which was disappointing, but they took care of us with a super small portion of one of their popular items, a take on PB and J donuts. It was stellar.I can't say enough nice things about this place. Well designed, the food is outstanding, the staff is top of the top, solid wine list, great drinks. This place deserves a LOT of attention!Keep up the great work!
Finally came back for a real stones throw dinner after going to 3 of the charity guest chef tasting dinners. I started with the most delicious cocktail - pineapple breeze (I think only $9 too)! Drank 2 of those.. Started w the pork belly appetizer which was delectable! Then we were surprised by Exec Chef Jason who was hosting the table next to us and he was so friendly stopped by our table and was chatting w us. We asked him for a recommendation on what to pair w the duck entree and he was excited to give us a good pair. Then sent out the duck pate/mousse starter which was absolutely amazing - paired w warm soft pretzel sticks. It was awesome.Then I decided to have the squid ink pasta appetizer and asparagus salad as an entree and my bf had the duck. The duck was huge, beautiful, crispy skin and the wild rice / duck confit on the side was incredible. Cooked to perfection. I stole more than a few bites from him.Now my pasta was ... The best I've ever had. The shape gave it such a good texture. The sauce was out of this world and the little bites of sea food through out were so delicious. And the asparagus salad w the prosciutto and ricotta - yum. Loved all the different textures of asparagus.Ok so then as I was bursting at the seams, dessert menu comes and the pb&j donuts were calling to me.... It was like homemade wonderbread bites with powdered sugar dipped in the creamiest PB and sweetest J. Dream come true. Then finally, chef Jason sends out the nilla banana something ... What better to pair w the PB ! So Ya needless to say We devoured them. The banana pudding was amazing and the crust was super flaky.Thanks for one of the best dinners, Stones Throw! Blew us away. Keeping my fingers crossed for dirt n'worms dessert on the menu :)
Small environment although well worth the visit. I would recommend for a group size of 2-4. Very tasteful unique brunch. Only downfall is they do not have hard liquor so no bloody Mary's.
This place is awesome. The hostess has an unusual name and it started with an "M" I think but I forgot what it was! She was great. Our waiter was really good looking and well built. Good eye candy and he was great too. The menus are cute, they remind me of the ones at Marlowe but cuter. We had the potato puffs (we almost ordered another one), squid ink pasta, grilled octopus, pork belly and crispy pig ear and grilled peaches and the peanut butter and jelly donuts. Everything was really tasty and delicious. I liked the squid ink - conch style pasta instead of the usual noodles. The service was really outstanding! I'd definitely come back!5% off the bill with Uber. But we forgot to show them since we were so excited with our dinner =(
Alright let me explain myself. So I heard a lot of good things from this place and from reading fellow yelp reviews so i was like fine, lets come here for dinner on Valentine's Day! Got my reservation at 8:30 and just before anything else, do read that during that particular day, they only served one four course meal. I didn't read so i saw everything else on yelp (photos and reviews) and was like i gotta come here to eat. The 4 course meal was $90/person. So i spent about $180 and after tip and tax, $220.00... i could have eaten so many oysters with this..Hella random but shout out to UBER, loved the service, driving is a pain in the butt in san francisco.. So what did we get!Well to be honest with you, the only good food i remember was the Lamb and the desert. The other food was just not that good according to my tastebuds...But i am sure to come here during other times!
OK. Even if I try to lower my expectations by reminding myself that I'm in SF and not LA, our disappointment with the food at Stones Throw was further compounded by its rank in the top 3 of this particular neighborhood. We've wanted to try this place forever, based on the stellar reviews -- and we love the neighborhood -- but frankly just never got around to it. Well that changed last night ... and it will be our last time going there.THIS is what we were expecting it to be like: a smaller, SF-sized version of Bestia in LA: yelp.com/biz/bestia-los-PROS: Cool trendy vibe, impressively tasty (read: not overly sweet) drinks even in the absence of a full bar, main course beef was quite tasty (but overly salted like everything else) ... and that's about it.CONS: Snack plates: tried the pat -- it was tasty, but insultingly small; appetizers: ink squid pasta was ... ok ... nothing special, overly salted; pork belly was essentially inedible (all fat); all dishes insultingly, comically small -- and we don't even eat large portions. And once again, this being SF, even though the restaurant has a trendy, upscale atmosphere, with a price to match, NOBODY was dressed up -- not even slightly. Heck, there were people in there with hoodies and shorts, and of course all the guys were just wearing standard, boring button-down business shirts as if it were happy hour and they'd just come from work (really, fellas?), and obviously none of the girls except my fiance were wearing heels and dresses. And this was at 10pm; it was NOT right after work.As I've said before, if all I cared about was great food, I'd just eat at home. We go out for the social scene, ambience, and for a little escape from reality.Nope. Not going back. Ever. Very disappointed.(On a side note, THIS is a really good restaurant right next-door: yelp.com/biz/amarena-san)NB. We guess the only possible way people could rate this restaurant so high is either (a) they've never eaten in top restaurants in other cities in the world (i.e., stuck in an insular bubble); (b) they blindly love everything in SF; (c) they just have really bad taste.
Came here on a Tuesday night for my friend's bday. Overall, it was a great dinner experience! The food was delicious, the drinks were decent. The service was very friendly and just nice. They even wrote Happy Birthday on our dessert to surprise us. I'll def come back!!
So much delicious going on I'm not sure where to start, so let's start with the team! This is the ultimate neighborhood restaurant that any pleasant urbanite would dream having in their quaint part of their metro. Its the place where everyone knows your name.Open for brunch and dinner, the team is always ready to greet you with smiles, provided you smile too, and guide you in to sit down and explore the milieu of amazing beverages, yes, unique in nature, you'll find wines and ciders(yes get those), that you never knew about and most likely won't forget. For you teetotalers, there is a zero-alcohol Pimm's Cup derivative which will make you order three and you'll feel 100% sober, except slightly guilty, maybe.On to the food - starters are amazing, don't skip the duck pat, this was my go-to until foie became legal again. Yes. Foie. Live with it. Puffed potatoes are unstoppable, so why are you not ordering them. Da Burga, definitely one of the best in town, it will sate the insatiable. It has matured into perfection.Chef Halverson is a pasta expert so always get a pasta course. And if they have the Octopus Okonomiyaki, duh, get that! Entrees are stunning and stuffing, fish dishes here i have had rock, but don't overlook the duck. Halverson has webbed feet or something, which propels his duck cookery skills into flight mode. Dessert is a cute journey into nostalgia, and I'll leave that to surprise you. Just think of your favorite childhood dessert and nuff said.Except, get off thine posterior and harken off to Stones' Throw, stat.
Very interesting place with unique ingredients all over the menu. At the end of the day though, nothing blew me away to say that I would come back or to say that it's worth the money. The item I enjoyed the most was the dessert crepes. Although the main course of pork belly was tasty, something just wasn't quite right to warrant a 5 star rating. Again, maybe just my opinion. The squid pasta was also tasty, but not something I would make an effort to get again. I had the same feeling about everything on their menu. Service was excellent as expected.To summarize Stone's Throw, everything was good and tasty, just not amazing and lacked the right combination of flavors to make it a place where I would return consistently. Oh, and no expresso?! Come on guys.Reservations wise, it looks like a trend that despite making a reservations ahead of time, you will have to wait some time to get seated. Yes, they were very apologetic and nice for the 20+ minute wait, but it appears to be a trend and they need to do something fundamental to fix the issue. I am not taking away any stars for it as they were so nice and even brought a little snack.
Squid. Ink. Pasta. This restaurant has been added to my favorite SF restaurants of all time.Food: (Every single dish was a wonderful surprise to the palette.)+Puffed Potato & Eggs- must order; crunchy, soft, savory puffy +Duck Pate- first time eating this and it was creamy, and perfect for the pretzel+Squid Ink Pasta- wow, perfect balance of seafood to pasta; each bite was asking for more; must order+Warm Mushroom Ragout- hubs loved it+Beet & Fennel Salad- exquisitely plated and tasty vegetables; although a bit small+Pavlova dessert- chewy, light and airy- such an interesting combo for a sweet dish*Cocktails are also very refreshing here. Forgot what we ordered though.*Want to try the okonomiyaki next time!*would love to see more vegetarian options as my husband ordered everything on the menu and would love to see even more optionsService:Unfortunately, our server was very off-putting and looked annoyed when we wanted to order more food (but it didn't seem enough for him). Ambiance:Romantic, cozy and bustling. Made a reservation and they did make us wait for 25 minutes so that was a bummer because I like Will definitely come back and hope the service is better.-Hungry Hungry Pongy
one of my favorite places in SF! cute place with great food - ambiance was more casual than i expected, but everything here is so good! Especially the squid ink conchiglie.. literally so good that we ended up getting a second order after our main courses. the peanut butter jelly donuts were awesome as well!
Perhaps one of the coolest and delicious brunch spots I've been to in San Francisco. Everything was beautifully presented and true to taste from the lavender doughnuts, puffed potato and eggs, duck confit hash and da burger on a brioche were absolutely amazing. We will be back and would love to try the dinner menu.Members of our party was super late. Everyone in the restaurant was very kind, nice and understanding and continued to give us five-star service from start to finish. They were probably happy we finally left at 4PM. :-)
Good food, fun spot in Russian Hill. Nothing truly stands out, though you won't be disappointed.
Food: delicious but the portions are TINY. As a pescetarian, my choices were limited but I enjoyed the squid-ink pasta starter (shared) and the scallops (great sauce & flavor but small portion)Wine: Overpriced glasses. Even in nicer SF restaurants, wine by the glass is reasonably priced. But the majority of these were over $12.Service: Friendly and attentive.Ambiance: Lively and fun.
Food was amazing and the staff were so friendly and helpful. Highly recommend the duck pate, the octopus and the rib eye.
Had an absolutely amazing meal here over the weekend. The space is very attractive, and the seating is well-spaced (read: you won't be sitting on top of the couple next to you). Highlights (there were lots of them): Puffed potato & eggs - The yolk is INSIDE the potato... think about it.Duck Pate & Mousse - I love pretty much anything involving liver. I'd eat 5 of these.Squid Ink Pasta - Bright flavors from this dish. Slightly briny in a good way. I know that a lot of people on here are all about this dish, and don't get me wrong I thought it was really good... Just not amaaazing.Pan Roasted Salmon - One of the best salmon dishes I've had anywhere. And I've eaten a lot of salmon... so you can totally trust me. "Da Burga" aka Da Disaster - Our waiter was pushing the burger super hard when we asked for a recommendation, so we decided to trust him. I'm glad we did. I've never really had a religious experience before, so I don't know if this was one, but I'm pretty sure it was. Also, Cheddar. Bacon. Tater Tots. Drops Mic.So ya, it's good you should go.
I really can't complain about anything here! As an appetizer, I had the shaved asparagus salad (with pancetta, among other things), and every bite was delicious. The main course, striped bass, was PERFECTLY seasoned and crispy, with a masterful blend of salty and savory. I can still taste the sauce topping it all off. I will say, I'm glad I went on a Sunday, because the parking in this area is not fun.
I will have to share pictures next time! Everything was very delicious that I didn't make any! :) hopefully I will be back soon! A great place to eat!
Loved everything! Had a wonderful birthday dinner with my parents here.Puffed Potato & Eggs and Duck Pate & Mousse are must gets!
The food is good. The service from our waitress was delightful. However the gentleman at front who mans the host stand is a douchebag. There is a waitress who looks like she has a permabitch face on, they need to can her. We got her first, thank goodness we somehow got rid of her. She was walking around complaining the whole time. They should probably keep an eye on staff like this. Never a good look. She pretty much ruined the whole experience. Bummer.
Excellent corn soup, duck pate with pretzel. Avocado burrata salad was good but not as exquisite. Service is attentive and superbly professional.I plan to go again.
Yes! Yes! Yes please! Food is amazing. The potato egg balls on the starter menu are soo so good. You have to admit this dish is slightly reminiscent of toasted balls on a warm bed of cauliflower jizz...
I've been hearing fantastic things about Stones Throw for a while now, I finally got around to dining here a few weeks ago. My experience 100% lived up to everything I've been hearing. To start, our server Ian was absolutely amazing, he was very knowledgeable of the menu, super personable and attentive. I came here for my birthday with my family and they were all so sweet in taking extra good care of us. Also, we brought my niece (three months old) and had the stroller. We always feel a bit bad becasue we don't want it getting in anyone's but the staff at Stones Throw was SO nice and accommodating.Food wise everything we had was just awesome! The puffed potatoes, duck pate and squid ink pasta were my personal favorites. The squid ink pasta was one of the better dishes I've had in a long time, I could eat that by the bowl full. I definitely suggest going with a group of four or so and sharing, most of the dishes are made to share but an added bonus is you get to try more items on the menu! I already want to go back so I can try more of their food :) a definite 10 out of 10!
I organized a dinner for 19 that was flawlessly executed thanks to the wonderful team at Stones Throw.I found the food unique and interesting in a way I haven't had recently in the San Francisco Bay Area. Though the restaurant resides under the American New moniker it's so much more than the usual pork belly and mac and cheese with a twist.Stand out dishes:Puffed potato and eggsSquid ink conchiglie pastaDuck pate with warm soft pretzelWine was carefully selected ahead of our dinner and included some really compelling bottles that pushed the boundaries - definitely pay attention to the "bizarrely unique" section for "varietals you've never heard of and flavors that'll blow your head off." I particularly enjoyed the Domaine Les Loges de la Folie Montlouis sur Loire Brut Nature from the Loire Valley. It's a sparkling Chenin with no added sugar and a captivating taste I could drink regularly.Dessert were incredible - I admit, I'm a sucker for sweets like chocolate bananas foster and peanut butter and jelly donuts. My group tried a very large portion of the menu and I can't say I disliked a single dish. Highly recommended!
This place is incredible and wonderful for large groups! I brought a group of 16 people here, including several folks with huge dietary restrictions (veggie, pescatarian, no red meat, gluten-free, dairy-free) and they made it work with a family style meal! Set-up:Easy peasy. I emailed Tai to get the reservation and she was prompt and super helpful. Food: awesome. We had a bit of almost everything on the menu, shared family style. For folks with dietary restrictions, they got their own dishes that either had replacement components or altogether different dishes. I love when places don't just take out the restricted item and call it a day. Highlights for me were the squid ink pasta, the potato and egg, the duck and tomato and burrata dish. Ambiance and service: wonderful. No complaints. Very attentive for a large and occasionally easily distracted group.
First of all, make sure to make a reservation in advance! Stones Throw certainly exceeded my expectations-- each plate is truly a work of art both for the eyes and taste buds. The names and descriptions of each dish can be confusing and sometimes misleading; our server graciously translated menu item descriptions for us. (don't be afraid to ask your server to do the same)We ordered an array of small plates:Puffed potato and eggs-- I referred to these as "bites of heaven", the cauliflower mouse accompanying the puffed potato balls perfectlySquid ink conchiglie pasta-- The handmade ink-stained gnocchi-like pasta nuggets were nothing short of delightful. The delicate pieces of clams and calamari finished this dish. Five peas in a pod-- This plate is Stones Throw's version of a salad. This dish utilizes 5 different types of peas in diverse preparation techniques. I was confused by the description of brioche, and therefore expected this dish to be served as a bruschetta. Nonetheless, I was very pleased with it. Pork belly with grilled peaches-- Stone Throw slow cooks the pork belly and I certainly tasted it! Grilled peaches and marmalade balanced the salty pork to create a lovely sweet-savory dish. Watercress accents added just the right amount of zest.Dessert: Savory comte crepes-- This was one of the most savory desserts I've ever had; it could almost be ordered as an appetizer. The crepe layers are very thin and smothered in creamy cheeses. It is then sliced in very, very small portions and paired with actual slices of cheese. (Being from Wisconsin I absolutely loved this but didn't feel as though it was "desserty")The broad beer and wine menu was impressive. I found it very amusing that the drink menu was roughly 4 times larger than the food menu.  I made a mental note to take my beer snobs here during their next visit. I additionally noted that the menu we experienced last night is slightly different than the current menu online. Apparently a few dishes change with the season to keep the menu fresh. Also, I'm very interested in the brunch menu! Four offerings are Brunch drinks are offered by the pitcher.
Went here for dinner with a sister/brother-in-law which allowed us to try more things on the menu.Puffed Potatoes & Eggs: fun, tasty dish. Probably my fave dish of the night.Halibut Tartare: nice mix of tastes and textures (especially with the chicharrn), but ultimately forgettable.Sweet Corn Soup: where's the uni? The soup was tasty but whatever uni was present got completely overwhelmed by the corn and bacon lardons. Grilled Albacore Tuna: calamari was fresh and well cooked, otherwise another forgettable dish.Squid Ink Conchiglie Pasta: on second thought, this might have been my fave dish of the night. It's a tasty, memorable dish with fresh seafood... but it just never all came together as a cohesive dish to me.Brentwood Corn Ravioli: corn, cheese, mushrooms, pasta, and truffles? Come on now! This dish checks all the boxes on "things Steve likes", which is why I enjoyed it. However, the dish is heavy and the various components seem to get lost in the sauce.38 North Duck Breast: nice, well-executed duck breast. Another tasty but forgettable dish.So why 4 stars instead of 3? Bonus star for the great service, extensive beer menu, and very reasonable wine markups!
This is a 3.5 review. I went in June 2014 when I believe they had opened fairly recently. It's in a great location on Hyde and the interior is cozy and welcoming. The food isn't that expensive, it's a great place for a date or for a friendly night out with friends, and the service is friendly and welcoming. But I don't know if I would go back or even really recommend it. Out of all the great places in the city I just don't think it really stands out. I got the squid ink pasta appetizer, which is definitely the stand-out dish of the evening, the okonomiyaki on a recommendation from a friend, which I didn't really care for, and da burger with tater tots, which was pretty good. The squid ink pasta was really flavorful and portion hearty, especially for an appetizer. I didn't like the okonomiyaki because it didn't really taste the way I expected. I get that this isn't an Asian place so fusion makes sense, but I thought it was just too doughy with little filling. Da Burger was juicy and good, but not better than what I could get at other great burger places, but I did enjoy the cheesy tots a lot.Again, a solid place for dinner, but not memorable in my opinion.
I came here for a dinner with a couple of coworkers. The space is open and modern. We decided to order family style. To start we shared the puffed potato and egg. As my fork cut into the little ball, a gooey egg ran out. Scrumptious! The beet salad looked like a modern piece of art and was light and simple. The squid ink conchigle didn't have as much seafood or flavor as I had hoped for. The stripped bass was excellent in a ramen broth with farro. For dessert we shared the pavlova and the banana cream pie. Wow! What a dessert. The banana cream pie was superb, and creamy. I'm never one to complain about price but I was shocked to see the bill considering we only ordered one entree and two appetizers and a snack. Over $150. We did have a $40 bottle of wine, but this seemed very highly priced, even for San Francisco. Good but really expensive so I would not rush back.
I have been hyped up about this place for quite a while now. After eating dinner here last Saturday, I am pleased to say that it definitely lived up to the hype.First of all, the service could not have been more on point. Expect to be greeted warmly upon entering and leaving. It is hard to explain - but you get that genuine welcoming feeling from the staff.For dinner, we shared three small plates and two entrees: Shrimp Cocktail, Puffed Potato and Eggs, Salt Baked Beet and Fennel Salad, Duck Breast, and Slow-Roasted Ribeye. All of which were great and unique, but my least favorite was the shrimp cocktail. It was good, but the other dishes definitely out-shined it. Stones Throw has a very creative take on dessert. In addition to offering a delicious dessert menu, they also invite you to inspire them for new dessert ideas. You can choose your favorite childhood treat and the chefs may create an inventive, yet similar concoction. You can also leave your email so they can email you if they decide to choose your idea to be featured on their menu. Cool huh?Anyways, don't hesitate to dine at this great establishment - your tummy will thank you.
Came here with three friends for a girls night out and sadly this place did not live up to the hype. The staff were friendly enough, but from the slow service to the cold food (yes, cold food...our steak came out cold) and small portions, this place left us 4 girls still hungry but not wanting to order more food due to the slow service. We ended up grabbing food elsewhere after our bar stops. I'm hoping it was just an off night for them and might give them another try.
Return? Definitely. This is a destination spot. Atmosphere (3) Simple, soft lightening, plenty of elbow room, easy to have a conversation. Nice understated date spot. Fyi, we didn't have a reservation but got a spot at the bar at 6:30pm - any later and we'd have been hard pressed to get a seat  Food (4+) - We had the beet salad (4 - very good but not exceptional), trout (5+ - oh my), ravioli (4) .Service (4) Friendly, attentiveCost = Total tab before tax/tip was $104 4 cocktails (I had "The Cup" - 5+)
It is hard to go wrong with this neighborhood favorite. Friendly staff, local neighborhood vibe, great wine menu and my favorites are the squid ink pasta half order as a starter or full as main course simply love the seafood caper and ink pasta for dessert the peanut butter and jelly donuts are tasty will remind you of childhood and are fun to share with more than one person. We have done birthday dinners here for friends also and they are great with large groups offering to split the bill and package things to go even with a full house. I have not been for Sunday brunch but it's on my list for must try soon.
Pretty darn good - must must get the squid ink pasta ... Omg so so good ..perfect al dente.... Potato puff on a bed of pure cauliflower ... Duck liver pate & the so soft pretzel ... I could use more pretzel ... It's so good ... But then I won't have room for the pork belly ...the rib eye was a perfectly medium rare and the au jus is so so tasty .. Along with the Caramelized onion ... Ummmm ... The scallops ... WOW ...it is fresh & it's probably one of the only places that makes it so perfect .... The pork belly is good .. This is probably the only thing I would not repeat ... Taste like Chinese roast pork ... But Chinese roast pork is much tastier and less fatty ...but it's a keeper ! Service is immaculate... I like that they put a servicing spoon & girl so we can share !
I've had a lot of wonderful meals in San Francisco but this is one of the best in recent memory. A large group of coworkers and I took over the back area of the restaurant. We had set up a dinner with tastings of some of their greatest hits... and great they were! I think I liked pretty much everything I tasted, but here are some of the dishes that really stand out in my memory even a couple months later:- Crispy tomato cream wafers and a fava bean dip (a light and refreshing way to start the meal)- Pate and pretzel bread- Puffed potato and eggs (a bit rich but definitely the overall favorite)- Squid Ink Conchiglie pasta- Dungeoness crab salad- Seared Maine Day scallops (I think this was my favorite dish of the whole night)- Crispy duck breast and thigh (duck's not easy to get right in my opinion, but boy did they get this right)- Peanut butter and jelly donuts (a nice down to earth finish to a very gourmet meal)There were tons of other things we tried that were also fabulous but start with those and you'll be happy, I promise. The service and cozy, romantic ambiance with great lighting are a perfect complement to the delicious food you'll eat. Go as soon as possible!!
Let's cut to the chase: Everything I tasted here was incredible. Despite yelp classifying this place as American, some of the menu items are more of a fusion of different cuisines so you won't find anything that's "typical American" - which is refreshing. This is one of the rare restaurants where everything on the plate tasted great together vs. sometimes I get fancy looking dishes and the garnishes and stuff on the side are kind of gross or feel like an after thought.For starters: Grilled Octopus & Okonomiyaki Pancake - very interesting combination and pretty unique. Delicious. Mains: Crispy-Skinned Wild Virgina Striped Bass - Pretty good. It's very interesting with the addition of the Ramen-style Miso Broth.LIBERTY FARMS DUCK BREAST - I highly recommend this dish - it was so melt-in-your mouth good. I don't think I want duck from anywhere else after this - that duck was cooked so perfectly it felt like butter was twerking my mouth.Dessert: Campfire S'mores - Absolutely delicious dessert - sophisticated and well done. I scraped the crumbs and if it was not socially unacceptable, I would have licked that plate head-first like a dog. I would love to return and try some of the other amazing-sounding dishes next time around!
Everything I've had here is good, but I highly recommend the puffed potato & eggs and the duck breast. The puffed potato is filled with egg yolk, which was creamy and amazing. The duck breast was tender, juicy, and delicious. As an added bonus, it's served with a scoop of duck confit. But what made the dish exceptional was the stone fruit mustard sauce, which enhanced the flavor of everything on the plate. It's that kind of creativity that makes Stones Throw so good.
One of the best SF restaurant meals I've had in the last month! Stone's Throw is on par with 1760 with its beautifully plated dishes and interesting ingredient combinations.* Puffed potato with eggs, cauliflower mousse, chives, crispy chicken skin - $8Think soft and fluffy croquettes with soft boiled yolk inside. Delicious!!* Grilled octopus "okononiyaki" with bacon dashi + pickled mushrooms, onions, turnips on the side - $16The bacon dashi was poured over the octopus and "okonomiyaki" at the table. The "okonomiyaki" was more like a patty or flattened croquette than an okonomiyaki, but it was delicious nonetheless. The octopus was lightly charred and very tender. The pickles were tasty both on their own and with the okonomiyaki. Also delicious!!* "Toad in the hole" lasagna with mushroom duxelles, green garlic puree, asparagus, confit egg yolk - $22The yolk was firmer than the yolk in the potato puffs and the right consistency to smear on top of the lasagna. Light for lasagna. The green garlic puree was sharp on its own but perfect with everything else. The side vegetables were nicely cooked. Have I overused the word "delicious" yet? My vocabulary is too small.* Crispy 38 North duck breast + taquito with roasted fennel, braised rhubarb, pistachio butter - $28The meat could have been a tad juicier, but otherwise this was very good. I wasn't enamored with the tartness of the rhubarb, but I see why it worked with the duck. The pistachio butter didn't add a ton of flavor for me. I actually remember being confused as to what it was and thinking it was a bland gray mustard. (Not my finest moment.) Overall, this was also... delicious!! 5% off with Uber receipt to restaurant.I'll be back! And hopefully that sunchoke soup I've read so much about will be back on the menu.
Puffed potatoI will not share squid ink pasta!!! That's how good it is. Sweet corn soup
Many restaurants have great food and great service. But not many know how to make you feel truly welcome, and special.First off - yes the food here is wonderful. You wish each bit would last longer in your mouth. And the service was the perfect blend of knowledgeable and personable.What made us feel so special? This was a major anniversary dinner. When we arrived, the hostess greeted us with a big, genuine smile and said, "Happy Anniversary. We're so pleased you decided to celebrate here." She said to a few passing wait-people that this is the couple with the anniversary. They stopped and also thanked us for celebrating at Stones Throw.If that weren't enough, there was a card waiting at our table, signed by the staff, wishing us a happy anniversary.If that weren't enough, the waiter brought us glasses of champagne to begin our meal.If that weren't enough, the waiter brought us (comped) dessert with happy anniversary written in chocolate on the plate.It was so much more than enough!. It is a happy memory.
Stones Throw was just a few blocks from home but we had never made it down to the quaint Hyde restaurant. Stones Throw was everything we could have expected and more. We had their Sunday brunch filled with pancakes, hash, a tasty breakfast sandwich, and even a burger. The icing on the cake was the ginger infused donuts which were quite delightful. The staff was friendly, the drink menu was diverse and their wine options (for dinner) were vast. The ambiance was modern and chic and fits right into the Hyde Street vibe. 5 stars could easily be given for the food, the drinks, and the ambiance but the service was phenomenal and that's where the 5 stars should really be the focus. The hostess was alert and eager to help with a drink order while we waited for our table. Although we had a reservation we did have to wait a little bit to get seated but when we can look at the menu and order drinks while we wait it's not quite so frustrating to have to delay your reservation. Brunch was awesome and I'll be planning on heading back for dinner one of these days!
the food is unique and changes often enough so as not to get dull. They keep their signatures though (squid ink and potato puffs...wonderful). Try the sweet corn soup - it's heaven. On top of the food the service is excellent - the bartenders are very helpful and not snobby but still know their shit. The ambience is hip and classy and perfect for groups or dates. Get here!
Mixed feelings about this place. Appetizers, along with one of the desserts, tasted kickass but my main dish, was not so great.Appetizers:- CORN RISOTTO IS A MUST! We ordered two bowls of that yummy, magical stuff. Of course, it has a bit of truffle. :)- Their grilled octopus and pancake was pretty yummy, but they were really skimpy about the octopus. You get just ONE leg.- They don't have a green salad, which was disappointing. The beet salad was as close as we got. Main Dish: - My prime beef rib eye was terrible. It had this strange smoky taste that I didn't anticipate. Even the romano beans were yucky.- My husband's pork tenderloin and pork belly dish was way better, but unfortunately, it made us very sick the next day. (TMI--I spent some time on that toilet.) We narrowed it down to the pork because it was the only dish that we didn't share with the rest of the group and my husband and I were the only ones that got sick. Dessert: - AMAAAAAAAAAAZING donuts. So good.- The raclette cheese thing was a bit of a mystery for us, especially because we had a real French guy in the group. Why is this a dessert?!?! It's salty and not sweet at all. I mean, it's just a cheese dish dish, which is never a dessert. And, it wasn't that good.Service:Fantastic front staff and servers.Overall:Probably won't be back but the donuts and risotto were memorable.
The food was really creative and everything was cooked perfectly but the taste just didn't blow me away. I think the flavors just need to be bolder and more aggressive. Service however was fantastic.It's hard to come by a place where you feel taken care of. This place took really good care of us. They made sure we had everything we needed and that we are happy with everything as each course came out. Our drinks were always full and napkins were folded when we come back from the restroom. They go the extra mile and even write you a card with your name on it if you are celebrating a birthday. And of course at the end of your meal, they will add a candle and write happy birthday on your ordered dessert.The menu is not extensive so it made it easy for us to choose and order. We basically just ordered two from each category. Desserts were better than the savory courses so it was a great ending to the meal.One thing they did really well was with the spacing of the tables. It's a small restaurant but it felt really spacious. They can beef up the non-alcoholic drinks selection and have valet service because parking in this area really sucks.4 solid stars!
Good but not great. Really wanted to like it since it is hyped so much on Yelp. We had the Duck and the Steak, both dishes done perfectly and well, but then again- nothing "spectacular" or out of the ordinary. I felt like i could get this at any other restaurant in Sacramento where I'm from (and I have). The only really great thing is the duck must have been related to Mother Goose, it was so large and meaty. Not gamey at all.The price is where it truly takes a few steps back in the stars. If they are charging this much for such averagely delicious meals, I feel like there should be more pizazz. The desserts we ordered was the deconstructed Campfire S'mores which were good but at the price and the lack of creativity, I could have put that dish together myself.The one thing obvious that you must order is the fried egg ball, very much so if I had just eaten this dish and left, I would have been raving about this restaurant but the lack of zeal in their other dishes to reflect upon how incredible the egg ball is and the prices all around yearn for a restaurant that MAY be something awesome later on but at this point you're charging too much for what is the expected average quality in my opinion.Server's were great though. I don't think I ever got to take more than three sips of water before it was refilled and the entire atmosphere is a bit cozy and inviting.
I brought my boyfriend here for his birthday a few moths back. The food was awesome!We got the Duck Pate & Mousse, Puffed Potato & Egg, Pork Belly & Crispy Pig's Ear, "Da Burga", the duck breast, and the apple pie. I have to say, I LOVED the puffed potato and pork belly. The service was great and I will definitely be back!
Our date nights are usually enjoyed in silence: Mr. NSS on his phone reading articles (how rude right?) while I have a foodgasm...by my lone self or drafting a review in my head about how craptastic the food is."How's everything tasting?" asked our waiter, Dave.Mr. NSS: "This is the B-E-S-T restaurant we've been to in a long time!"Me *thinking*: WTF--he talks?!?Mr. NSS: "Toastmasters, baby!" he said to me.Even though Stones Throw has taken over the Luella space for four months now, I held off visiting because of the parking situation and I'm kicking myself for it (thank you to my friend, Bonnie for the encouragement.)I have to agree with Mr. NSS that Stones Throw IS the best new(er) restaurant we've been to in a while. It's even better than 1760 and Verbana which I loved. TBD and Alta CA? Ummm, they don't even come close to the finesse of Stones Throw and in hindsight, I was too generous in my ratings. The former Michael Mina chef has created a fantastically creative, New American menu that's small yet focused with 4 small bites, 5 apps and 5 entrees. I was a little concerned about the portion sizes from the earlier pics posted on Yelp but I had to doggy bag half my entree so it seems they have beefed up their portions. Expect to spend about $150 for dinner for two (including a glass of wine each, tax and tip).~ * ~ F O O D ~ * ~*Puffed Potato & Egg w/ Cauliflower Mousse, Chives, Crispy Chicken Skin ($8) - 5 STARSbit.ly/1gVqIiuThe most amazing first bite I've had, I'm still scratching my head as to how they got the yolk inside the crisp and fluffy potato and how it managed to stay deliciously oozy. So foodgasmic that this is an absolute must order. *Pork Belly & Crispy Pig Ear w/ Avocado, Citrus, Moresque Spice, Kale ($14) - 5 STARSbit.ly/1l6ZblpGreat textures and flavor profiles, the combo of the moist yet lean pork belly (with crispy skin), wisps of crunchy pig ears, buttery avocado, garlicky aioli, and burst of citrus worked incredibly well. Make sure to eat each component together. *"Toad in the Hole" Lasagna w/ Mushroom Duxelles, Asparagus, Green Garlic, Confit Egg Yolk ($22)- 4 STARSbit.ly/1ozv057I've been trying to eat less meat and I didn't miss it with this dish. The mushroom lasagna was hearty and you can never go wrong when it's topped with yolk porn. I think a drizzle of bchamel on top would have elevated the lasagna and tied everything together. Just my two cents. *Olive-Marinated Leg of Lamb w/ Artichoke & Cucumber Panzanella Salad, Meyer Lemon, Castelvetrano Olives ($27) - 4.5 STARSbit.ly/OAvwmKA stellar entre, Mr. NSS completely wiped his plate clean. The lamb was a perfect medium rare and was very tender. I usually despise olives but it was subtle enough that it seasoned the lamb well. If you're a carniwhore, get this!*Chocolate Bananas Foster w/ Chocolate Banana Shake & Warm Brownies ($8) - 4 STARSbit.ly/PTE2OHI'm not a chocolate person but Dave, our waiter sold us on this dessert with his enticing description. The picture doesn't do it justice as the brown sugar caramel soaked bananas were spooned over table-side so it altered the clean presentation. The banana milkshake was INSIDE the brownie so it was like a lava cake except the milkshake was still cold. How did they do that?!?! Seriously impressive. ~ * ~ S E R V I C E ~ * ~The staff was most excellent and everything you would want in a solid neighborhood restaurant: warm, friendly, attentive, and non-pretentious. Dave, our waiter made great recs and was able to get in another order of the potato puffs (yes, it was that good!) on the fly before our entrees arrived. The proactive manager, Thomas graciously took the time to check in with every single table to ensure dinner was going well. Always a nice touch.~ * ~ A M B I A N C E / D E C O R ~ * ~The space has brightened up a lot from the former Luella space with the use of neutral colored tables and furnishings: bit.ly/1iGH6b1. There's about seating for 40 with additional seating at the bar. I appreciated that the restaurant absorbed sound well so we didn't have to scream across the table...when we did speak to each other. Highly recommended for a date place. We had an early dinner last night and it was a full house by the time we left before 7 pm so definitely make reservations. ~ * ~ P A R K I N G ~ * ~Street parking is impossible after 5:30 pm - 6 pm on weeknights and there are no nearby parking lots. Expect to spend 30-60 minutes looking for parking. And even if you find parking somewhere in Chinatown or Van Ness area, making your date hike up and down 'em hills would be mean. If you know what's good for you *ahemWINKWINKahem*, Uber it because Stones Throw offers a 5% off your bill.
I wanted to like this place, but in the end I had a lot of mixed feelings. Ambiance: I really liked the ambiance, including the look of the menu. However, I think the ambiance created a different expectation for me. Even from their website, I was expecting rustic and simple. I love rustic and simple, but this was not that. Drinks: Huge wine selection. We got a couple bottles. Later on I did notice they had a small cocktail list but never did try any. Appetizers: Pork belly and pig ears were really good. Potato puffs were okay. Okonomiyaki and octopus were good. Squid ink pasta was REALLY good -- my fave of the night. Entrees: I got Da Burga -- pretty good, but felt like it could have been better. The tots were good. My husband got the lasagna -- umm, not what we expected... It was a different take on lasagna, which was interesting. But the portion was TINY. Even with all the appetizers we got, the portion was so tiny that he wasn't satisfied. Dessert: We got Not your Grandma's Apple Pie. It was very loosely based in apple pie. It was a custard with a rolled wafer and some kind of frozen tart crystal over the top. Very different. Refreshing, and definitely not apple pie. It can throw you off if you were expecting apple pie. Overall: The style of the food (trendy) and the prices for the tiny portion sizes didn't match the ambiance for me. It would have been more appropriate for the ambiance to be closer to something like Hakkasan. I really was expecting something more rustic, traditional, simple with a twist or something. There were definitely some high points and things I enjoyed, but I probably won't be back.
Fantastic customer service. Will be back again. Great nightlife scene. Didn't order food, but it looked amazing. Low ceiling lighting fixtures. The owner Ty was awesome. Thank you.
Excellent and good service! One of the best new restaurant in sf! Will come back and try other dishes. I love their personal touch leaving a card when it's someone birthday
Came here for my bf's work party. It was amazing. I am currently on an elimination diet, so didn't expect to eat much, but before the meal started a waitress came around and asked if anyone had allergies. i mentioned the diet, and they accomodated me!! I got my own veggie/starter plate. Followed by a diet approved similar fish entree to everyone else, as well as a pork tenderloin, similar to what everyone else got, but free of the things I am avoiding. Not only did they do that, but a friend across the table forgot her reading glasses and couldn't see the menu, so the owner borrowed her HIS glasses. Later someone else spilled wine on there shirt and they brought over "Wine Away", which magically made the red wine disappear. The service here is AMAZING. And the food, is to die for.
We came here to celebrate a birthday and loved it! We had the puffed potato and eggs and squid ink pasta to start. Both of them were great, the pasta had a nice kick to it. For the entrees we had the duck breast and beef ribeye, both were excellent, especially the beef! For dessert we had the peanut butter and jelly donuts which were also great. The only criticism I had was that they do not have their liquor license so the cocktails are made with aperitifs and so are very sweet. Also we were celebrating a birthday and while they did write happy birthday on our dessert, usually restaurants give us the dessert on the house for a birthday. Overall great meal!
We came by during my birthday weekend for brunch one Saturday afternoon after snagging a reservation online. Upon entry we were seated alongside the front window which was perfect since it was one of those SF-Summer-in-Autumn day. We ordered a few of their brunch dishes to share and while everything was great I will say the one thing that stuck out is their butter fried pancakes with the "European butter". As simple as it is, the pancakes were deliciously buttery, not overly sweet, and it had that amazing crispy buttery edges as we were told these are baked, not cooked on a griddle like normal pancakes despite being called "butter fried". I am literally salivating as I speak. I'll be sure to return for dinner.
Absolutely enjoy Stones Throw! Whether it's just to have a glass of wine or two or to stay for dinner - this place is fabulous. I adore the ambiance and the decor. The food is great. - The burger and tator tot duo is so good. Will definitely be back here!- Squid ink pasta is lovely - LOVE the pretzel and pt! Closest thing you'll be able to have to Foie Gras in California. Highly recommend!
I'm still full from my dinner there 2 nights ago! For the sake of time of dining with a rather large group we ordered ahead of time so we could try a little of everything from the menu. It turns out a little of everything= a lot of food!The starters and the desserts really shined from the menu. I tried a bite of a few of the entrees, but wasn't really feeling it. As for what I'd order again next time...Starters:- Puffed Potatoes and Eggs- Duck Pate and Mousse - Squid Ink PastaDesserts:- Chocolate Bananas Foster- Peanut Butter & Jelly DoughnutsAnd that's just about 1/5 of the food we ate. Can you see why I'm still stuffed?They had a lovely wine list as well. It also proved to be a great spot to dine with 17 people (we split up among 2 tables in the back).There's so many great restaurants in SF that I don't return to many of them often, but this is one I'd be thrilled to go back to for some more wine, apps & dessert!
A three star review for Stone's Throw seems like a crime, but I really did not enjoy this establishment as much as I thought I would.Price are high- expected.Food quality is good, but not great- unexpected.Pros:(+) Cute environment (hipster), wonderful decor, located in a great area of SF(+) Huge beer and wine selection(+) Food presentation. Detailed; unique.Cons:(-) limited beer selection on tap (4-5)(-) small portions(-) good versions of average food- squid ink pasta was good, but nothing to die over (although I enjoyed their conch style pasta versus traditional spaghetti like pasta). steak was cooked well, but didn't blow my mind. potato egg puffs were unique, but again, nothing to rave over.(-) service was a little cold, but friendly.Overall:Stone's Throw feels like the hipster's version of fine dining. Next time I would probably opt for another $$$ restaurant, but no regrets- the experience was well worth it.
A well deserved 5 stars! Stones Throw is definitely my new and favorite restaurant! :)We decided to be spontaneous and have dinner here on a random Tuesday night. We had a pretty late reservation (8:45PM) as all the other times were all filled up. Per the reviews, we gave ourselves enough time to find parking in the area. Man, parking was a pain! We circled for quite awhile and managed to find a spot on Lombard Street. A couple of blocks of walking was actually not too bad because the view was amazing at night. We could see Crooked Street (Lombard Street), the Bay Bridge, and the Coit Tower! :)Anyways, we sat down exactly at our reservation time. I was quite surprised that the whole restaurant was packed when we first sat down and when we left. It just shows how good Stones Throw is! We had already knew what we were gonna share/order:Puffed Potato & Eggs - Placed on top of cauliflower mousse, chives, and crispy chicken skin. This dish was pretty amazing. Inside the puffed potato leaked the yolky egg. The puffed potato was so fluffy, soft, and warm. I really liked how the breading of the puffed potato was just thin enough. It wasn't too heavy too!Squid Ink Conchiglie Pasta - Came with spicy capers, clams, calamari, and tender greens. Love love love this dish! A generous amount of seafood was provided. The pasta was cooked al dente and was very flavorful. It was actually a perfect portion size because if we were given more, I think it might have been a little bit too much. Pork Belly & Crispy Pig's Ear - Loved this dish as well. The pig's ears were so crispy that it reminded me of chips. The pork belly was lean and not too fatty. This dish was also served with avocado, citrus, moresque spice, and kale. It complemented the pork belly very well as it was refreshing. Crispy 38 North Duck Breast & Thigh - Came with black rice, asian pear, celery, and peking spiced jus. A very generous portion of the duck breast and thigh. Unfortunately, it was a bit overcooked, but it was still good. I enjoyed the thigh part more though. I thought the black rice was a bit interesting. It kind of reminded me of risotto. I usually don't like cooked fruits (pear), however, Stones Throw cooked it very well that I actually really enjoyed the cooked asian pear!Sadly, we were stuffed from our meal and didn't get to order dessert. (Also, because we had ice cream at Swensen's before dinner.) However, I am absolutely sure we will be back to Stones Throw again. Overall, it was a delicious and affordable meal. Service was excellent and friendly. Everything was well executed and our water cups were never empty. I'd definitely recommend this restaurant 100%! Just an FYI, if you do drive, make sure to give yourself plenty of time to look for parking. Otherwise, Stones Throw does offer 5% off your bill if you take Uber. :)
Delicious potato egg balls. Delicious squid ink pasta. Lovely ambience and service. But that duck for main course though. Why is it being served?! Tastes like something straight off a county jail platter. Definitely a place I'd like to visit again but that inconsistency in meal quality leaves the place a stone's throw away (apologies for the terrible pun) from five stars.
So, Stones Throw is probably on its way to being one of the best restaurants in 2014 in SF. It's THAT good. Proof can be seen in how packed it was when my friend Brittny and I showed up on a Thursday night. Thank God for reservations!We had a hard time figuring out where to stand while we were waiting for our table, and was invited to stand at their center table while we waited. A little awkward, but hey, who doesn't like being front and center? Once we got seated, our really friendly waiter came by and checked in with us. It was then that we were informed about the items that were his favorites and what were the traditional picks. After mulling over things, going through a session of girl talk, we ordered the following:Appetizers:-Dungeness Crab Salad-Pork Belly & Crispy Pig's EarMains:-Toad in the Hole Lasagna-Crispy 38 North Duck Breast & ThighSo, a few things. I'm not a huge dungeness crab person. I'm more of a shrimp girl, so ordering this dish was a risk on my part. Pork belly, on the other hand, is usually my go-to item when I see it on a menu. The result couldn't have been more surprising. The crab salad really just nailed it. That's not to say the pork belly wasn't good (loved the crispiness of that pork ear), but it paled in comparison to the crab salad.Second item to discuss, I love duck. I love duck at fancy places (La Folie) and I love duck at casual places (1760). And throughout my meal, I thought to myself, "Wow. This is really great. Especially that crispy duck skin. gimme." And then it happened. Brittny kindly forked over a sample of the lasagna, and I knew right away one thing had happened: Eater's Remorse. My tastebuds got suckerpunched. I immediately had wished that I had gotten this, especially since it's a seasonal item and the likelihood of me having this again is somewhat unlikely. If you're around when they have this, do me a favor and order it. Kthxbye.Finally came dessert. I had managed to sneak off and tell the restaurant that my beautiful friend had just gotten engaged. Our waiter recommended to us the banana's foster, despite my friend's craving for their peanut butter & jelly beignets. The banana's foster came accompanied with table-side serving of the super hot caramel sauce being poured over. Amazing. And then, the beignets showed up with a nice little message that said "Congratulations!".Overall, I think Stone's Throw has serious potential. If you're a beer freak, this place is for since it's beer list is long and respectable. The food here speaks for itself, and the place really gives the neighborhood a nice cozy feel without the need to be pretentious. I will absolutely be coming back here!
I have had really good experiences at Stones Throw. We first went for my wife's birthday, when they certainly pulled out all the stops. We shared a couple of dishes which were all very good, the standout being the Da Burga. The slaw that they use on it complements the richness of the cheese and meat perfectly. The Everything Tots that come with it are an experience themselves as well. Little balls of cheesy salty goodness.Needless to say, we have returned a few times to relive the experience of Da Burga. Once was when my wife was pregnant and thus couldn't eat the burger at their usual medium rare serving. When they brought out the meal the waiter actually waited for my wife to cut into it to see if it was cooked enough. Before she even thought about it, he was taking it back to the kitchen so that they could cook it just a little bit longer. Literally, three people swung by to make sure that it was okay the second time around. We weren't upset, we didn't make any big commotion, but it was SO NICE, to know that they genuinely cared. That made the experience even better! Kudos to the staff of Stones Throw! We shall return (the wife is excited to get Da Burga at the proper temperature now that the baby is out).
Stones Throw has been on the to-do list for awhile now even thought it's basically a couple blocks away (woohoo, no worries about parking!). Although I could only finagle a reservation for 9:00 on a Friday night, the struggle to get into the city made it actually a reasonable dinner time...go figure!Our group of 4 was promptly seated although we did spend a little time at the way overcrowded teeny tiny "bar." Having done my Yelp research, we were ready to order and the waiter was helpful in helping us make sure we ordered enough food.Here's what we got in ranking of deliciousness:-PUFFED POTATO & EGGS: Cauliflower Mousse, Chives, Crispy Chicken Skin ($8)A must order for sure as you can see by the multiple reviews. Think mashed potatoes stuffed with a runny egg yolk, fried and service with fried chicken skin. How can you possibly go wrong?? -PORK BELLY & CRISPY PIG'S EAR: Avocado, Citrus, Moresque Spice, Kale ($14)Fatty pork belly topped with crunchy fried goodness contrasted with the creamy avocado. Awesome dish, every bite was amazing.-SQUID INK CONCHIGLIE PASTA: Spicy Capers, Clams, Calamari, Tender Greens ($15)Who doesn't love squid ink pasta? The squid ink gives it, in additional to a cool color, a more al dente firm texture that I absolutely love. Clams and calamari give it a seafoody flavor that packs a punch!-GRILLED OCTOPUS: Chorizo, White Beans, Braised Radicchio ($16)Perfectly grilled. Most people don't like octopus because it's chewy and rubbery when not cooked right - not the case here. This octopus was tender and the char flavor only enhanced the octopus flavor. If you don't like the octopus here, you're not going to like it anywhere.-OLIVE-MARINATED LEG OF LAMB: Artichoke & Cucumber Panzanella Salad, Meyer Lemon, Castelvetrano Olives ($27)I had read that this was the real standout of the main courses and it was definitely good. Not too much lamby taste. Overall I was more a fan of the snacks and starters but it was nice to get a little more substantial dish to feed the bellies-'TOAD IN THE HOLE' LASAGNA: Mushroom Duxelles, Asparagus, Green Garlic, Confit Egg Yolk ($22)Raw egg? Hell yeah! The name "lasagna" might be a little misleading because the only thing that made it lasagny was the thin pasta on top. Lots of mushroom flavor and the raw egg gave it a luxurious creamy texture.-DUCK PT & MOUSSE: French's Mustard, Cornichons, Warm Soft Pretzel ($8)This was definitely good but not a super standout in my mind. The soft pretzel was an interesting way to load up on the mousse With all these dishes and a bottle of wine our final bill for the group of 4 was just a little over $200 - not too shabby for such an amazing meal! Will be back!
For snacks, we tried the Puffed Potato with Egg which was delicious. It came highly recommended by our waitress and I'm glad we took her advice. I could have eaten another plate. We also tried the Grilled Octopus which was good but I thought slightly overcooked. The beans it came with were really good. I would skip this dish next time. For entrees, we tried the Crispy-Skinned Bass and Anson Mills Polenta (vegetarian). The Anson Mills pasta had a nice texture and delicious flavor. I would definitely order this again. We ordered two desserts - the carrot cake and the "Peanut Butter Jelly" Beignets - neither were memorable even though both were recommended by our waitress. The beignets were still warm and arrived on a plate with peanut butter and jelly sauce. Both dishes were bland. I would skip these next time and save the calories. Overall I love the vibe of Stones Throw. Cute place to grab a glass of wine and they take reservations.
Flawless serviceAmazing beerGreat wineFantastic desertGood cozY foodAwesome atmosphereWhat else can one ask for?
Stones Throw has been a four-star restaurant the other times I've been there. The food is solid and once in a while they will switch up the dishes. I've been happy the other three times I've been here.However, this past time was a disappointment. The food was incredibly salty and the saltiness overpowered everything else. Perhaps it was an off night, but for close to $30 per entree, I expect the entree to have more flavor. It's still a great spot for dinner and drinks but I'm not looking forward to coming back anytime soon. Will probably visit Trestle instead..
01.03.14A dash of Michael Mina plus a pinch from Fat Angel, and you get one of the hottest new restaurants in San Francisco. I definitely started my first Friday of 2014 right with a dinner at this spot.First things first: you're in Russian Hill, and you know parking will be horrendous. Stones Throw is situated on a cable car line, but if you're feeling fancy or running late, an Uber ride will also get 5% off your bill.The menu did not disappoint. I arrived a bit late to share a final piece of a crunchy, crispy, and spicy chicharrone. YOU MUST ORDER THIS - absolute flavor explosion.The table had the puffed potato and eggs, pork belly and crispy pig's ear, and grilled octopus to share. I especially enjoyed the puffed potato and eggs, as it take delicate skills to make a perfect runny yolk enveloped in the puff. I hope this isn't one of the seasonal items and stays on the menu ALL THE TIME.I couldn't decide what to get for my main course, so I went with the pate and the pasta (diet will start...sometime in 2014?). The pate came out looking gorgeous, almost dessert like in terms of color and presentation. The flavor combination with the soft mustard pretzel was a match made in foodie heaven.I saved the best for last. The squid ink conchiglie pasta was cooked al dente, and mixed with clams and calamari for texture on texture on texture.I know it's only been two months and there may still be kinks to work out - the main one for us being the lag time between courses - but this was all around a fantastic meal. yelp.com/biz_photos/stonTotal damage for five: $270
We came here last night for one of their "Eat like a Chef, Drink like a Sommelier" dinners. They host them once a month in collaboration with another restaurant, and all of the proceeds go to the Marin Food Bank..how cool!We opted out of the wine pairings and got to try their large selection of beer and wines. The tasting menu was absolutely delicious! Each dish had very unique flavors and left us wanting more. I typically skip on desserts but I polish my plate of delicate treats! The service here is excellent--everyone super friendly and attentive. No wonder people rave about this place!
Such a great staff and place to eat! Would recommend to anyone for amazing food and ambiance
If I came back, I'd stick with the starters and skip the entrees. In particular, the squid ink pasta was bursting with flavor and the bits of seafood were all so sweet and perfectly cooked and the octopus was tender and charred to perfection. The entrees felt one note and seemed to lack creativity, compared to the starters. The puff potato was also disappointing. Wouldn't get that again.
This restaurant is truly a gem in Russian Hill. We took an uber from our hotel in union square, the fare was about $14 but the restaurant gives you 5% off your bill if you show them your uber receipt. I made an 8:30 reservation about 2 weeks prior and our table was waiting for us when we arrived. They don't have a full bar, only an extensive beer and wine offering.We ordered the potato balls, and I agree you must order these delish little potato wrapped yolks. The topping that the sprinkle on is wonderful. The pate with pretzel bread is also great.The squid ink pasta looks like bugs, but is so good! The pasta was perfectly cooked and the sauce was wonderfully rich with just the right amount of acid.The soft shell crab was crispy and perfectly seasoned.The beef two ways. It comes with a braised short rib and a steak. The jus that they use was beefy and rich.Key lime pie, we aren't usually dessert eaters but BF loves the key lime pie do we tried it out and it was divine! Not a traditional pie but so good. Not too sweet, we are is all before I remembered to take a picture.The service was beyond reproach. Our waiter was attentive without hovering. The food was brought out promptly and our water and wine glasses were never empty. Thank you Yelp community for leading me to this amazing gem.
Stones Throw would get 4.5 stars if I could. I went for my birthday and had a great experience. Complete from the birthday card on the table when I arrived to the dessert with 'Happy Birthday' written on the plate in chocolate and candle, they nailed it. Extensive beer selection made it hard to choose. I ended up enjoying one draft and one bottled. The food is great too.
Great drinks, great service and great food!I know this is a restaurant but the staff treated us like we were friends who just happened to drop into their place of business. we arrived early for a resv and enjoyed well crafted libations for a brief period waiting for our table.The apps were interesting and yummy and then my beef main course arrived. I was a bit concerned that it looked a little too pretty and not enough on the portion - but when I was finished, it was entirely satisfying.Afterward, my friends and I decided to take a walk after dinner and the bartender came out on the street with us and pointed us towards a section of town that would meet our after dinner cocktail needs. WOW!
Stone's Throw definitely lived up to it's reputation - how often does that happen?? It was just LOVELY! Wonderful, warm and knowledgeable service. The food was fantastic and even though they were totally packed we felt like it was just the five of us in our own little foody world. We tried and loved the following dishes:Starters:Squid Ink PastaOystersPuffed Potato & Eggs (table fav!)Pork BellyEntrees:Duck BreastBrentwood Corn Ravioli (my personal fav)BeefDessert:Pretty much everything on the menu! What can I say, we like dessert :)Rave reviews from all five of us!
This was our second time eating at Stones Throw - the first time was for my wife's birthday and there was a little confusion with the wait staff that resulted in our table being over attended to and gave the feeling of being rushed. When one of the owners, Ryan, found out about my experience, he reached out to me with a very sincere and genuine apology and gave his assurance that our experience was not what was intended.  Thanks to his above and beyond effort, my wife and I decided to give Stones Throw another chance and the rest of this review will be about that experience.We arrived on time for our reservation and were seated promptly. They have an extensive beer list that contains many interesting items that aren't your typical beers that you'd find around here. The waitress was very friendly and you could tell she really had a passion about the food they were serving as every question was answered in detail with enthusiasm.We started with the Squid Ink pasta and the Pork Belly and Rillets - I've never really had Pork Belly before, but after eating this, I'm totally a fan. It surpassed my initial expectations and was in one word, deletions. As for the pasta, this is very different than any other pasta I've had before in the sense that it is jet black (from the squid ink). This was also very good.For the main course I had their burger - I had been eyeing that before and I was not disappointed. In fact, this was probably the best burger that I've ever had at a restaurant. That's not to take away from any of the other great burgers I've eaten - it's more to describe just how good this was. There were two things that made this stand above the rest: First, I ordered it medium rare and it came out perfectly pink all the way through - just how I wanted it. At most other restaurants, you have to order medium rare just to hope that you get it medium with a little bit of pink. Second, the bun, cheese, and the non cream based cole slaw all combine to provide a really excellent flavor. The burger is also served with tater tots that are filled with cheese and sourcream. The next time I'm in the mood to have a burger at a restaurant, I'll definitely be headed back up the hill to Stones Throw.My wife had the duck, which I had a taste of - it was melt in your mouth tender and my wife really enjoyed it. For dessert we had the peanut butter and jelly donuts and their new key lime pie - these were great - my wife normally doesn't like lemon or lime but she did enjoy this.Overall, I really enjoyed our dinner and I'm glad we gave Stones Throw a second chance. I was watching the other tables and I didn't see any of the issues that we had seen previously with over attentive-ness. The last thing I wanted to say was that both of the owners of this place seem like very pleasant and kind people - it's nice to see such people operating a restaurant in this area. We'll definitely be back to see them in the future.
Delicious! From the beer to the dish, simply great. We tried all of the four beers they had on tap and one of the beers that they had on their list of bottles. The beer list is pretty impressive spanning a full horizontal page, they also offer wine as well.Their food was pretty scrumptious, the service was stellar, and the ambiance was classy meets hipster Seattle-ite. Pretty different for SF but I liked it, I would come back again but there was nothing to write home about.
Solid 4 stars. Comparable places would be: 1760 and Verbena (now closed). I prefer stones throw to the other two if I had to choose. Just solid American food with a slight twist sometimes. It's perfect for nights when you just want something nice but still relatively simple. I'm a fan of their octopus and duck dishes. Tip- do yourself and your sanity a favor, Uber there because parking in that neighborhood is horrific.
Finally trying out the new kid on the block, after hearing rave reviews from some close friends - in fact, one of them had just mentioned Stones Throw to me during lunch, so along I came, wanting to treat my mom to a nice dinner before her flight home. Rather than getting full off of entrees, we focused a bit more on appetizers instead, ordering their:* Squid Ink Conchiglie Pasta - Faaaaantastic dish, and easily our favorite part of the meal. With every bite you get massive in-your-face flavor goodness, which gets stronger the closer you get to the bottom of the bowl. If you don't make a point of stirring every now and then, it actually becomes a little too overwhelming, so, be sure to do so. The best way to describe the flavors of this dish? Pasta in a seafood chowder. But fancier.* Pork Belly & Crispy Pig's Ear - I, admittedly, found my first two bites of this appetizer a bit boring and uninspired, until I made a point of eating the pork with a bit more sauce, and a bite of fruit, which suddenly made for this fantastic, balanced blend of contrasting flavors. As is often the case, all the ingredients are served together for a reason!* Crispy 38 North Duck Breast & Thigh - Not quite as tasty as our appetizers, especially given that we've had legit Beijing duck before, but, still enjoyable, albeit a bit salty. Could have definitely benefited from less heavy-handed saucing, or larger portions of the rice and pear.* Peanut Butter & Jelly Doughnuts - My reaction to this dessert started at wtf, and quickly shifted to resigned disappointment, as I wondered how we went from fantastic savory dishes to a lackluster dessert. To be fair, this platter of fluffy beignet doughnuts and fanciful condiments was not terrible, but, given the complexity and contrast of flavors in our previous dishes, the singularly sweet nature of this dessert fell disappointingly short.But, despite our dinner ending on such a low note, I still have to give Stones Throw a solid 4, if not almost 4.5 stars. One of the more notable dinners I've had recently, and one I can see myself treating myself or someone special to again, if not just for that pasta dish alone.***Accessibility Info***Venue - Disregarding the excessively steep and numerous hills in the immediate vicinity of Stones Throw, which you may have to traverse depending on where you ultimately find parking, the venue itself is perfectly accessible, with a large, open floor plan.Bathroom - Given how new Stones Throw is, it's not really a surprise that their restrooms were up to spec.
We have a dinner club -- each of the 4-5 friends picks a new restaurant that we haven't tried and enjoy a lovely meal together. Friday was Stones Throw -- a very cute, yellow-painted exterior restaurant that is larger than first appears, in Russian Hill.The service is exceptional here -- which is how restaurants rate 5 stars, right? Especially if the food is great. Or, only if the food is great.We were greeted by a wonderfully buoyant hostess (I think she's an owner), who immediately caught upon our comments about the "moss painting" -- and told us the whole story. She then graciously took us to a nice table in the back -- didn't feel like the back-back but just the other part of the restaurant. Then we were greeted by our exceptionally, on the edge of histrionic, OH SO HAPPY server -- ultimately, we realized we were the ones in the wrong for judging her too harshly and that she was well-versed, very enthusiastic and helpful. And funny. And cute. You go girl! Go!Small menu: maybe 20-25 dishes all together. Maybe less. I left my friends to pick out the menu and they engaged the server to recommend.What we got:PUFFED POTATO & EGGSCauliflower Mousse, Chives, Crispy Chicken Skin -- delicious! A must have! Delicate, surprising and we all wanted more more more after we each tried a small croquette. DUCK PT & MOUSSEFrench's Mustard, Cornichons, Warm Soft Pretzel -- the pretzel was the perfect accompaniment to this dish. They even brought us more mini pretzel rolls without us asking. Fabulous!SQUID INK CONCHIGLIE PASTA | 15Spicy Capers, Clams, Calamari, Shrimp, Tender Greens -- this was the best dish of the night. Squid ink pasta was fresh and not too "al dente" for me and the seafood was so good that our non-pescatarian ate it too. Very fresh, very delicious, very delicate!Pea Shoot salad -- seasonal on their menu -- had a brioche crouton and meyer lemon sauce with ricotta cheese -- I wanted this to be more OOMPH -- it was a nice moment of greens in a protein heavy meal but nothing to dance-about about.WARM PORK BELLY & CRISPY PIG'S EARS | 14Pork Rillettes, Charred Onion, Sunflower Seeds -- no, no no no no NO. Too much fat. Weird. I like pork belly when there's pork on it. Maybe we got the fattest plate of the night or maybe everyone orders this -- I don't know. Unfortunately, it was the last plate and the worst, so it left a bad impression overall. Sadly. The pig's ears were the best parts.
My wife and I were visiting and decided to go to stones throw because of the excellent yelp reviews. BIG mistake going on a Saturday night. We called ahead around 8.15pm and was told there was a 25 minute wait for 2 of us, we got there 5 minutes later and the hostess who i later found out was the manager wasnt upfront with us about the wait time. We ended up waiting for 90 minutes to get seated around 9.45pm.. I mean the bar not even the table. Felt completely misled as it seemed like they just wanted to get people in without really caring much for service. I spoke with the owner of the restaurant who was highly apologetic but couldn't do much since we had already paid the bill.The food was good - especially the octopus & squid ink pasta. I wouldn't suggest going without a reservation on a weekend unless you go early or after 10pm.
I like to scan Yelp for the new restaurant openings and I'm so glad I caught this fresh new spot in its first week. For a spot so new, you expect that some of the operations are still being perfected but everything about the food and service was spot on.My friend and I really enjoyed our meal, here are the deets:Snacks1. Puffed potatoes and eggs - cauliflower mousse with bits of crispy chicken skin- Very tasty, you get four pieces2. Duck pate - mustard w/cornichon shavings and 2 warm, soft pretzels pieces- Hurray for tastinessMains1. Crispy duck breast- My friend got this and said it was one of the best duck dishes she had enjoyed, perfect sized portion2. Chestnut raviolo - chanterelle mushrooms, brussel spots halves w truffle butter- Absolutely delicious dish, little small on the portion side, you may need extra food :)DessertWe enjoyed the grandma's apple pie custard dish, little bits of frozen shaved fruit on topMAKE A RESERVATION NOW! I predict this restaurant will be hard to get into unless you've made a reservation a few weeks in advance.
Omg! The lady who served us called me darling through the entire dinner which normally would have seemed cheezy and annoying, but this just gave me the warm fuzzies and made me feel super special! Needless to say the service was fantastic !! The food was superb. I got the burger which was just pink in the Centre and super juicy. Fairly large variety of wines, I don't recall the name but it was a really good sparkling rose recommended by our waiter. The doughnut balls were little fluffy pillows of fried dough and sugar- yum!! I'd recommend taking an uber and making a reservation, trust me!!
The puffed potato eggs are hands down the best brunch dish in SF!
i've been wanting to to try this place for a while but was sadly underwhelmed with everythingordered:-PUFFED POTATO & EGGS: Cauliflower Mousse, Chives, Crispy Chicken Skin... best dish! -DUCK PT & MOUSSE:French's Mustard, Cornichons, Warm Soft Pretzel.. ok, the pretzel was nice and warm-SQUID INK CONCHIGLIE PASTA :Spicy Capers, Clams, Calamari, Shrimp, Tender Greens.. pretty good-WARM PORK BELLY & CRISPY PIG'S EARS:Pork Rillettes, Charred Onion, Sunflower Seeds.. loved the pigs ears but the rest of the dish was ok.. the pork belly is just like any other roasted pork you can get in chinatown-CRISPY SOFT-SHELL CRAB: Avocado, Cucumber, Yuzukosho Creme Fraiche, Sesame Vinaigrette.. way too salty!!! even my friend was loves salty food thought this was too salty-ROASTED BEEF RIBEYE:Sungold Tomato Panzanella, Shishitos, Tomato 'Dashi'.. pretty goodbut kinda too much going on-"DA BURGA" aka DA DISASTER:Dressed & Ready, 'Everything' Baked Potato Tater Tots..ok, but it was missing something.. the tater tots was good though-cracker jack.. interesting but it was missing something.. there was some sort of spice.. cardamom? -strawberry cheesecake: best dessert out of the 3-peanut butter and jelly donut: worst of the 3wash it down with the summer cup: their version of the pimms cup was pretty tasty.. i liked the jalapeno kick
My guests and I had an amazing time here. Ian, our server, did a great job taking care of us. He was very helpful with my gf, who has Celiac and my friend who had difficulties deciding what to drink. The apps are some of the best I have ever had in the city. They were done with care, had great presentation and perfect for sharing. We took our time and we never once felt rushed. Thank you Ian! Definitely my new go to spot (sorry Nopa).
Definitely the squid ink dish!!! The rest are ok for me. My friend rated this place 5 stars, because she said their cust service is top notch. I don't rate a place based on cust service as priority. For me the taste of the food is first, then cust service and the rest (creativity, place, design, ambiance, yada yada). Most Americans give bad ratings or good ratings based on cust service then food. I still preferred NOPA for American fusion style of food. Maybe Frances on Castro?.........
In love :)We got the duck pate mouse, squid ink pasta, the bass and the burger. Finished the meal with a banana pudding dessert.Everything was on point, fast with good drink selection.Highly recommend!
So I love this place. So many good things to rave about this place that I'm not sure where to begin. To me food is most important so let's start there. We ordered based on recommendations of a friend. Puffed potato and egg: DELICIOUS. I wanted to just eat all of these, give up on the rest of my meal and die happy. Too bad I had to share with the bf. The waiter said he wouldn't tell anyone if I I didn't save my bf any while he went to the restroom. Funny guy! Burger with loaded tots: apparently they only make 20 burgers a day so if you love them, then get one. You can tell the patty is house made with quality ingredients. Loaded tots were pure fatty goodness. Creme fraiche, bacon, chives and cheddar. It was like a baked potato tater tot! Crispy Duck leg and thigh: crunchy, juicy, flavorful, literally mouth watering as I reminisce... I can't talk about it anymore. Just get it! Peanut butter and jelly donuts: plain and simple. Little donut balls with peanut butter and jelly swirls you dip into. Grandma apple pie: Panna cotta, maple ice, rolled wafer, apple pieces, and spices. This is not an apple pie but Apple pie inspired flavors. It was so unique, I absolutely loved it. The flavors and different temperature, different consistency all melded to a whoaaa what did I just put in my mouth? (in a good way) ;-)Plus lots of good wines and beers to choose from! Service: was friendly, a bit slow, but expected for a crowded Friday night at 7. Definitely make reservations. Decor: loved the repossessed wood look, with cute little bird motifs. Comfy and cozy. I want my kitchen to look like this place! Parking: arrive at least 30 min early. Or park farther and get Uber to drop you off. The restaurant worked some deal with them. I found parking so I didn't get the details. All in all, I'll be back, if I can get a table....
I have a hard time recalling another occasion where I experienced such lovely service for such a large, rowdy group. I ate dinner at Stones Throw with 18 other people and if you've seen the place you'll realize we took up a lot of room. They tucked us into the back though and kept the food and wine constantly flowing. And, oh! The food! Was it ever amazingly delicious. We were lucky enough to get to try a plethora if items since we were eating family-style in our big group. The puffed potato and egg with a cauliflower mousse, the squid ink conchiglie pasta, the tomato cream wafers, maybe most importantly the peanut butter and jelly donuts were all standouts for me. Gah! I salivate every time I think of this meal.But, even better than the food was the service. It was flawless and even though several of us lingered over last glasses of wine (we don't see each other that often and were really enjoying catching up) nary an eye was blinked.Stones Throw is definitely a fantastic dining destination for a date or a group and if you haven't been you should try it sooner rather than later.
I have been lucky enough to dine at Stones Throw twice in the last week. The beer and wine selection (50 of each) is awesome and the staff is super helpful in helping you identify what you'd like based on your preferences.The food is the real winner here. I have tried everything that's currently on the menu (expect Da Burga) and you really can't go wrong. Don't miss the following:- Puffed Potato & Eggs: in fact, order 2. One order comes with 4 pieces of these tasty, pillow-like bites and an amazing sauce- Duck Pate: Possibly the best thing on the menu. Decent chunk of spread only comes with 2 pretzel balls - might want to order an extra pretzel or two (there's more than enough meat to cover it)- Squid Ink Pasta: assortment of shellfish, spicy capers and kale. Scraped the plate clean.- Octopus Okonomiyaki - the Okonomiyaki Pancake was divine, but the octopus was slightly over-charred for our liking. Nevertheless, we still inhaled it.- The Chicken Main Course - so good. Ordered it both times and finished it both times.The first time we were there the chef came over to our table to thank us for dining. We enjoyed a beer with him and though the whole experience was amazing. Both times I was there the chef also presented our table with a free dish (duck pate the first time, roasted sunchoke soup the second). Although I will probably wait a little longer until my next visit (for the menu to change), I can't wait to go back.
Loved this from start to finish! A casual, non pretentious vibe, and the food is GREAT! Dinner: Had the salmon, and it was BEAUTIFUL! The presentation, flavors, and quality were outstanding, a memorable experience! Dessert: Tried the pb & j donuts (beignets) were a great match with coffee. Although I didn't have any, the wine was excellent as well. We will be back!
Food was to DIE for. Had ribeye caprese as my entree and squid ink pasta as my appetizer. Yum! Bartender was helpful and well informed on beers wine and cocktails. Our server, Lucas, was an absolute delight. Can't wait to come back and see him again. We had so much fun! Best meal and service I've had in a long time. Go stones throw!
What a wonderful find. I used to live a block away and now I regret moving away! With its clean lines, dark stained wood, and mixed set of beautiful dishes, you get a sense of the effortless-seeming incredible attention to detail that went into putting this place together. I had a great meal and look forward to coming back.RESERVATIONS: Love that you can make brunch reservations! Despite brunch being a Sunday-only thing here, luckily it hasn't taken off too much, so it was easy to find a time that worked, and I even changed it a few days beforehand when they called to confirm the time.THE SERVICE: Excellent, excellent. Very friendly and chill. My good friend and I just sat and caught up for an extra hour after were were done eating and did not feel rushed at all (granted, there wasn't a wait for tables either). Our water was always filled, and the timing throughout the meal was impeccable.THE COST: So affordable! $17 total per person for 1 app and 1 brunch entree.SNACKS* Puffed Potato and Eggs - 4.5 stars(Cauliflower Mousse, Chives, Crispy Chicken Skin. $8)pic: yelp.com/biz_photos/stoncross-section: yelp.com/biz_photos/stonWonderful. Each puff has a thin, grainy, light yet crispy breading. It was SO fresh that the server warned us to poke it with a fork first, or it might pop open (I should've listened). The filling consisted of a layer of mashed potato, which was super soft, and within that a gooey yolk filling. Delicious.SWEETS* Butter Fried Pancakes - 4 stars(Strauss European Style Butter, Vermont Maple Syrup. $13)pic: yelp.com/biz_photos/stonThese pancakes are HUGE! You get two that fill the entire plate. This was very fluffy but not dry. Simple and delicious, but I did need syrup with each bite. We didn't ordered this but actually made friends with the group at the table next to us. They couldn't finish this and let us try it. I tend to like pancakes with more toppings/fruits/filling and found this a little too simple.SAVORY* Butternut Squash & Duck Confit Hash - 4.5 stars(Fried Eggs, Buttermilk Biscuit. $17)pic: yelp.com/biz_photos/stonA very delicious savory dish - I love the autumn hints (butternut squash, brussels sprouts). The biscuit was dense and had a perfectly moist texture while just slightly crisp on the outside.Snacks menu: yelp.com/biz_photos/stonSweets/Savory menu: yelp.com/biz_photos/ston
The food was great. They have so much beer selection and it was quite impressive. The food was nothing that blows your mind, but it was delicious. Very friendly staff. Parking is tough. We used the valet one block away who caters to all the restaurant around. This place is really casual.
Still as good as the day they opened. Winning awards left and right and run by only the finest. The complainers are about money, then go eat somewhere less expensive and don't complain if you can't afford it. Tip, uber it and let them know :)Make reservations. Relax and enjoy. You will be well taken care of by competent chef, staff, hosts, bar staff and soms.
Had no idea this was where Luella used to be, but they redecorated the interior a bit and made high ceilings which opened up the space a lot. I came here with two of my girlfriends and ordered everything family style. Unfortunately, Stones Throw does not have a liquor license so you'll just have to stick to wine and beer. Everything we ordered was really good, but my favorites had to be the squid ink pasta, pork belly, and the leg of lamb. The banana pudding dessert was also really good, none of the other desserts looked too appealing but this one hit the spot. The portions are on the smaller side and a bit pricey, but had a nice experience overall.
Came here last week and thought it was very good. The food was very favorful from beginning to the end and the service friendly. We got there at 6 and was seated immediately. We ordered the appetizer with the egg in the middle (forgot what it was called) and the ink pasta which were great starters. I ordereed the bass as my entree and it was delicious...juicy and cooked right. For dessert, we ordered the PB&J donuts. The only issue was the Concord grape jelly was overpowering and too tart that it overpowered the dessert. Overall, a great experience here. Because it is located in Russian Hill, it was very difficult finding parking, Just plan to walk or be lucky.
Just had brunch here for the first time and had to give another 5-star review on top of the previous one for dinner.This place just elevates food, simple as that. Some places have bagels and lox; stone's throw has smoked salmon mousse with house made bagel chips. Basic foods that everyone knows how to make, like eggs, find a whole new level here. Stone's Throw is now in a heated battle with Brenda's and Plow for best brunch in SF as far as I'm concerned.Also, big shout out to Ryan & co. for the philanthropic work with the monday night dinners benefitting the SF food bank. Best food in Russian Hill + giving back to the community in a big way = 5 shiny stars.
I've been here once. It was the brunch menu which was a bummer because I was looking forward to trying dishes off the main menu.Parking is a nightmare.My thoughts: Stone's Throw has many five star Yelp reviews, some calling this place PHENOMENAL in caps. We didn't get PHENOMENAL in our first visit. We got HAS GREAT POTENTIAL.We had burgers (DA BURGER), but they didn't make me cry. Umami (Hollywood) and The Lexington House (Los Gatos) have the burgers that put a tear in my eye.KALE SALAD and POTATO PUFFS were not memorable. Getting stuck with the brunch menu happens to me often. I think that if I ordered off the main menu, this review would be going in a different direction. I get the feeling that some restaurants get too relaxed with their brunch menu, and they don't try as hard as they would normally--like not full steam. But when I read go back and read the reviews of this place, I get re-convinced that we should try this place--again. But I'm torn because it's way out of our area, and the parking scavenger hunt is not something I want to experience again.If you try this place--go on a day when the main menu is out. That's my suggestion.Then write me a good, straight-forward, reliable review so I can figure out if this place is worth a second try.Happy Eating!
This place was very hipster but I enjoyed it...like when one of the servers called the mustard a "dijon jellay". We arrived about a half hour early of our reservation and the nice gentlemen at the door still welcomed and seated us promptly. This place does small plates so we ordered a bunch of items from the starters, main, and sides menu. Very cool textures to the food, unique mix of flavors, and interesting presentation. Price point was a tad high but the service was great and the food came out in a reasonable amount of time. We had the duck mousse, puffed potatoes, seared duck, squid ink pasta, and warm pork belly. I'd say just the right amount for two people.
2 stars for soft lighting and pleasant service, but I'd never come back to this place. My husband and I came in without a reservation and had dinner at the bar on a Friday night.We asked the bartender whether he could recommend a nice fruity wine that wasn't sweet. He kept saying over and over again that none of their wines were sweet except for one, so we wouldn't have to worry about that, but he couldn't find anything on the (relatively long and decently pricey) wine list that fit what we were looking for. He eventually set us up with a bottle of the fruitiest wine on the menu, which was a mineral-y and frankly dull. We started with the duck pat and mousse, and were incredibly underwhelmed. I guess they keep the dish extremely cold to achieve a photogenic, clinically precise cut for those food photographers in the house, but the disk left us both wanting. The pat layer was rock hard, hard to slice, and both the pat and mousse were flavorless. Had the dish been pleasing, the warm pretzels, although lovely, would have been insufficiently large to accommodate the spread, but since the spread was so unappetizing I couldn't even finish my micro-pretzel. The mustard and cornichons tried in vain resuscitate what was a faltering dish, but it was beyond recuperation. For mains we ordered the corn ravioli and the duck breast with plum and corn. The corn ravioli was stuffed with sweet corn and cheese, yet the pasta skin was hard & chewy around the perimeter. I did like the cheese ball accompaniment on the side. The duck breast was also underwhelming. The chef managed to get a perfectly crispy skin, which was lovely, but the sauce was flavorless and I kept encouraging my husband to carefully ration what seemed like a tiny teaspoon of plum and corn such that the sweet accompaniments could last for the entire breast, as the sauce did nothing for the dish and the duck needed sweetness to be palatable. It wouldn't have hurt to add more plum and/or corn to this $30 plate. As it was, it felt meager and sad. Worst $140 with tax and tip I've spent in SF. We ended up going to Za's pizza across the street to share a slice because we left hungry and nauseated after that pat, who's lingering flavor I couldn't shake until I had my pizza.
This is a bit overdue. We went for brunch about three weeks ago and loved it. Service was great and the space has a good look and vibe. All of us split and devoured a stack of the butter-fried pancakes and then each dived into the duck confit and corn hash. The hash was heavenly. This is one of our new fave brunch spots.
Had a wonderful time at Stones Throw. Visited on a Tuesday night with my husband for a 6:30pm reservation. Our table was ready and waiting when we arrived. The hostess was really friendly, as was everyone who approached our table whether it was our server, a bus boy, or another server just helping to deliver food. Everything we ate was really good but the stand out of the night for us was the pork belly & crispy pig's ears. It was sweet and savory and just an all around delicious dish.My husband had the burger which had a cool carrot slaw on it and was really good. The stand out with that dish was the fully loaded tots - they tasted like a baked potato with all the good stuff. I had the corn soup for dinner. It was sweet and creamy with a couple of little corn coquettes, and crispy chorizo. A great entree for me, since I was saving room for dessert.We shared the chocolate bananas foster for dessert. Super rich and decadent but a perfect end to the evening.
Fantastic service, great ambiance and the squid ink pasta dish with seafood was one of the best dishes I've ever had! Definitely recommending Stones Throw and I'll be back.
I came here for dinner and had a blast! It's casual while having an upscale menu. The service was amazing. The hostess and the waiter were so kind and charismatic. We received drinks while we waited for a table that we arrived early for. Our orders were taken promptly and recommendations on portions and flavors were discussed. The waiter knew the menu items well and didn't mind talking to us about what we were tasting and kept our glasses full. I couldn't have asked for a better dining experience! We got the pork belly avocado salad and the mushroom ragout. If you like crispy pork belly, then this is the dish for you. There were great flavors all over the dish and waiter ensured us that no one would care if we kicked the plate. The mushroom ragout was fantastic with great creamy mushroom flavor without getting overwhelmingly earthy.My family split the burger, squid ink pasta, and the chicken breast. The burger was cooked to perfection and the chicken breast was also moist and extremely flavorful. We polished off the meal with the pb+j donuts and the fall pavlova. The donuts were more like fresh beignets and were so tasty! The fall pavlova was also on point with ending the meal with a lightly tart and sweet flavor to close the mealTldr: food was awesome, service was spectacular, I would definitely come here again
The 4 snacks, 5 starters, and 5 entree menu is small and simple with thought out dishes. Puffed potato eggs - This is the best dish of the night. As a lover of potatoes and all things egg, I'm amazed at how they even constructed this dish. The outside is perfectly crispy and once you bite into the potato, you get a slightly running yolk inside. Squid ink conchiglie pasta -A perfectly balanced dish. There was enough flavor and salt to compliment the seafood, but not over power it. "Da Burga" - Very solid burger with a thick patty on a toasted brioche bread that did not get soggy even to the very last bite. There wasn't any faults in the burger, but I wouldn't say it's one of the best I've ever had. "Toad in the Hole" Lasagna - The dish looks small, but it's very hearty and you really can't say no to runny egg. The mushrooms layered in this lasagna are very earthy and rich. The greens on the dish helped with presentation, but I didn't particular think they add much to the dish in terms of tasteChocolate Bananas Foster- DELICIOUS. Not too sweet even though we got a heavy hand of the caramelized banana and walnut topping. The brownies pieces are small but incredibly decadent. My boyfriend and I were thinking about ordering two dessert dishes, but the waiter suggested sharing just one. He was right.My boyfriend and I split all the dishes above and walked away satisfied with only $40 damage to our wallets.
We had a lovely dinner here last night! The food was great, the service was excellent, and the ambiance was pleasant.Our party of four shared all the dishes family style. The avocado burrata salad was great, the duck pate was good, and the okonomiyake was tasty (though I wish they could have done it without the bacon in the batter). We also enjoyed the squid ink pasta (our favorite entree!), steak, and duck. For dessert, we got the chocolate bananas foster and PBJ donuts - both delicious.The beer and wine selection was extensive and awesome!Our waitress was great - articulate, friendly, knowledgeable, and accommodating!I only wish the entrees were slightly bigger.
Decided on Stones throw for a brunch with 4 people. I made a reservation 2 weeks in advance and got called, emailed, and texted reminding me of my reservation which was a bit bizarre. I went with the burger (da burga) with a side of loaded tater tots. I thought the burger was OK. With a hefty $17 price tag, i was expecting better but in my opinion it was too rich. the bun felt and tasted soaked in butter, the meat was average at best and it wasn't really "dressed up" with anything more than some cheese. The loaded tater tots were very good however. You bite into them and it tastes like you are eating the best part of a baked potato. My girlfriend got the scrambled egg dish with vegetables which she was satisfied with but nothing special (not too many vegetarian options on the Menu). We also split the salad with green goddess dressing and avocado. It was definitely on the smaller side and worth a split as an appetizer as it was well dressed and the ingredients were fresh.They have a good bottled beer selection but good luck finding a bottle worth getting for less than $12.All in all, stones throw was good food at an unreasonable price point. 2 burgers, a breakfast sandwich, scrambled eggs, 2 beers and the mimosas for the table ($25) came out to $160+ and definitely not worth it for the quality of the meal.
I think I've been here 20 times in the past two years. At this point, I should no longer be surprised by the outstanding staff, creative talent, and wonderful ambiance. But I am, and it's why I'm looking forward to the next 20 visits. A reservation is recommended if you want to dine between 6 - 8:30, as they are (rightfully) oversubscribed. I luckily live just a stone's throw away and can easily snack through my hunger while I wait out the crowds for a 9PM seating. All the food has been outstanding. I don't think I've had anything short of extraordinary and we typically order everything on the regularly changing menu. A couple of regular favorites:1. Puffed potato & eggs - the first item we ever ate, it holds a special spot in our hearts and our bellies.2. Squid ink pasta - this is the only time I order pasta when I eat out. Ever.3. Ribeye - the preparation changes frequently, but what doesn't change are the tender, perfectly cooked to medium-rare nuggets of beefy goodness, accompanied with some tasty and complementary accoutrement.There have been many other favorites over the years, many of which have been once-in-a-lifetime experiences before they are retired for the next batch of brilliance courtesy of the fine people at Stone's Throw. Thank you Tai, Tyler, and Danielle and the rest of the staff for bringing a world-class experience to our little San Francisco neighborhood, see you in a couple of weeks!
We came here because of all the stellar Yelp reviews & I can only repeat the same experience. We tried all the appetizers & starters on the menu for one meal (for 2 people) & not a single one disappointed. Perhaps next time we'll try an entree. Service was outstanding. Someone always attended to us as soon as we needed something.
Really amazing food. I've been here a couple of times now and have left very happy. I had the corn ravioli as my main dish, and I could not stop talking about it. You might need an appetizer since the portion sizes are not huge.
The menu makes big, big promises. It is absolutely mouthwatering. And then the food arrives and the portions are teeeeny!! I can't say that all the flavors described in the entree listings come through in the food. I came for brunch and ordered the french toast, which was good but as I said, not filling and not as epicurean as described and therefore-- to me-- not worth the cost.
This place not only has good food but EXCELLENT service as well. We had a dinner reservation for 5 of us for a girls dinner on a busy Friday. 2 of our friends were late (like over an hour late) and it made us really uncomfortable as we knew that the waiter could have churned through more tables at this time.We ordered a few appetizers and drinks so they weren't waiting on us, and the waiter was very patient and understood the situation. So much so, that he gave us a complimentary appetizer since he knew we were hungry and waiting on a couple more people. What?! We were inconveniencing HIM and the restaurant, and he gave US a free app? You just won me over! We had two orders of the squid ink pasta, the puffed potatoes and eggs, the ribeye, the bass, and the burger. All were delicious, and cooked to perfection. No complaints here. The final bill for 5 of us was around $300, which wasn't too bad for a popular restaurant in SF, and given the fact that we ordered basically two of everything! Definitely going back here and recommeding to all my friends!
Don't understand the 5star reviews here. It was average at best. Service is ok, but I have one word: salty.The squid ink pasta was salty and. confusing. I definitely didn't understand it. Go to La ciccia or SPQR if you're looking for this.The bathroom was also rather questionable. The smell of raw sewage hit me in the face when I entered the restroom. Also, it's obvious no one checks the cleanliness factor due to fecal matter sitting on the toilet. Spent over $100 but left hungry and a little sick. I guess in sf places can get away with this.
Good food, super slow service
Had a fantastic remember-forever meal here last fall, too bad it was pretty lame last Friday. Portions were yes delicious but WAY too small. It really disappoints me how US restaurants of a certain quality almost always skimp on the portions once they get famous........service was perfunctory at best, staff seemed bored, dessert selection was disgusting and NO those fucking PBnJ donuts do not have any chocolate in them as our waitress said. Stupid fucking lame dessert by the way. Overly pretentious waitstaff trying too hard. Twice my glass was almost taken away before I was done, clearly, and once the guy brought me a white wine I hadn't ordered. My brother made a far better meal at home last night --- more than enough to eat, and no annoying yuppies to leap over. Thank God I'm going to Italy soon.....
Maybe it just isn't my thing, but I thought the food was heavy....tasty but something was off. The egg potato puffs were good but reminded me of greasy heavy bar food and it was cold. The pork belly pigs ears were just too fatty for my taste. The duck dish was amazing. The ravioli was bland and heavy. The burger was odd tasting. The tater tots were good. Nothing on the dessert menu looked appetizing. I wouldn't come back. Really nice staff and service though
So, so, so good. Came for a special occasion and it was a great choice. Parking sucks, but it's SF so what's new? The service was on point, and interestingly it seemed to be an all male wait staff; not sure if it was just the night or is intentional. My dining partner did have the only negative comment of the evening that there was far too much urine around the toilet for a restaurant as cute as this is, but if there are few women on staff, it seems sadly unsurprising. Still, mop around the toilet fellas! I didn't see it, so I can't confirm her findings. However, sullied bathroom aside, this place is fantastic. Inventive without being crazy. Bites with all parts of a plate, or pieces of it, were equally delicious. I had the sea bass, my fellow diner had the duck for our entrees, both were fantastic. Our snacks & starters were the potato egg balls, which in reviewing fellow yelpers' pictures, our may have been a bit overcooked as our yolks were solid. Still yummy, but would have preferred a looser yolk. We also had the mushroom ragout, which was super flavorful and delicious and the squid ink pasta which was quite lovely -- especially the foam which seemed to be a very delicate sweet onion. Dessert was a tough choice, so we didn't choose and got both the s'mores and the pb&j donuts. Though the s'mores was quite yummy, I was surprised by how effing delicious the donuts were. I didn't want them to end and held myself back from licking the plate. Crazy good all around. Left feeling full and quite happy.We didn't hold back ordering (as you can tell), and also had 3 drinks per person in addition to the 3 starters, 2 entrees, and 2 desserts (just call me Fatty McFatterson, I've earned it). All said, however, the tab was just over $200 all in. I'd say that's not bad considering the quality of every component of the evening.
Visited Stones Throw on a Friday night. We showed up with no reservation and were able to sit down. The food here was great, the staff was knowledgeable on the wine list and we enjoyed the ambiance.
Overall, the experience was really good! The down side is that parking sucks around this area and took us forever to find parking. Portion sizes are enough that you will feel full (with dessert though), but definitely no leftovers.We started with the fish sticks and squid ink pasta as the appetizers as the server recommended the fish sticks. The fish sticks were good, fresh, crunchy and flavorful and the mustard sauce they had on top of it also paired well. However, I thought it wasn't anything special and memorable. The squid ink pasta was really good! I loved the pasta texture which was a little chewy and perfectly al dente. There was a lot of seafood in the pasta sauce which gave the dish so much flavor and not overly salty. The portion was on the smaller side but it was enough to share between two people as we still had our entrees. The entrees we had were the duck breast and sea bass. The duck breast was cooked to a medium rare and very tender and juicy when we cut into it. I felt on the other hand that the skin was not crispy enough, therefore, the skin was getting more soggy as we continue to through the entree. The duck confit sausage that was part of the entree was really good as well~For the sea bass, fish was cooked perfectly and the skin was very crispy (unlike the duck). The dish was on the lighter side which was good for me as I still wanted to save room for dessert. For dessert, we opted for the banana pudding as the people next to us recommended it. The banana pudding had a lot of real banana flavor (not the extract) and the pie crust was buttery and crunchy. The caramel they put next to it was only so so. For the service, the server was really nice and was only so so on the recommendations for food and wine (maybe it didn't really suit my taste). The food came out really fast from appetizers to entree to dessert, which was okay since we were hungry. But if you wanted more conversations in between, i would like it to be a little more time in as the dinner was finished serving in about 1 hr (starting with the appetizers). Usually restaurants of this style would take about 1.5-2 hrs. I would definitely come again to try out different dishes and also their brunch as well.
We came here for my husband's birthday. Really neat place great service and incredible food! They were about 15 min late on our reservation so the hostess ordered us an appetizer on the house!! Two of our party ordered the Duck Special, one ordered the Burger and I ordered the scallops. Every single dish was fantastic!! Also got a text reminder about our reservation and they included a 5% Discount on our check if we used Uber to get there! Nice bonus!!
So lucky to have this gem in our neighborhood, or rather, we're so lucky to have moved into the neighborhood that has this gem! Their menu is always exciting and showcases the best flavors of the season, the service is impeccable, from the front-of-house through to every server we've encountered. The owners clearly take pride in delivering an incredible dining experience on every level, and each visit has been a delight for us. We're such fans that we used them for a private birthday party event, and the entire team was extraordinary. Everything, from our experiences in planning leading up to the event, to the attention to details and, perhaps most centrally, the quality of the food, was better than we could have ever thought.
Oh my what a fun night! People working here really make it a happy place! Dishes were excellently prepared. Flavors were great, ingredients tasty, and good portion size. Cracker Jack was amazing (dessert), puffed eggs and potatoes were very enjoyable, all mains (we had all of them except for the burger) were all very different, but all cooked well and packed with flavor. Wine list was good, beer list was astonishing! We will be back =)
We had dinner reservations here at 5:45 on a Thursday.We were debating if we should order 3 small plates and 2 mains but the only main that was appealing to us was Da Burga so we decided on 4 small plates and 1 main."How was the potato puffs?" Delicious.- This delicate potato puff was perfectly cooked and the egg yolk had the perfect consistency. "How was the duck pate?" Delicious.- I love pate and to smear and on the mini loaf of pretzel bread made it more enjoyable."How was the pasta?" Delicious.- I've never had squid ink pasta before. Honestly, I don't know if it's supposed to taste the way it sounds but it was good. "How was the pork belly?" Delicious.- The pork belly was okay but the crispy pig ear was yummy."How was the burger?" Delicious.- Soft brioche bun, juicy meat, melted cheese, and tasty cole slaw with a side of crispy tots. FAB-U-LOUS. They even divided it onto two plates for us! "How was the chocolate cake?"- Delicious.- Really rich, like really. The caramel made it a little too sweet for me but it was good."How was the apple pie?" Delicious.- This was a creative, innovative, and tasty version of the apple pie. Very different and worth the try.From the time I sat down to the time I threw my white towel on the table, service was impeccable. The servers were very attentive and friendly. I love, loVe, LOVE the decor style.
Wow.Seriously. I'm gonna cut to the chase & keep it simple, because there's elegance in simplicity. And this meal was elegant from start to finish.The potato puffs. Light & airy somehow...Great alternative from the traditional potato side/app. The pate. I love pate, so it's always on. Rich & velvety. Wish there were more pretzel bites though.The squid ink pasta. Love, love, love. Fresh, clean, & light. Not customary adjectives used to describe pasta. The flavors w the shrimp meshed so well. Just delicious.The pork belly. Everyone knows I love pork belly. This dish, like the squid ink pasta, was knocked right out of the park. So tender & meaty. The sauce...pretty effin great. Elements of what I thought were turmeric & curry. It rocked.The lasagna. OMG. Order it. You will love it. Full of flavor. The egg yolk is the icing on the cake. Not traditional lasagna...better.The bananas foster. BOOM. Rich of course. It's dessert. Live a little. You deserve it.The pb&j donuts. Just do it. My man remarked more than a couple of times that Stones Throw is a 5 star venue. He is the toughest critic. Nuff said.
I started with the orange blossom cocktail and ended with the PB&J donuts, and I can contently say that this meal was great from drinks to dessert.The orange blossom was pretty great. If you are concerned about it being too sweet or too dry, don't be. It did receive and delightful, quite well balanced. I would put it in the range of a French 75. And if you're not a cocktail person, there are 50 craft beers on the menu, so take your pick.We got the potato and egg. Honestly, we weren't sure about it, but it looked and smelled so delicious that the table next to us promptly order the same thing. Which brings me to another point, the tables are all quite close together. I don't mind when my neighbours ask for recommendations, but if you're looking to have a private conversation, you may want to consider an alternative location.We also got the risotto, the pork, amd the agnolotti. Good choices all around. Nothing to rave about over and above the other dishes, but the consistency put this place over-the-top.Last but not least, the PB&J donuts. Get some. I don't have anything more to say on that topic .
I LOVE LOVE LOVE this restaurant. I have come in several times for dinner and a few for brunch and it never fails to be amazing. Service is always spot on and the food is delicious.
Shout out to Tyler behind the bar! I came through with a friend but without a reservation on Saturday night. No problem. We got excellent service. Tyler came out from behind the bar to bring us our bottle while we waited for seats. Then the food! The potato balls are a must. Squid ink dish was super rich and way more enjoyable than this seafood hater would have thought. The tri tip was the only thing that failed to impress; the meat was great but the sauce needed some oomph. Nonetheless, the slight shortcoming of the meat isn't enough to take off a star. I can't wait to return to this spot.
My former boss was in town on business and wanted to get together to catch up. We are both foodies so I went on the hunt for that special little neighborhood place with amazing food and I found it. My bosses first comment "This place is awesome!" He is right. I'll be back for sure.
I went for a late night dinner with a large group for someone's birthday and everything was sensational. I'm definitely going back and bringing a bigger appetite. I'm only disappointed I didn't pace myself through the myriad courses. I'm sure I'm not the first to mention it (and the restaurant is up front about it) but you're setting yourself up for failure if you attempt to park within walking distance of the restaurant. We actually lost two people in our party who were so exasperated after 20 minutes they double parked while one of them came in to say they were both going somewhere else. If you have someone from out of town with you who's been angling for a cable car ride, it drops you off around the corner from the restaurant.  Uber to the rescue for pick up.
I came here a month ago and I'm already back. The first experience was awesome; second...EVEN BETTER!Let's start with the wine, prices are in my wheelhouse and cab we had was delicious. We all had a glass of the same wine and the waiter gave us some generous pours, which was really nice.Now onto food. To start we had a couple snacks and apps. On the snack front, we ordered the Warm Mushroom Ragout and Duck Pate. But we were also considering the Puffed Potato & Eggs. So the they just brought us all 3 and WOW They were both just rich enough and incredibly delicious. I think the Potato & Eggs were the winner for me.On the app front, we had the Squid Ink Conchiglie Pasta and the Beet & Fennel Salad. The Squid Ink Pasta is one of their most popular dishes. It's probably among the best squid ink pasta I've ever had. I will get this dish every time I come here, which will probably be quite often.Entree time, we had the Prime Beef Ribeye and the Agnolotti. The Ribeye was cooked perfectly IMO (I ordered medium-rare).If you're not hungry yet, then wait until I get to dessert. We got the chance to try everything. They do a nice culinary fine dining twist on childhood desserts which is pretty cool. The smores and nilla wafers in banana pudding were my favorites. Oh and they take suggestions for desserts to add to their menu in the future!Hats off to Stones Throw! You've knocked me off my feet once again. I will be back!
This was an amazing experience from the moment I walked in the door. I've rarely met friendlier and more attentive staff--every single person, from the host to the waitresses to the chef--brightened my day with a smile and great communication.The first thing they put down on the table was awesome, and it wasn't even the food: it was the sparkling water. Okay, you're saying, what? Sparkling water? Who cares? It's just like every other sparkling water. But not here. They had some kind of magical unpronounceable potion that merely masquerades as sparkling water on its off nights. I took one sip and I was like, "Whoa!"Now, maybe you're thinking, this guy's spent a whole paragraph on water; are we ever going to talk about the food? Yes! Wow, yes. Just like almost all the other reviewers, I had the puffed potato and egg, which was creamy, interesting, savory, and smooth. Really a delightful starter.Then for my main, I had the duck, which was equally as mind-blowing as everything else, if not more. It came with so many cool little extra things (all of which were awesome) that I can't even tell you what they all were. I'm not sure my prose is up to describing this duck; I think you'll have to try it for yourself.Overall, extremely worthwhile. Expensive, but completely and absolutely worth it.
I came here for a dinner with friends on a weeknight - we had a reservation so there was no wait. The interior is very intimate and cozy, but sociable enough to go with a group of friends instead of a date. We shared the potato puffs, squid ink pasta, and duck pate. I loved all of it! I thought the squid ink pasta would be gross, but the pasta was very chewy and not heavy on the squid ink flavor, which was nice. The portions were very small, but enough to keep us occupied till our main course. I ordered the crispy-skinned bass and my friends each tried something different - the duck, burger and steak dishes. The bass was delicious; my only complaint was that I thought the broth was slightly salty. The duck looked really good; it's on my list of 'to try's. Everyone gave their respective dish a huge thumbs up. Tip: apparently the tater tots that come with the burger are made out of potato puree so the inside is mushy and delicious. They also seemed to have a good wine / beer selection. Overall, service was great. Quick, friendly and very attentive. Definitely a place worth checking out!
Stones Throw will not disappoint. It is a solid, new American restaurant in the Nob Hill/Russian Hill neighborhood.I've dined here a few times and did find that the best way to dine here is by ordering several dishes and sharing them family style. This option will cost more per person though ($35-$65 pp depending on how many dishes and/if alcohol's ordered).The other way is the whole table just orders one hearty dish. I went with the burger and was absolutely stuffed and walked out only paying $25 for the meal for my share.While everything here is outstanding, I do think that the burger is extremely heavy, along with the fried tater tots. Still - it's really delish. I would recommend ordering it medium-rare. I ordered medium and it almost seemed to miss any hint of pinkness.The other dishes are fantastic and lighter - all the seafood and protein dishes are great!The ambiance is cozy and modern. It's not as contemporary as Verbena and 1760, nor does it have a very large bar. Still- if you want to grab a glass of wine, their high top tables and small bar area are great just for that.Overall, a great place for date night, a double date night, or simply catching up with a small group of friends. They do have a back area that can seat more than a dozen people though if you do want to host a special event/celebration here!
My goodness is all I can say. One fine Sunday night, a few friends and I decided to have a girls foodie night out and of course, this was our destination of choice. My goodness, oh my goodness. First and foremost, the service and ambiance are spectacular - our waitress was attentive without being overbearing and helpful without being demanding. The entire vibe is warm, intimate and exudes understated class. It's perfect for the romantic date night as well as the classic friends get-together! Now for the food... it seems like small portions and a plethora of app-like mini entrees constitute the evangelized SF New American scene with the additions of 1760, Verbana, TBD, Alta CA and the like. At first, I was quite a protester of such radical change, but it has quickly grown on me and I now find myself seeking such restaurants. And Stones Throw is definitely the leader of the pack in this category!Each and every dish was creative perfection from start to finish - but our group had an unanimous consensus that the Duck Breast & Thigh swept the other dishes out of the sea! Seriously, do yourself some well-deserved justice and order the duck. It's tender, juicy, fatty without being lard-like and oozing with Halvorson's uniquely concocted flavor. Close contenders were: the puffed potato and eggs, duck pate and mousse and the lasagna. Keep in mind, the lasagna does not look or taste like a traditional lasagna - it's quite quirky but delicious nonetheless!The wine list is great but we opted to bring in 2 bottles of our own wine - the corkage fee is only $20 so it's definitely worth it if you want to crack open that special vintage bottle of wine you're secretly guarding at home! Happy Eating, Yelpers!
The duck pat and liver mousse appetizer was excellent. The curry squash soup was equally impressive. The mains (burger and trout were also delicious). The drinks and desserts were on the fresh and interesting side. Great experience all around.
Thursday evening ~10pm. Busy bar.Had a reservation but... 20+ mins later still having to wait in huddle by the door. Perhaps issue with reservation process or bad lack? Annoying either way.Comfortable table, ok atmosphere (would categorize is a little on the lively/noisey side).Food sometimes good (squid pasta, risotto), sometimes fine (sea bass), and fine you're paying on the higher side given what it is.So. All sounds fine right? But... when you're waiting and waiting sometimes you feel like a vent, so we'd written an initial review and posted. Maybe we felt like the score was creeping up over the course of the meal and may well have updated ... But along comes Mr Manager/Owner.Yes you probably take a bad review personally. Yes you and your staff presumably work very hard. But no, you can't come and loudly lecture paying guests in front of a bunch of other customers about how they should take down their yelp review or change their opinions. Whatever intention you thought you had by doing that, it was a condescending and embarrassing delivery, and turned a slightly positive experience into a very negative one.
It's rare to find a new American restaurant now a days that offers you a unique selection of food more than just the typical steak and chicken dishes. This restaurant by far has surpassed my expectations. I would without a doubt go here over and over again. Some stand out dishes are the pate, duck and the bass. Not only was the food good but the service was just as good. They made us feel like regulars that we're going to our local dinner spot. You won't regret going here.
a spot you want to check outgood:the drinksdef get the potato egg puffsget a few orders because you'll inhale themsquid ink pasta was tasty but not the best i've ever hadpate, i'm not a huge fan of to begin with, but tried a tad and liked itokonomiyaki was so interesting and def one of the dishes i liked the mostsalmon was buttery, veggies were done perfectly (i hate mushy veggies!)bad:the ravioli fell way short of my expectationsdough was tough and innards were blandmeh:the desserts (beignets and apple thingee)cute spaceit gets crowded and you have to waiteven if you have a reservationto be prepared to chill at the bar
After months of walking by this joint I was excited to nab a reservation for this joint for a friends birthday. I called ahead and asked the restaurant to do something for her birthday and they were kind enough to set up a hand written note and offer us dessert at the end but im getting ahead of myself. The restaurant itself is a in nice quaint area of Russian hill and there are the cable cars up and down the street showing the SF flair. The dcor of the joint is really simple and modern. They have a bar setup and multiple tables. The servers were all very friendly and we were promptly seated for our reservation. We perused the menu after the bday girl was happy about her handwritten note and decided to order multiple starters including a bottle of vino. They had a great vino selection and we were easily able to find a bottle to our liking. We decided to order the Duck Pate, Squid Ink Pasta, Grilled octopus and okonomiyaki pancake, Da burger aka da Disaster, and the striped bass. The Duck pate was good but also a bit rich after a few bites so drink up the vino and use lots of the pretzel roll. The squid ink pasta was standard but well done and we ate every bite of it. The pancake was very unique and pretty solid which was surprising as I thought this would be a hard dish to pull off. The burger was delicious and extremely big. The tater tots were a bit forgettable for me but the main was solid. The striped bass was delicious as well. They brought out a "surprise" dessert for the bday girl afterwards to wrap up the dinner. All in all, a good experience at this joint. Good flavors that are refined will be a joint I come back to for an intimate dinner with friends or a date.
This treasure of a restaurant is worth the arduous journey of finding parking in Russian Hill. The staff is a superior blend of attentive service and authentic, friendly personalities. The menu is a smorgasbord of consistently high quality across inventive dishes that delighted our table throughout the night. Every one of the following dishes are worth ordering:Snacks/starters: Squid ink pastaDuck pateWild mushroom ragoutMain: DuckSea bassRibeyeThey even have a great selection of wine and beers, both of which I am an avid high standard consumer. I don't know why I'm writing this review this way. I think it's because Stones Throw made me feel like a pretentious restaurant reviewer for the first time in my life. Comin' back for sure.
I really wanted to hate this place. I figured it was just another San Francisco, American New, menu full of pretension and douchebaggery.... but I was wrong.Sure the menu has things like Chicken Liver Pate and other things that I would likely never try, but we came in here last Friday with an open mind. In 2 people we split:Corn Risotto: AMAZING, literally so f*ckin good. Corn was perfectly sweet, not overcooked, and while the dish was comforting it was not heavy at all.Tomato Soup: This is a hard thing to make well, because it is so simple and generic. Honestly this soup was so delicious, right amounts of acidity and generally enjoyable. Ribeye: Amazing flavors, perfectly cooked. Da Disasta Burger: We ordered this thinking the above list was not going to be enough food. Unfortunately by the time the burger came we were not hungry at all but it still tasted good.The bartender was extremely nice and informative, pleasure to dine with. All in all a very positive experience. I'll be back!Only problem is they are beer & wine only but that is probably because it's nearly impossible to get a liquor liscence in the residential part of Hyde st.
Came here about a month ago for a celebratory dinner and everything was amazing - from the wine selection to every last bite! We had trout which was served with crispy skin and was so delicious, a duck plate (I don't like duck personally but the boyfriend said it was great) and squid ink pasta as an appetizer. For dessert we had home made mini It's-It's which was so fun!
It has been a few months since my last dinner at Stones' Throw. Dinner last night was amazing! It was 3 of us, we are family style and shared every dish. Everything we ordered were awesome! Loved the potato with runny egg - it was brilliant. The pork belly dish was memorable. The mains we ordered the steak, cooked perfectly to a medium rare. The salmon on a bed of corn risotto was nicely done. My favorite was the duck. Skin was crispy and was cooked medium, which was very tender and moist.I say at the back of the restaurant overlooking the huge glass cellar room. I like those tables at the back of the restaurant better than at the front. Service was attentive. I dropped my folk and the server came right away to give me new utensils. From dropping my folk to getting new utensils was about 2 seconds.
Brought my friends, forgot our tweezers. Waiter #1 seemed annoyed at our pace (ie: actually taking our time to decide what we were going to eat instead of human-vacuuming the entire ($$$) menu), so Waiter #2 took his place without so much as an intro. No big deal. Overall, very nouveau SF; meal was not memorable.
5 stars for the food (we came here for brunch), 3 stars for the service (our waiter was extremely unfriendly) Things I tried:- Puffed Potato and Egg: SO SOOOOO SOOOOO GOOD!!! If you're from LA and know Porto's, think potato ball, with an egg yolk on the inside. It was heavenly. The potato and crust was super flavorful and the cauliflower mousse that came with it was just amazing. I could have eaten all four =P - Da burga: Who eats burgers for brunch?? WELL I DID AND IT WAS DELICIOUS! This thing was HUGE! AND it came with the best tater tots I've ever had. Like the description said, it literally had everything. It tasted like it had cheese and chives and other magic ingredients. And the burger, that's a whole other story. The bun was crispy on the top but soft, the meat was covered in cheese, and it had this amazing cole slaw that was just AMAZING. - Asparagus & Duck Confit Hash: two of my friends got this as recommendation from our waiter and they both really enjoyed it. The egg was perfectly cooked and I tried the duck and it was so tender! Definitely worth a try seeing as it's still new and not super crowded yet. I'd still make a reservation just in case. It's definitely worth a try!
Our new found brunch (and dinner) spot! It's been awhile since a restaurant has captivated me with 5 stars, but Stones Throw is a solid 5 and more!  From the decors to the staff down to their amazing food, they are the perfect restaurant of what every new establishment should be.We arrived about 10 minutes before they open their doors on a Sunday morning. We left the house a little bit early in fear that parking was going to be hard. It can be, especially on Hyde St., but thankfully Stones Throw has teamed up with Uber. Instead of having to worry about parking, Uber it and show your receipt to your server, 5% will be taken off your bill. Not only is that one great way to accommodate your customers, the hostess literally walked outside and welcomed us into the restaurant even before they were opened for service. The staff all felt that it was too chilly to be outside so although they were still setting up some things, they wanted us to be indoors. Totally a nice gesture on their part that will be ingrained in my head - we got to stay warm and preview the bar while looking through the menu. If you are into beers, you will definitely appreciate their extensive selection. Not only was the front of the house super warm and welcoming, our server Danielle was amazing too! Super cheerful and friendly, she's the exact person to help bring a smile to anyone's face. She was very attentive all throughout our brunch, constantly filling our waters and checking if she could get us anything.Simplicity is the key to this successful eatery. Their brunch menu is not too extensive, but they keep things simple by focusing on a few small bites, some savories, and a few sweets. Thanks to the recommendations of Cherylynn N., we started with the Puffed Potato & Egg and boy, they were insanely delicious (thanks Cherylynn!). I'm usually not a fan of egg yolks either, but the techniques in preparing this dish made us yearning for more! The chefs not only managed to get the yolk oozy delicious, but the outer layer on the potato had the right amount of crispiness. We also ordered "da burga" with tater tots and the asparagus w/ duck confit hash which were both just a tasty. The duck confit by itself was a bit on the saltier side, but once you mix the bite with a piece of the biscuit + the runny eggs, it was solid flavor combination in my mouth. Da burga was cooked to perfection, we asked for it to be medium and that was def. what we received, one juicy well seasoned burger. The tater tots accompanied with it is just as amazing! Bacon, sour cream, and chives blended into each tater tot as if I was biting into a loaded potato.To balance out the savories, we opted for the spiced pumpkin doughnuts with pumpkin butter as our dessert. The doughnuts were light and fluffy and resembled a lot like beignets. I'm nowhere close to being a pumpkin fan like my husband, but even I liked it. It's not often that he finishes his dessert either but when he does, you know it's a great dessert. The pumpkin butter was a nice touch, he only wished there was more of it and maybe have it filled inside each doughnut.  Look no further, stop by Stones Throw for either Sunday Brunch or a nice dinner, you will not be disappointed!
WOW!If you haven't been to this place and you live around the neighborhood, what the heck are you waiting for????WOW!This place is phenomenal.I can see this place winning a James Beard award soon or atleast Michelin rated.WAY BETTER than State Bird Provision BY FAR.Everything we tasted was so freakin' delicious!From the starters - pig's ears, squid ink pasta and root vegetable salad- Pig ears with pork belly and squid ink pasta- both a MUST HAVE. Presentation of pigs ears is so beautiful. Flavors blended so well with the slice of the grapefruit to balance the "fattiness" from the pork belly.Toad in a hole lasagna- tasted so yummy, better than what I expected and the presentation is gorgeous.DA BURGA- is the best BURGA in SF right now. Melts in your mouth. Good choice of bread and some pickled veggies added which counterbalances in a good way the fattiness of this BURGA!Duck - perfectly cooked and very well presented.Dessert- ordered "not your mom's apple pie" - different, really what you don't expect as a typical Apple pie but not bad.3 glasses of pinot noir later- still flabbergasted HOW AMAZING THIS RESTAURANT is.Service was excellent! Timing of food was great.This is one of my NEW , FAV SPOTS in the city.Come on down before it gets too popular and you have to wait 2 months to get in!
As a first time guest I loved the dining experience at Stones Throw. The food was flavorful and innovative, and the service was impeccable. I would definitely recommend this as a place to bring an out of town guest or foodie. Try everything, splurge a little - it'll be worth it. The portions aren't overwhelming so you are able to have a little bit of everything. Highlights of the meal included:- Puffed potato is a MUST try!- Squid ink pasta exceeded the already high expectation I had - wow was that flavor on point - Creative and delicious dessert options In a town of so many top notch restaurants, this is definitely one worth prioritizing.
Our party ordered pretty much everything on the menu and we shared. Nothing disappointed. Quality service, amazing food.
Came for a very satisfactory late dinner.Note: MAKE RESERVATIONS. We made reservations at 9 on a Friday, and it was still packed.Notable and memorable items:1. Puffed potatoes with egg - so delicious. Fried potato puff with a runny yolk inside. To die for. Plus the crispy chicken skin surrounding it added a whole 'nother depth of flavor. I could get a bunch of these and would come out happy!2. Squid ink appetizer - flavorful!3. Duck mousse pate with - a little smaller, but still a tasty dish4. Pork belly and crispy ear - the pork belly was pretty good, but the sauce and the crispy ears were my favorite parts. MM!!To skip:1. Lasagna entree - this one was okay only. nothing too specialAnyways - make sure to check this place out! Great for drinks and appetizers as well for the lighter appetite!
Had a really great dinner here and would recommend trying it!Puffed Potato & Eggs with Cauliflower Mousse, Chives, Crispy Chicken Skin ($8)I thought the puff was a lot smaller than what it looked like in pictures, but it was still really good and a great dish to start with. Squid Ink Conchiglie Pasta ($15): My favorite dish of the night. Best squid ink pasta I've ever had! Not too heavy with sauce, but extremely flavorful. Only downside is that the portion was pretty small and I wanted more after I finished. Warm Pork Belly & Crispy Pig's Ears with Grilled peaches and apricot vinaigrette($14): The Pork Belly was very tender and I loved the crunchy pig ears. I really enjoyed the fruit element as well, which made the dish less heavy and overwhelming. "Da Burga" ($16):Highly recommended if you like burgers. It was cooked perfectly medium rare and I loved the "Everything" Baked Potato tots that came with it!Chocolate Bananas Foster ($8): The presentation of this dish was unique as they pour a boiling caramel sauce on top; however, I thought it was a little too sweet and rich for me. OVERALL:The food was really good and memorable so I would definitely come back again, especially for the squid ink pasta. Parking is a real pain though and we were circling around the neighborhood for around 20 minutes, so be prepared if you plan on driving and you have a reservation!
We started off with the duck pate, puffed potato and eggs, and warm mushroom ragout followed by the squid ink pasta and warm pork belly - every dish was bursting with flavour and definitely woke my taste buds. Definitely coming back here to try da burga my next visit to SF!
Have been for brunch several times; Everything on the menu is wonderful. The starters, drinks, plates as well as service. Great vibe and the attention to detail really pays off.
This is a solid restaurant whose chef Jason Halverson was the cuisine de chef from Michael Mina. SQUID INK CONCHIGLIE PASTA (Spicy Capers, Clams, Calamari, Tender Greens): My favorite dish of the night. perfect al dente texture to the pasta. Great mix of seafood for the perfect balance of flavors without watery sauce. Delicious!ROASTED ROOT VEGETABLE SALAD (Pear, Kabocha Squash, Cauliflower,Banyuls Vinegar) -- pretty solid salad but not exceptionalGRILLED OCTOPUS (Chorizo, White Beans, Braised Radicchio): the octopus was a bit too soft for my tasteSEARED MAINE DAY BOAT SCALLOPS (Fresh Chickpea 'Salad', Spiced Orange Oil, Marinated Calamari): I didn't love the taste of the scallops, a bit too salty. It could be that I was comparing this from scallops from Hokkaido a couple of days ago, which had an amazing sweetness to it.The staff is super friendly and helpful. The wooden seats are a bit uncomfortable for a long dinner. Lighting could be better.
Simply amazing! We searched high and low for a great restaurant in the city without crazy prices or snooty atmosphere but we really wanted amazing food. This spot is it. It is in a great little neighborhood of the city to wander through. The restaurant decor is modern yet comfortable and warm. The bartender was knowledgeable about the wine list and great cocktail list. While we waited for our table we tried the puffed potato small plate and it was killer. We also tried the duck pate and it was really great with a an awesome mustard on the top. For dinner we split the duck and the agnolotti. The duck was cooked perfectly and not on the bone so very easy to eat. The agnolotti was tasty but too sweet for my preference. The staff was friendly, helpful and the service was just right. I highly recommend this place for food, service, atmosphere, wine/bar... the whole deal.
How can such a low score come from a place that has such high reviews? Positive - Host/Hostess staff very attentive and apologetic for the wait. Salmon and Tomato soup were very good. Everything else was sub par at best and some dishes were highly salted.Cons - tables are very close together, no full bar and the variations of non liquor based drinks did not go over too well. Portions are generally small but the Salmon was actually generous. Entrees were much better than the starters or desserts.I know this review is not detailed but the overall experience was just so much lower than the expectation that the rating resulted in two stars.
The staff left me a note since it was my birthday, which was really sweet. Food was pretty good, nothing mindblowing but everything was fairly solid. Favorite was the squid ink pasta. Wish it had been 10x bigger!
Wow. This place is pretty awesome. Only came for drinks and apps on my birthday. Had the puffed potato and eggs and the grilled octopus and okonomiyaki pancake. The potato dish was lightly fried with an egg yolk inside and an incredibly tasty, creamy, (almost cheesy) cauliflower mousse. Next up was the grilled octopus with a Japanese style potato/starchy pancake. Delicious...and I don't usually like octopus, but this was tender and juicy...almost like a BBQ rib! Finished with the squid ink pasta in a foam caper sauce...melts in the mouth. I'll definitely be back!
Came here for my boyfriend's birthday dinner. I briefly mentioned that in the reservation notes and they had a cute hand-written "Happy Birthday Tim" card put at our table and added a birthday candle to our dessert. Thank you! That was very sweet!The restaurant is very classy, clean, modern, and very nice without feeling pretentious. The staff is incredibly friendly and helpful. And the food is presented beautifully and everything tasted amazing. We started the meal with their very popular "snack", Puff potato & eggs. They're these airy potato puffs filled with runny egg yolk on a bed of cauliflower cous cous. Definitely a must get dish here. Next, we shared the Brentwood corn risotto and it was soooo goood. I LOVE corn, so this was a great dish for me. The sweet corn was the star of the dish and it also had truffle and mushrooms - both went really well with the corn risotto. The starter dish was quite small, but it was enough for a light starter for two people.On to the main dish, I had the crispy skinned wild striped bass with shrimp dumplings, and my boyfriend ordered the prime beef ribeye. Both dishes were presented beautifully and were very flavorful. The fish had a crispy skin and was served on a really fragrant broth - it also came with two shrimp dumplings that reminded me of chinese dimsum, har gows. Every element of the dish was seasoned well and by the end of the main dish, I was stuffed! The beef ribeye dish was also very good - the beef was tender and also seasoned well.Dessert! For dessert, we decided to order two to share. I read lots of great reviews on the Peanut butter & jelly donuts dessert, so we definitely wanted to try that. In addition, we also ordered the Campfire s'mores dessert. The dessert menu is comprised of elevated versions of popular childhood snacks/sweets (such an adorable idea). The peanut butter & jelly donuts was our absolute favorite! The donuts are fluffy and lightly sweetened and the peanut butter, jelly, and chocolate was delicious for dipping. The Stones Throw staff also had a candle and a birthday message on this dessert for my boyfriend - it was a surprise for him and myself (Thanks again for making dinner so special)! The campfire s'mores had a interesting smokey taste, it actually tasted like it was roasted over a campfire! This dessert had roasted marshmallows, ice cream, and graham cracker on a bed of chocolate cake. Highly suggest this dish to all chocolate lovers and sweet tooth's out there! Overall, we had a very nice meal here.The prices are also decent, it's a great place to experience a high-end meal without paying a fortune. The restaurant ambience, the staff, and the food were all excellent. Looking forward to trying the other items on the menu and brunch too!
Nice Crowded place with great audience.Staff was very very attentive, felt like all had a little to much speed or ADHD.Coming from Europe its bigg difference of serving guest and sometimes I starting to laugh about the staff and the super happy conversations....Our meal was finished in 1 hour incl starters main and drinks, a little to fast and stress.Prices are a little to high for what is is, food are good but not that creative and wonderful that Yelpers say.Dinner was about 150 and my opinion is that to much for this neighborhood place.
Stones Throw has yet to disappoint. Had an amazing brunch this morning, after having had dinner here twice. We split the puffed potato and egg, smoked salmon mousse, messy breakfast sandwich, and the brioche pain perdu. The only thing that did not completely wow me was the smoked salmon mousse. It was good, but everything else was off the chain! Splitting the sandwich and brioche is perfect balance of sweet and savory.
Located in Russian Hill, Stones Throw is a trendy spot to grub with a groovy menu including their not-so-healthy but flavorful duck pate. Considering the quality of eateries you can find in Russian Hill Stones Throw is definitely a must-try if you're in the area!I did want to point out the heavy dust that has settled over the lamps that are above some of the dinning room tables. You can't but figure those dust particles are continuously raining down on the tables, food and whatnot. Now I'm giving the venue a four star qualification but it would be nice if management addressed this issue and perhaps ran some air purifiers to clean up the air. I've been here several times and the service is great and well the food is fantastic too. I like the eclectic variety of dishes as well as their seasonal plates and drinks. I will definitely come back and recommend this place to everyone I know but I beg the managers to clean this place!
I've dined at Stone's Throw just once while visiting the San Francisco area, and I am looking forward to a return visit. The food, service, and ambiance were all fabulous!The Duck Pate and Mousse was delicious. Pate is traditionally a rather pretentious appetizer, and I loved how the warm soft pretzel rolls added a bit of casualness to the dish (which certainly adds a layer of appeal to the less-adventurous palate.)I also tried the Squid Ink Conchiglie Pasta. This was my first time trying squid ink pasta, and I always imagined it would taste bitter. On the contrary, the flavor of the squid ink itself was very delicate, barely noticeable. The pasta was cooked al dente, and the rich sauce was a wonderful compliment. The salmon was phenomenal. Doneness, thickness, temperature, accompaniments, and sauce were all spot on. I'm going to say the BEST salmon I've ever eaten.*The Fava Ravioli is bursting with bright green flavors. Unique to other raviolis I've tried, I really appreciated the lightness of this dish.Be sure to ask for a side of Everything Baked Potato Tots. I originally had little interest in trying these, but after the first bite, I knew I wanted to cram the rest into my pocket and hoard them for myself like Napoleon Dynamite.The portion size is set to "satisfy" as opposed to "burst-at-the-seams," so keep that in mind in planning your meal.Enjoy!*Unless you're reading this and you're my dad. If that's the case, your salmon is way better dad!
Love love loved their Puffed patato & eggs. Melted in my mouth good :-)
Tried this place last night and was VERY impressed.Highlights1) Food was incredible2) Ample space between tables. There's nothing worse than tables squeezed together, and feeling like your eating dinner with strangers at the table next to you. We had a group of 4 and our order was as follows.Starters we shared- Squid ink pasta(10/10), - A MUST TRY, maybe even 2!- Burrata salad(9/10) - very good - "Da burga"(9/10) - very good, and large! Melts in your mouth.Entries we tried- Salmon (10/10) - one of the best salmon dishes we've ever had(group consensus).- Raviolis (9/10) - on the lighter side, but very good.- Ribeye (8/10) - solid ribeyeDesserts- S'mores (6.5/10) - not bad, but not comparable to the previous plates.- Peanut butter and jelly donuts (7/10) - donuts are the best part, but again, not on par with previous dishes.Overall experience was really good. The staff was amazing other than the blonde haired bus boy who sort of had an attitude throughout the night(maybe having a bad day, or just an unpleasant person), but the server and hostess were great and made up for it. Only bad thing I can say is the desserts weren't mind blowing, and the burger was a little undercooked(which I've read in multiple reviews), but it won't stop me from coming back, soon!!
This is my new favorite dinner spot. Yes, the parking is horrendous, but they encourage and even give a discount if you uber it to dinner which is awesome. I waited until the second time I had dinner here to write a review just to make sure that it really was as good as the first, and it was! Squid ink pasta....I see you in my dreams. And while I'm not one for pate usually, theirs is da bomb! For a self proclaimed foodie, in a foodie city, this place is truely legit! :)
Everything was really good!!!PUFFED POTATO & EGGSCauliflower Mousse, Chives, Crispy Chicken Skin-this is a must to start withDUCK PT & MOUSSEFrench's Mustard, Cornichons, Warm Soft Pretzel-love the pretzel. the duck pate goes so well with it. SQUID INK CONCHIGLIE PASTA Spicy Capers, Clams, Calamari, Shrimp, Tender Greens-you can taste all the different flavors of the seafoodSWEET CORN SOUP Chorizo, Corn Croquettes, Piquillo Peppers, Scallions-good size. very filling and the corn had a good balance of sweet and savoryPAN-SEARED SALMON Brentwood Corn, Chanterelle Mushrooms, Sauce Diable-thumbs upI want to come back! If you Uber there you get $5 off the bill. Parking is a pain, but I parked on Van Ness and walked up the hill. Wasn't too bad. You just have to do a little walking. Good exercise, especially after all that food.
Amazing food, amazing service. Plus, they're open past 10 pm on a Saturday! Which in SF is a freaking miracle.
I was here for dinner with a client. Not too loud, but also not too quite where everyone could hear our conversation. Good service. Ended up coming back a week later because I was craving the squid ink pastaStarted with:Duck Liver Pate - A must orderPotato and Egg App - A must orderSquid ink pasta - THE BEST!!! Must order above all elseEntree:Sea Bass - It was highly breadedPork - Too much port belly for my tasteDessert:Peanut butter and jelly donuts - Very good.Would highly recommend a visit to Stones Throw. Especially for drinks and apps.
i am 110% thoroughly pleased with my experience at Stones Throw and have been raving the shit out of the this place since i went! for starters i did a super asshole move and came in with Peet's tea. my tea was still blazing hot and i'm at the beginning stages of sickness so i didn't want to toss it yet. most restaurants understandably frown on outside food or drinks but twice someone asked if i wanted my tea refilled with hot water. and it didn't seem like they were saying it in a snide condescending way either, they seemed to genuinely just want me to have hot tea. the service otherwise was excellent. each person that i encountered from the host to anybody who approached my table seemed to be sincere, enthusiastic and knowledgeable about the food. my server checked up on me quite a bit to make sure i was enjoying myself and offered her opinions as well. i had a clear view of the kitchen and could see that everybody was working hard and remained quite silent for the most part. this tells me that the team indeed works as an actual in sync TEAM with the understanding of each persons role and time constraints. i could tell they were operating like a well oiled machine. i treated myself (birthday dinner!) to an indulging meal of four small courses which ended up being five because the kitchen sent out their soup just to be nice. maybe it's because i was by myself or maybe it's because i had my DSLR with me, clearly taking photos of their food (could they have mistaken me for an actual somebody? don't think so but one can dream. haha), but i (of course) welcomed the extra dish. puffed potato and eggs/cauliflower mousse/chives/crispy chicken skin- holy hell! the gnocchi-like potato was thin and light. you slice into the puff and out pours the lusciously divine egg yolk. eaten with bits of crisp chicken skin and creamy cauliflower mousse, this was what dreams are made of.sunchoke soup-confit egg/green apple/black walnuts- a single egg yolk is presented accompanied by finely diced apple and walnuts. poured tableside is the earthy smooth sunchoke soup. a verrrrry nice soup. at this point i'd eaten the equivalent of five yolks which is a whole hell of a lot...whew.squid ink conchieglie pasta-spicy capers/clams/calamari/tender greens. oh my god i could eat this for days. the pasta was perfectly cooked and had a nice texture to it without lacking bite. the sauce was super buttery and full of flavor and the seafood was just right. so so SO SO SO very good. pork belly and crispy pig's ears-avocado/citrus/Moresque spice/kale. soft, tender, rich pork belly with creamy avocado and citrus to cut through the fattiness of the dish. the pig's ears gave it some textural balance. one of the better pork belly dishes i've ever had. not your grandma's apple pie- which was really a maple panna cotta with apple granita and a paper thin rolled cookie topped with a maple sauce and finely sliced and decorative apples. this dish was super light and very balanced. it wasn't too sweet and had all the right flavors of your favorite apple pie. i die! suuuuuch a good meal! i was so very impressed by every aspect of this restaurant that i gave my server a 50% tip for all of it's awesomeness.
Server: JesseReservation: open tableReason: BirthdayHad drinks at the bar, Thursday night restaurant was buzzing.Sat for dinner at 815pmOur server was super nice, helpful, awesome! When i made the reservation i noted it was my friends Bday, and they had a hand written card on the table. Also did a message and candle w/ dessert. That alone was amazing and would make me give 5 stars.the food was great and ambiance very SF.I cant wait to go back and try more food!
We arrived around 8:40 and waited til about 9:30 to be seated at the bar. A pint of Hipster helped us pass the time and when we ate the food was great. Squid ink pasta to start and salmon main course for me, pork belly starter and duck main for my husband. Both were delicious, full of flavour and portions were just right. We shared the PB&J donuts to finish and practically licked the plate. Friendly staff who were up for a bit of conversation made this a really enjoyable dinner.
Are you kidding me? How the heck is this place a 4+ star average? Gimme a break. I couldn't figure this place out.First of all, it's as bare-boned as it's predecessor, Luella. So don't expect any innovation there. Ambiance wouldn't be such an issue to me if the food shined.But sadly, it's doesn't.The menu looks very nice (keyword = looks!) - elevated New American, maybe? But "inspired fare" this is not. We started with the tater tots (good) and roasted root vegetable salad (very good). Things started going downhill when they served the that tired Raviolo. It's two large raviolis served over vegetables. Maybe it just wasn't my night. The inside of the raviolo looks and tastes like refried beans. I asked the waitress what it was and she told me "chesnut blended with truffle oil." Oh kaaayyyy, so where is the truffle? I couldn't taste a damn thing. But the worst part was that the ravioli was not cooked properly. It was hard! Not even al dente! Had to send it back :( (And this girl was HOOONGRY! So that ain't good)Now onto the interesting desserts. What a disaster. I'm sorry - inspired by childhood favorites - and tastes like them too? EWW! I'm sorry, but I don't want an oatmeal cake that tastes like Little Debbie cakes from back in the day. And I don't want a freaking apple pie that is actually a creative panna cotta that is supposed to taste like what? Apple pie? Then just give me a really good apple pie!Oh and here's the kicker...Dessert menu comes with a paper and pencil for you to write in a favorite dessert you'd like to see on the menu. My response: "How about something fresh?" My waitress came right back to me with an attitude to explain that everything is fresh - just inspired by childhood faves. Oh kaaayyyy. Coulda fooled me!Two stars is generous.
Had brunch here today. Ordered their two egg dishes.The "breakfast egg sandwich" should instead be called a "cheeseburger with an egg on top." Greasy, heavy, and unfortunately kind of nauseating. Seems mostly like pub-food dressed up a bit.
**Utilize OpenTable before attempting to dine here! We had reservations at 8pm for a table of 2 and we still needed to wait about 10-15 minutes on a Tuesday night. There were many more patrons awaiting a table who arrived before us, so definitely take advantage of making rezzies ahead of time.What we ate:Potato Puffs 4.5/5 - soo delicious! One of the best Scottish eggs I've had! The poached egg broke beautifully and didn't overpower the taste of the potato crust. The cauliflower puree was nicely done and really brought the dish together. My only gripe is that I couldn't find the chicken skin!Da Burga 4/5 - I've had my fair share of gourmet burgers and this is pretty top notch. Ordered the meat medium-rare and that's what I received (so hard to find a restaurant that doesn't overcook the meat!). The tater tots are genius! It's infused with what tastes like sour cream, cheese, and other herbs. Not to mention, deep fried to utter perfection.Potato Pancake with Squid 4.5/5 - I've never had something so delicious. All of the side dishes were designed to enhance the flavors of this starter, which again, was genius. I'm sad that i was too full to try to the banana foster, but we shall meet again Stones Throw.
When I see a restaurant that has so many great reviews and a few that are trashing the place I often take into account that the few are just errant malcontents. Not so this time, although I have to admit we were a party of 6 and most of the others liked the place. When I sat down I was looking at the yelp reviews on my phone and the waiter said; "I'll be a lot more help to you that those reviews." NOT UNLESS HE COULD MAKE THE PORTIONS BIGGER! I've eaten in those she-she French places, Stones throw makes them look like Good and Plenty in Pennsylvania where the Amish feed you till you burst. If you're going to be pretentious and serve entrees that are the size of Nouveau Cuisine at least the taste should be there, this wasn't.So disappointed I don;t even want to continue reviewing.
Wow, a 5-star experience!!! My bf made reservations for a Sat night @ 7pm 4 people the day before. It was that easy to get a reservation, probably because this restaurant is only a few months old. Upon arriving, they were pretty swamped. We got there on time, but weren't seated until maybe 7:15pm. However, once entering, we recognized Thommas, our favorite waiter (once captain) from Michael Mina. It turns out many of the people from the Michael Mina group (Ryan, owner of Stones Throw, the ex Chef de Cuisine of Michael Mina, and our host Thommas) had jumped ships to this new American restaurant in Russian Hill. Thommas immediately gave us champagne while we were waiting for our table.Highlights:1) Duck Pate & Mousse with Pretzel - closest thing to foie gras you can get in this state! So good...pretzel was to die for too...it was super fresh and soft. Not your typical Auntie Anne's! 2) Squid Ink Conchiglie Pasta with clams. PERFECT FOR ALL YOU SQUID INK PASTA LOVERS! The pasta was cooked perfectly, al dente, with yummy seafood touch from the clams. Can't come here without ordering. My only complaint is that I wish it were an entree, rather than a pasta. Too small for someone's meal unless you really eat like a bird.3) Fish...which I believe was Halibut. They Sous-vide'd it, so it was cooked perfectly, very soft and pretty much a poached fish. They took this one off the menu though unfortunately, I couldn't find it! =(4) Lamb was ordered twice at our table. It was very good - I typically don't like lamb, but this was cooked in a way where it did not taste like lamb (the best). If you are a lamb lover, order this dish!Ambiance was young, loud, dark, fun, similar to Pesce. Food was phenomenal. However, parking was awful. My bf and I ended up hiking up the hill from Van Ness in the rain, not the best way to end your Saturday night! Do yourself a favor and allow 45 mins to find parking. If you get there early, treat yourself to a cocktail!Can't wait to return for a family member's birthday!
We came as walk-ins during a Friday night and ended up getting seated right away at the bar. The space is really cute and the dishes were awesome. The bartender had awesome recommendations for wine and beer. The carried one of the best pinots I've had in awhile. My boyfriend got a sour beer and there beer menu was pretty expansive.
We started the dinner out a little bit too tipsy and proceeded to order 3 bottles of wine. Needless to say everything tasted amazing and we should go back again to reevaluate once sober...
Great food, drinks, and atmosphere. Quite possibly my favorite spot in the city.
This place is just the BEST, Had a welcoming host and service staff. I mean they were all totally helpful and friendly. Food comes out so fast you are never waiting too long... its really amazing. Food is great and presented in a very interesting way. I mean this place is just paramount. Definitely a place to go. MAKE RESERVATIONS..... its busy....
We visited Stones Throw while staying in Russian Hill on our vacation from NYC. Thankfully, we were still full from out Mission Burrito so we put our name in for a table and walked to get a glass of wine down the street, before being seated at Stones Throw around 9:30pm. The hostess (Lisette) and server (Ian) were very hospitable and chatted with us about our stay in San Francisco. The food. We opted for a few small plates, one main, and a dessert:Duck pate: Great balance of fat and acid with the mustardPotato Puffs: The yolk, cauliflower puree, and chicken skin was a perfect biteTomato Braised Beans with charred bread: You had me at burrata Summer Corn Ravioli: Great corn flavor. The ricotta gnudi was a nice touchCheese cake: Super light and refreshingEverything was thoughtfully flavored and presented. It is no wonder this place is so packed but the service and food more than made up for it.
******************************* 963 *******************************     Stones Throw, a modern Californian & American restaurant and bar in Russian Hill neighborhood, in the former Luella space. It's less than 50 seats spot with about 10 seats at the nice wooden bar, warm, and inviting. Stones Throw team is a mix of industry veterans from Michael Mina (chef Jason Halverson, GM Ryan Cole, andTai Ricci) and beverage from Fat Angel team, all coming together to open this beautiful spot, serving stylist food of fine dining restaurants but with a casual and comfort scene.     We come in because of chef Jason Halverson, knowing him since his day as Chef de Cuisine at Michael Mina SF and Bourbon Steakhouse SF, so glad to see where he's at now, very well-deserved.    The wine list is about 50 by the bottle and about 10 be the glass, very reasonable price point, we ordered a bottle of Sancerre for $65, quite nice. The cocktails list is pretty good but we didn't get to try this time, we have to come back soon for it.ONLY $8 each, UNBELIEVABLE PRICE, food can't be this good and this low price!- SALT-ROASTED BEETS Curried Yogurt, Meyer Lemon, Lavash Crackers, gorgeous plating, just simply a nice dish! Vegetarian option available!- PUFFED POTATO & EGGS Cauliflower Mousse, Chives, Crispy, Chicken Skin - this was so nice on a cold evening. THANK YOU chef Jason Halverson for the CAVIAR version of this dish! Vegetarian option available! TRY IT!- DUNGENESS CRAB SALAD Artichoke Chips, Garlic Cream, Anchovy - we love the texture of this dish.- ROASTED ROOT VEGETABLE SALAD $13, Pear, Kabocha Squash, Cauliflower,Banyuls Vinegar - I love eating salad, but in the Fall and Winter, I prefer warm salad better, and this dish is exactly what I want. It was delicious. - SUNCHOKE SOUP $12 - Confit Egg, Green Apple, Black Walnuts - served at table side, it was just perfect.- GRILLED OCTOPUS $15 - Chorizo, Meyer Lemon, White Beans - this was tasty, delicious dish, and generous portion. MUST ORDER- PAN ROASTED WILD KING SALMON $26 - Smoked Farro, Heirloom Carrots, Baby Leeks, Carrot Top Pesto - 2 generous pieces for salmon, perfectly cooked, almost raw in the middle, just how a piece of fish supposed to be! - GRANDMA'S APPLE PIE....BUT NOT QUITE - see my photo, deconstructed apple pie, unbelievable, I don't eat dessert, but I love it!     We sat at the bar and we came in at 5 PM, food serve at 5:30 PM, by 7 PM, Stones Throw was packed with guests. Service was great, spot on, even at the bar. It was such a nice meal, reasonable price, quality food, good service, Stones Throw will be pack as Francis and Nopa in no time. Hot spot and it's worth a detour. Use UBER and show the receipt, Stones Throw will give you 5% OFF, the first resto that partnership with UBER, how cool is that?    I can't wait to come back to try the rest of the menu real soon. Congrats chef and Stones Throw for a job well done. Love it!
Made reservations for dinner here before a show. Gave ourselves 1.5 hours but told our waitress that we need to be out the door by 7:45. She made it happen. We were never rushed, even had time for sharing desserts and the evening was very enjoyable. Our dinner was a great experience and am looking forward to coming back!Here's what we had:Appetizers-roasted beets, burrata with 3 small crispy flatbread: delish-grilled octopus: was very delicious. Had a bite and wished I order this and not the salad.-duck pate with pretzel bread: didn't try it but everyone else loved it-roasted root veggie salad: it was only okay. some roots were not roasted enough and too al dente for me. not that you would have noticed. my plate was clean.Mains-duck: heard it was very good-lamb: heard it was very good-arctic char: was great. Served with crispy skin and farro, leeks, baby carrots.-chestnut ravioli: Star of the show. It was fabulous!Desserts-lemon meringue - must order!-PB Jelly donuts - must order! and eat while it's super hot!-oatmeal cream pie - skip itThey have great wine and beer lists.Service was impeccable and loved the ambiance. Our server has dark curly hair. She was very professional and helpful with drink recommendations.Thanks Stone's Throw!
Went here for a holiday party the other night and had a great experience!Got a chance to try a little bit of everything! My favorite was definitely the squid ink pasta! Perfect texture and taste of the pasta alone, but add the sauce and the seafood on top, so good.My favorite desert were the beignets which were fluffy and chewy at the same time, also the perfect bite size. Another desert to try is their version of the s'more which was smoky, sweet and just a bunch of different textures exploding in your mouth. The only downside was there's no hard alcohol here, but no worries they have a huge beer and wine selection!! When a restaurant of this size has more then 5 sour beers on its menu, wow. Kudos to whom ever is in charge of that!Also, parking is a bit hard, better off not driving there!
Believe the hype, this restaurant is pretty damn good! Go with a group so you can share family style.Puffed Potato & Egg - wow...just wow. A deep fried mini potato ball with a creamy egg yolk! So good we asked for seconds.Squid Ink Conchiglie Pasta - flavorful! Must get this when you're here.Da Burga w baked potato tots - definitely worth getting. You can't go wrong with the tots..think deep fried baked potato skins w bacon! Yum!Chocolate Banana Foster - if you like banana foster, you need to get this!
Don't miss this place!Beer list is quite extensive, and the staff is super knowledgeable and happy to discuss / recommend.The squid ink pasta and the 'everything' baked tater tots are mandatory.
We had an incredible meal here! Each dish was perfectly planned and executed. We finished with funfetti cake and PB&J donuts and it was perfect! We will be back.
Wonderful and inventive brunch! Can't wait to try dinner. I was sad to see Luella go but this is a much better replacement.
We came here to celebrate my birthday, and it was a nice touch to leave a hand-written birthday card at the table. Loved their asparagus salad and puffed potato and eggs. My truffle stuffed chicken had the perfect amount of truffle so that it provided good flavor but wasn't overpowering. The dish overall was just okay though. Great childhood-inspired desserts. We would definitely come again.
I was honored and lucky enough to be there for their soft opening. I was with a friend so we shared some dishes. First off we got the avocado chip, which was fried artichoke with some kind of fresh crab mixture. Very very good, not overpowering at all. We also got the duck pate/mousse with pretzel bed. Definitely the best dish of the nice. The mustard seed was a nice touch and brought a bit of brightness to my palette.We then go the pork belly salad, which included oranges, two kinds of leaf lettuce, fried pork rind and something else, but all in all, it was delicious. Our entrees was their burger, which was juicy and delicious. Also their mushroom ravioli was quite pleasant, with some sort of soft cheese spread i think, and finished off with truffle butter.For dessert we had an oatmeal cookie with grape/raisin spread. Very good, not dry at all. And also we had quince 3 ways - picked, layed with a strong and delicious cheese and a sauce, like apple sauce but not as sweet. There was also a wide selection of wine and beer, but alas i don't drink so I can't comment.
Really great.We had the avocado and burrata salad as a starter, the burger and the duck for mains, and the pb&j donuts for desert. We also tried some of their wheat beers.All the food was really great. The highlight for me was the burger - one of the best I've had. The lowlight was the pb&j donuts - they were kinda disappointing in that they were essentially beignets that you dipped into the pb&j. Not really what I was hoping for.The staff was extremely friendly and chatty in a good way. Unpretentious and helpful.Overall, an enjoyable visit. Will be back for sure.
Really delicious squid ink pasta! I just wish they served this as an entree, instead of an appetizer. I may just have to order two next time.
Excellent quality, creative combinations, extremely friendly competent service!! What more could you ask for in a restaurant!! Extensive selection of beer and wine with knowledgeable waitstaff.
Lovely, lively atmosphere, super staff all complement the FABULOUS food.We came here on Saturday night for my daughter's birthday party and what an awkward crowd we were. My daughter had phoned ahead to warn that our party of 8 included a gluten-free eater, a vegetarian, a diabetic and someone with a severe poultry allergy and even though we were having the fixed menu, family style, they would need to be accommodated. Well the food was fantastic, plate after plate of deliciousness kept coming to the table, and every time one of our special needs would have been compromised, they got their own special serving. I really wish I'd taken notes, so I could describe the food in detail, but highlights for me included the puff potatoes, the corn risotto, the salmon & the pork belly tonkatsu - sublime! I am absolutely not a pudding person, but when the s'mores and donuts came they could not be resisted.Wine list was good - interesting & well-priced. We went to K&L the next day to buy some of the wine we had here.Service was excellent, staff were very friendly on arrival and pleasant all through the evening.Groups can be difficult to accommodate in a cosy, intimate restaurant, and I repeat, our group was awkward, but Stones Throw made a stellar job of it. Calling ahead was a great idea, they were able to give us their best with the fair warning.Highly recommend this place and will be back!
I've been to Stones Throw a few times, and this has become my go-to-place when I am looking for a sure thing. The food is fantastic! Their vegetarian option 'Toad in the Hole' is absolutely delicious (please bring it back!). However, what is truly amazing is the friendly, unpretentious, and geniune service. Everyone from the host, to the servers, to the chefs - takes absolute pride in making you feel welcome!
Not sure why this place is getting such great reviews. The amto was fun, the people who work there are super nice and friendly and attentive. Drinks are also great but the food, not so much. The menu actually looks interesting but the execution just isn't there. Flavorless meals and some not cooked or seasoned well at all.If you're going there for drinks, it's great but if you actually want a good meal, this place is skippable.
The Espresso version - go here and get ready for one of the best nights you'll have.Stones Throw is a dining experience like going over to your best friend's house for a dinner party, and your best friend happens to be the master chef of last season. It's like they have a giant tub of a secret ingredient called "Love".
First things first. Parking was TERRIBLE!!!!!! We went up a street then down a street, back up again, turned around, took a left, then a right, went back up, came back down, took another left, then a right, stopped, waited, continued on, passed 2 or 3 fire hydrants, waited at a stop light, saw a car pull out a driveway, got excited, found out he pulled out of a garage, then got mad, then hungry, then starving until finally maybe 2 blocks away we found a stall!!!!!!We walked up a steep hill, crossed the road and two buildings down was.....wait for it......STONES THROW!!!!!We had a 0945PM reservation. Checked in and found out they didn't have our res. It was opening night and just so happened they somehow squeezed us in for a table!!!! PLUS PLUS PLUS for Stones Throw!!!!!On to the food. Holy COW!!!!! Like who is their chef (s)?? They must have had some kind of culinary experience from like dreaming or something. There were flavors I think I never tasted before. Every dish, be it an appetizer, entre, dessert (cause we ordered pretty much the entire menu) was as we say here from Hawaii "BROKE DA MOUTH!!!" (Something so tasty that you want to eat it all at once)At this point the parking situation we forgot about.The place is clean. New restaurant. Go figure. It's a really small place. You can hear peoples conversations. Couldn't help but eavesdrop. Price is price. Bring lots of money. Your gonna need it to have a great night out of town for a nice dinner. Bring your better half. Your friends too. It's that kind of place.Staff was wonderful. It's a new joint. They had to be. But waitress was on time everytime!!!!  To sum it all up. HmmmmmmDAMN the DUCK was unreal!!!!!!
Loved our late dinner here, it's spacious, no elbowing actions between tables. Octopus: very tender, almost too tender for our taste. But very nice with the chorizo and beans.Pork Belly with crispy pig's ear: best thing we had that night. Loved the avocado puree with anise, such a refreshing flavor combination.Duck Breast and leg confit: the leg confit has a surprise green onion stuffed in it, which lifted the supposingly greasy meat so nicely.In all, really nice place to get inspired from.Our waiter was super enthusiastic about the food, which was a big plus.
Came here for brunch and it was great! My only complaint and why they lost a star was that it took a while for the hostess to seat us with our reservation (but our table was ready) and a long time for someone to take our order which also ended up being the friendly hostess who sat us. We shared everything and got the strawberry jam donuts, egg omelette and Nutella crepe. The donuts were amazing! Melt in you mouth; I could've eaten several of them without the jam on the side as my meal! The omelette was just ok. It was interesting flavors to it but definitely would not order it again. The crepe was also delicious. If you like hazelnut and/or Nutella, it's a must!All their portions are very small (4 donuts, 4 square crepes and 5 inch omelette) so I suggest ordering a bunch and sharing. Overall a great experience; very attentive and friendly wait staff. Our water glasses were never empty and the table was cleared almost instantly after finishing. We came at 11:15a, by 12p, there was a crowd waiting at the door.
Yum.This is one of those places that you go gaga over every dish because every dish is just superior in taste. You know those places that you're like, "OMG" after you put the first bite in your mouth? Yeah, this is one of those places. Will not disappoint. Do not listen to nay-sayers.Excellent food, excellent service.
Great food and service. The squid ink conchigle pasta was one of my favorites.
There were some hit and misses to each dish.Grilled octopus was tender and had good flavor but the okaonomiyaki on it was terrible. Way too hard and tasted rather overcooked. It does not have the fluffiness of an okonomiyaki nor any of the familiar flavors. It really detracted from the octopus. Potato puffs were nice and fluffy...I loved the light crunchy texture, but it was bit too heavy for my preference.Chocolate and banana foster was way too sweet and overwhelming. I wish they didn't drench it with so much caramel as it really overpowered the dish.
I'm convinced there's a name generator online somewhere that allows you to enter the last name of your first grade teacher and the name of the street where you grew up. POW! Your new cool restaurant name. Stones Throw has one of those names that catches your attention with a fabulously unique name, but keeps your patronage with excellent service and really good food. My husband loved it so much he proclaimed it his new favorite restaurant in the city. We made reservations for an early dinner on Father's Day. We have two young boys and didn't want to risk someone breaking into an ear-piercing rendition of "Let It Go" in a packed to capacity restaurant. I'm talking to you, late night couples and people who do not eat at retirement home hours like we do. You're welcome. The lovely woman who served us was cheerful, friendly, and seemed to genuinely liked our kids. She was very accommodating, and even provided us with an off the menu children's selection of main dishes. We didn't think this was a family friendly restaurant, and it turned out to be exactly that. The boys chose the pasta, with a really delicious cheesy sauce...the kryptonite of all kids under the age of five. They were thrilled and we were thankful to not have to worry about having to order an adult entree for the boys. After all, not all kids like octopus, no matter how good it is.My husband and I had the potato puffs with egg, which were fabulous. The corn soup came with a demonstration of "how to make soup look really cool" by the server, who poured it into the bowl at the table. It was surprisingly complex, tasty, and rich. And although I did not partake, my husband was a huge fan of the crispy duck breast with accompanying taquitos. Everything had a familiarity to it, but was brand new in concept and execution to us. It was thoroughly enjoyable and we came away from the table happy, full, and excited to plan our next visit. BTW, my new restaurant name: Lawrence Falcon. Soft open in a week.
This was a Yelp discovery that didn't disappoint. We made a last minute res for 2 people at 7:45 on OpenTable and called the restaurant to see if we could fit a third person in. The man who answered the phone was incredibly nice and told us he wasn't sure since their tables for 2 are really meant for only 2, but he'd call us back if he could make it happen. Ten minutes later he called back saying he had a table for 3 at 8pm. When we arrived, we learned that he was one of the owners which made us feel great as he really accommodated us even though we were so last minute. A woman stopped by to answer any questions about the wine list and she was extremely knowledgeable and helpful, leading us to choose an absolutely delicious bottle of wine. We later found out she's also one of the owners - love when owners of restaurants are nice and caring people!We ordered the puffed potato & eggs (very unique, delicious flavor. I enjoyed the cauliflower/crispy chicken skin topping a bit more than the actual potato puff itself), a tomato butter bean with olives and buffalo mozzarella dish that came with toast (a little spicy, but phenomenal - we had to ask for extra toast to sop up all the delicious flavor! The chef actually saw us waving down the waitress and came over to us personally to help us out - again, such a nice feeling when the people who work there are so nice), the squid ink pasta (omg seriously so good... we ordered a second serving of it after we ate our entrees because all three of us were still craving it. Lemony, tangy flavor), the duo of ribeye and short ribs (super delicious, but a bit small to share amongst 3 of us) and da burger (holy moly it's gotta be like a bazillion calories but worth every bite. Perfectly medium rare, melty cheese and buttery bun). We also got the peanut butter and jelly donuts and the oreo cookies and cream desserts - I was under the impression that one of the desserts would be complimentary since I told the waiter it was my boyfriend's birthday, but it wasn't. Not a big deal, especially because we got 5% off the whole check for taking an Uber over there. I know this review was super long, but I really felt that the overall experience was fantastic and would strongly recommend anyone to go here.
Had reservations at 5:30 on a Sunday night. We ordered the following:PUFFED POTATO & EGGS: Cauliflower Mousse, Chives, Crispy Chicken Skin - I'm not a big egg fan and was hesitant when I saw the egg oozing out, but it actually tasted yummy, not a heavy egg flavor and the crispy chicken skin made it taste even better.DUNGENESS CRAB SALAD: Artichoke Chips, Garlic Cream, Anchovy - Probably my favorite dish of the night. Right amount of crab with crispy artichoke chips.SQUID INK CONCHIGLIE PASTA: Spicy Capers, Clams, Calamari, Tender Greens - Had a sweet taste, with al dente texture, good amount of seafood.CRISPY 38 NORTH DUCK BREAST & THIGH: Black Rice, Asian Pear, Celery, Peking Spiced Jus - Cooked medium rare. A bit too rare for me. My bf said the duck thigh tasted better than the duck breast.SEARED MAINE DAY BOAT SCALLOPS: Fresh Chickpea 'Salad', Spiced Orange Oil, Marinated Calamari - Sorta felt the scallops weren't cooked enough since it had strong seafoody taste compared to other places I've had scallops at.NOT YOUR GRANDMA'S APPLE PIE - I liked how it had different textures and temperatures all mixed into one dish. The shaved ice on top of the custard made it a unique dessert.Overall, I think all of our appetizers and sides tasted better than our main dishes. I'd like to come back and try some of the other dishes. Note, parking is very difficult!!! We actually had reservations a month prior to this date and were unable to find parking and as a result had to cancel our reservation.
Overall a great experience and I will definitely come back to try more of their menu. Here is how I rate the experience by courses:SNACKS - 5 starsSalted beets + burrata - excellent, interesting presentation where it looks like tartarePotato puffs - BOMB status, GET THISPretzel with duck mousse/pate - 5 stars & BOMB status, GET THISAPP - 3 starsThe crispy pork belly salad was actually not that amazing. The pork belly was kind of dry; however, everything else in the salad was awesome, especially the fried pork ears. (I heard the octopus was amazing and will get that next time instead)ENTREE - 3.5We all got "Da Burga" (4 stars) all around the table. First few bites were amazing - really good quality meat, yummy brioche-like bread, loaded with cheddar. BUT, it gets a little too rich and a bit much after a while, and this was probably the only burger i didn't finish in life (not due to portion size but due to the heaviness/richness). The twice baked potato tots that came as a side were also a bit rich (and a little salty), and I couldn't finish them either. (Next time I'd want to try the duck or rib eye)DESSERT - 4 starsPB & J donut/beinets - YUM! really goodDef recommend and I look fwd to coming back!
Pricey, but worth a date night. Delightful good, good atmosphere. Great people. Can't go wrong. Limited menu, but very tasty... :)On your next visit, arrive in an Uber and receive 5% off your billA+
This restaurant is really awesome. One of my favs in SF! I love it too when the executive chef brings out some of the dishes. Squid ink pasta is my fav, but everything else we tried were equally delicious.
Big YUM!!!Beautifully prepared dishes, friendly service, clean, modern atmosphere.Wonderful neighborhood cafe that now is a regular spot for us!
Everything we had was incredible and the service was impeccable. We will definitely be returning.
Items Selected:Crispy Tomato Cream Wafers - Crushed Fava Bean DipPuffed Potato and Eggs - Cauliflower Mousse, Chives, Crispy Chicken SkinDuck Pate and Mousse - French's Mustard, Cornichons, Warm Soft PretzelsWarm Octopus & Okonomiyaki Pancake - Bacon Dashi, Spicy Turnips, Marinated MushroomsCrispy 38 North Duck Breast & Duck Taquito - Roasted Fennel, Braised Rhubarb, Pistachio ButterChocolate Bananas Foster - Warm Brown Sugar Soaked Bananas, Frozen Chocolate Covered Banana Milkshake, Chocolate Brownies, Bubbling Walnut-CaramelPeanut Butter and Jelly Donuts - Brioche Beignets, Peanut Butter, Milk Chocolate, Grape JellyAgain planning a double-duty dinner it was mere moments before 5:30 that I arrived to find the doors of Jason Kirmse and Cy Hia's Stone's Throw already unlocked and although having missed out on Fat Angel during previous Bay Area dining adventures I entered with high expectations - two of my Saison servers having described Chef Jason Halverson's cuisine as "so delicious, so fun" with desserts "like a fat kid's paradise."Deceptively large despite its tree-shaded faade on Hyde Street with an up-front bar, open kitchen in back, plus hip yet exceedingly well trained staff at every turn it was to a monthly-changing menu that I soon found myself challenged and with nearly every dish something I'd consider ordering elsewhere hard decisions were made - a half-dozen plates increased +1 by a gift from the kitchen without a single disappointing bite in the bunch. Divided largely into bites, appetizers, larger plates, and sweets it was first the gift of light tomato chips and creamed broad beans that I began and moving next to things more substantial both the molten centered puffs and silky liver would prove oddly reminiscent of simpler things refined - the former harkening a "loaded" baked potato while the later, slathered on a warm pretzel, invoked memories of Big Mac...but in a good way. Clearly leaning on concepts of ethnic comforts it was next in tender Pacific octopus grilled and set adjacent to a savory pancake served with condiments that I found my favorite savory of the evening and only slightly less impressed by rosy duck melded to seasonal vegetables by smoky nut butter it was onto desserts I progressed - that "fat kid" comment immediately making sense as a box at the bottom of the menu requested customer's childhood favorites. At this point warned twice by my waiter that I had overordered it was at my insistence that a duo of desserts arrived and beginning with four pillowy beignets finding their flavor inspired by many kids' lunch the light cocoa cream proved an admirable segue to the NOLA tilted brownie sundae - the flambed sauce poured tableside to melt a frozen cylinder into a rich pudding far more interesting than anything I experienced at Brennan's.
This is one of those great restaurants that make you glad you live in (or near) San Francisco. The room is really beautiful in a spare way, the food is truly inspired, and the service is very attentive. Even in the very best restaurants, I've found the service to be less intuitive than we had at ST. Our server always seemed to be on hand when we needed him, but in no way was he intrusive.So why not five stars you ask. The noise. When we first arrived, we actually had to consult one another on whether we'd be able to stand the noise level during what we'd hoped would be a quiet dinner to talk and catch up on our weeks. I was ready to leave; my husband said we should sit down and give it a try. I do not understand why a restaurant of that caliber feels the need to play loud rock music. It was totally out of sync with the experience. Someone must have asked for the music volume to be turned down, because a little while later they did lower it. The people at the next table then were able to stop screaming, deafening us and making it impossible to have a conversation, so we could then talk.Still, being near the bar, as the evening wore on, that area got very crowded and the noise level went back up to, if not above, what it had been. It was an easy decision to say no to dessert; our ears just couldn't take it any more.Bottom line, we may go back (to try sitting in the back room and hope it's quieter), but there are enough other fantastic restaurants in the immediate vicinity where I won't be cringing in anticipation of the noise factor; so, honestly, we'll probably take our business elsewhere.
Great food and service. Really a great place to take friends and visitors for an awesome dinner.
Loved the cocktails and the lavender infused doughnuts! Service was impressive.
Great neighborhood gem, but if you're treking here from outside of the nob hill area, I advise to either take lyft/uber/taxi/bus, otherwise parking is a real pain. Good thing the food was well worth the pain of looking for parking!Between three people we ordered:-Roasted Carrot soup with dungeness crab-Salt roasted beets-Duck Pate with mustard that came with a pretzel bun-Puffed potato and eggs-Warm pork belly and crispy's pig ear-Chestnut raviolo with chanterelle mushrooms and truffle butterFavorites:Puffed potato and eggsChestnut raviolo with chanterelle mushroomsPortions aren't very big-- think tapas. Good to share between two people and would suggest ordering about three small dishes and one main dish each for a party size of 2.Great place to celebrate or catch up with friends. The place isn't too big, but it looks like it can at most accommodate a party size of 10!
We decided to come by for an early dinner after sampling their food at an event. Everything was delicious! We started with the Five Peas which was light and very fresh. We also had the fish sticks which were decadent and reminded us of how our aunts used to make them by hand.We ordered three entrees: cheeseburger, short ribs and rib eye and the duck. All were extremely well executed and very tasty. The cheeseburger sounded ordinary but I will tell you that it's quite the opposite. It's hard to make a perfect burger esp one that includes bacon cheddar tator tots!The duck was perfect. You can taste the work that was put into it. The ribs and short rib were super tender and delightful. The portions are perfect and prices are very reasonable.Can't wait to go back!
Love Love Stones throw. Went here for our wedding anniversary and 5 weeks postpartum and could not have had a better experience. The food is beautiful epically the potato puffs with chicken skin and cauliflower moose Yum. There squid ink pasta is fab also and the fish course that I have had the last three times I have been there are great to. Also not overly priced like a lot of places in San Francisco. Will be going back a fourth time.
Wow! What an amazing find! Found Stones Throw while searching open table for an available table and after reading the yelp reviews for this place -- I was excited to try it.It was AMAZING! Food, drinks, service were all great (minus having to wait about 30 min for a table despite having a reservation) however, the staff was quick to get my group's drink order to help the time pass. They have a huge beer list! My group was on a sour beer kick and tried most on the list. The cherry sour beer was delicious ($29 was a bit steep but worth it). Fav food of the evening -- potato puffs, grilled octopus, pork belly with crispy pig ear, salmon with sea urchin risotto (AMAZING!). Can't wait to go back!
Phenomenal place.. Great food, tremendous wine, excellent service.. Definite place to come enjoy the dining experience!
This place was amazing! We ordered a few different dishes and all of them were fantastic! You can't go wrong ordering. The waiters were all attentive and helpful when needed. A must try!
I want to get the hype - i really do - but maybe breakfast just wasn't the best shot for me to give Stones Throw? We tried to go to breakfast here 2 weeks ago, woke up and saw they opened at 11am. Cool. Walked up to the restaurant around 11:30am, and chairs were still up and the place was empty - puzzling. Came back again last weekend, excited to see the doors were open and people being served, and were seated quickly upon arrival for our reservation. We sat in the back, which to be honest, was a bit dreary/dark next to the wine cellar - the windows and light in the front room were definitely a better vibe.The menu was pretty limited as well - unless you're a morning-sweets kinda person, which i'm not - there are 4 "savory" items: burrata salad, duck hash, egg with spinach and mushroom, and a burger. Well, alright - not super stoked on the selection, but I went with the eggs (seemed to be the most breakfast-y and healthy alternative). Wine prices were also pretty steep (i can stomach 11 bucks for a glass of Champs at brunch, but 13? eep!)Overall, my eggs, spinach and "foraged" mushrooms were just that - scrambled eggs, spinach, and mushrooms. Could have totally made this at home and saved the $14 dollars on breakfast. I have no problem dropping this kind of cash on a nice meal, but for the price, the portion and taste just didn't do it for me - not to mention the limited menu.I might try Stones Throw for dinner since it's in the neighborhood, but I'll be saving my brunch money for Blackwood, where the menu, quality, portions, and bottomless mimosas always impress.
I really don't know what to say, other than that you can't go wrong with anything on the menu, and chef Jason is amazing. Really, it doesn't matter if I suggest "things to try" on the menu, because at places like this, the menu is constantly changing and my "must order this!" list will no longer be relevant. That being said, everything from small plates to dessert was really delicious, and a unique take on commonly used ingredients (duck! octopus! toad-in-a-hole lasagna!).Also, considering this is Russian Hill, the prices were not over the top for the high quality of food served. I would totes come back!!P.S. To further emphasize how awesome this place is, see the following from their website: "We all know parking is a challenge. To relieve this stress, we have partnered with Uber to offer you 5% off your check when you arrive in style with Uber! Simply alert the host when you arrive to receive credit on your check."P.P.S. Last Monday of each month they host dinners with other top bay area chefs, with all proceeds donated to the SF-Marin Food Bank. You really can't go wrong.
Every dish we had was phenomenal - mushrooms, squid ink pasta, striped bass, beef. Go here. You will not be disappointed at all.
Had the pleasure of trying Stones Throw, and be the first at their grand opening last night before all the industry professionals join in at the crowded bar. Despite the love and loyalty I've had w/ Ben, Leila and the old Luella crew, I managed to go in w/ an open mind.After a round of Pimm's cocktail - my favorite w/ ginger beer, we decided to sample their snacks & starters from the seasonal menu and leave room for desserts. We had SALT-ROASTED BEETS and DUNGENESS CRAB SALAD as snacks, and mistakenly thought the beets were compliments from the chef since it was not quite a snack order portion w/ tiny bits of beets to warrant a $8 price tag, guess I was wrong.  Unfortunately the dungeness crab salad came loaded w/ salt (and I'm a salt freak!), but I was more distracted by the shells I found in the crab salad. It's a pet peeve of mine when I dine out thinking I would pay premium to leave the work for the pros so I can enjoy my favorite crab shell-free, guess not. I have to say the artichoke chips accompaniment were mighty delicious and it's too bad for the shells since they got the portion right!We ventured to have a few starters next. SQUID INK CONCHIGLIE PASTA, WARM PORK BELLY SALAD and ROASTED ROOT VEGETABLE SALAD. The pasta was so well-made, al dente and satisfying, it was too bad that the clams and calamari were so tiny that left me wanting for more of the seafood. The pork belly could be a little crispier to contrast w/ the tender juiciness inside, but the pairings of the citrus and avocado really lighten things up and cut down on the fattiness for a perfectly executed salad. My friend's roasted root vegetable salad came w/ such a generous selection of root veggies and pear, it was a feast for the eyes.I was eyeing our neighbor's PEANUT BUTTER & JELLY DONUTS, but decided to go w/ GRANDMA'S APPLE PIE....BUT NOT QUITE and LEMON MERINGUE PIE. Let me just say if you left Stones Throw without trying their version of a deliciously deconstructed apple pie, you'll need to turn right back around and order that alone! It's absolutely brilliant...I won't spoil the surpirse for you but you'll thank me for it :) Lemon meringue was so light and not overwhelmingly 'lemony' but I'll still come right back to their apple pie!All and all, the old Mina crew didn't disappoint on taste. With such a solid team in place, I can see Stones Throw will quickly establish themselves as the neighborhood gem that their predecessor once was and cherished by all.
Man. What a freakin gem. Our bartender (she was brunette) was SO nice and knowledgable about wines. She even poured is tastes to show her recommendations which is a great gesture that is not done often these days. The squid ink pasta?! You just need to. The steak was great. However, the burger my boyfriend claims is "one of the best I've had"...and the boy eats his fair share of burgers. Can't wait to return!
Duck pate, octopus, five peas in a pod and the pork belly was my favorite. There were 4 of us so we ordered 4 apps and thank god we did they are extremely small.For our entree we ordered the NY steak which was cooked to perfection and the Salmon was awesome. The duck breast was also tasty. We ordered a $48 bottle of Zin that needed to be air rated but after Danielle the amazing waitress took care of that for us. My glass was never empty!! Made reservations 3 days before and was able to get a table for 4. Thanks so much and I plan on coming by for Brunch.
Maybe I expected a little more or maybe I came on a bad rotation. Don't get me wrong, the food is not bad; it just wasn't blowing my mind. The service was perfect-- flawless-- impeccable. However, I don't go back to a restaurant for the service; I go back for the food, which is what I will grade on.For starters, I ordered the "WARM PORK BELLY & CRISPY PIG'S EARS." The pork belly was delicious and soft, accompanied by pig ears that were not as crunchy as advertised and some tart and crunchy grilled peaches. For my entree, I ordered the "PRIME NY STRIP STEAK // Warm Potato Salad, Grilled Romaine 'Caeser', Garlic Brioche, Tarrago." The steak was perfectly seared and presented medium-rare as requested. The steak is good, but sides felt like misfit accessories. The taste of olive oil drizzled on top was overpowering the flavour of the steak. The potato salad was confused. I was poking at the pieces of hard-boiled egg and cornichon soaked in olive oil. Do I eat these? The potato was tasteless. The flavors on this dish did not complement the steak at all and was not cohesive; I was expecting something a little more rustic instead of overdone. I was in no mood for dessert.
I was so disappointed when Stones Throw did not blow my mind .. was extremely excited to try it. The presentation of the potato puffs was original and pretty. Great photo moment but the taste? Nothing to rave on about. Really saddens me when a restaurant everyone is taking about does not live up to the hype.We did have a lovely bottle of pinot so maybe I would go back for that, and give other entrees a try!
Delicious food and excellent service. We arrived early and decided to grab a drink at the bar, the owner offered a suggestion based on what we wanted, a delicious huge bottle of cider to split, he put the rest on ice (nice touch). We were seated early and asked to order various smaller dishes...so good and timed out as if we had a 5 course meal. I'm def coming back here
tl;dr I've been meaning to try Stone's Throw for a while and glad I tried once, but don't crave anything to go back. Compared to few similar price range places in the city, I found both food & overall experience to be lacking; IMO not worth the price. While few dishes were good (such as banana foster dessert), there were few misses for me (strawberry shortcake; puffed potato & eggs) and the main dish (steak) was pretty standard and not memorable. That said, I think it's a fun place to try once. If I did go again, I'd be a lot more conservative and only order a few dishes and skip the main.+ 1 star: creative and interesting dishes; seemingly fresh ingredients+ 1 star: sweet corn soup, chocolate banana foster, pasta part (esp. its texture) of squid ink pasta+ 1 star: service- 2 star: While the dishes were creative, usually only few aspects of each dish were tasty. Several dishes were noticeably salty (squid ink pasta & puffed potato end eggs) and not cohesive in flavor. The pastry part of strawberry shortcake was a definite miss for meDishes my friend and I tried:- squid ink pasta - pasta had a really nice texture; but sauce wasn't memorable and overall salty- puffed potato & Eggs - just tasted like potato puffs nothing special- sweet corn soup - this was one of our favorite and only dish I enjoyed as a whole; the sweet corn taste had some depth that made you crave more - prime ny strip steak - not impressive in any way; pretty standard; the meat wasn't that moistDessert- strawberry shortcake - disappointed; it wasn't a traditional shortcake, and instead came with neither chewey nor soft, dull mini pastry-like breads; pretty generous in strawberry & Rhuburb mixture (this was slightly sweet for me and not subtle in flavor); - chocolate bananas foster - this was really tasty; generous portion; it was served with warm caramel on top and they brought out the boiling caramel and poured on top of the dessert in front of us which made the experience more memorable; brownie and the ice cream didn't stand out, but the the ingredients together were quite tasty & fun to try; caramel sauce was really good- red wine & lemonadeAmbience & Service:- During dinner time after 7/7.30 pm it became too loud to hold a conversation comfortably, and I had to make an effort to shout out to speak to my friend.- Service was very friendly and professional.
They won't seat you until all the party arrived.  Table were closed together and noise level was loud. We ordered the duck pate with warm pretzels, it was good but I had better.  The tomatoes cream wafer with fava bean dip was very light and airy, fluffy and delicate. The sweet corn chowder with corn croquettes was rich, creamy, and delious.My favorite of the evening was the squid ink pasta with calamari, clams and shrimp with tender green. Its a small plates leaving you craved for more. Great well balance sauce and perfectly cooked pasta.The grilled octopus was tender. I love the side condiments that comes with it.My husband loves the warm pork belly and the crispy pig ears.We ordered the burger and tots as well. Maybe I am just not the burger kind of gal, it was good but too rich and heavy for me. My stomach was a bit upset from it so we skipped the dessert. Though I am not thrill about the parking situation and the waiting for my party to arrive before I get seated part, I will be back to try other dishes.  Reasonable price as well.
minus 1 for inconsistent table service - forgot my husband's wine, forgot his coffee or were slow with both those items.minus 1 for dessert - s'more had smoky flavor -probably the new liquid smoke thing, but it was artificial tasting and too smoky. and marshmallow ice cream with real marshmallow was too much sweet.potato and egg puffs - impressive. 4 per ordersquid ink pasta - delicious!! my friend who doesn't do pasta if it's not worth the calories, deemed this pasta worthy. I agreeTruffle stuffed chicken - yummy. not too memorableshort rib and seared steak - yummy. who doesn't love short ribburger - yummy with baked tater tots.to make things better - perhaps more veggies to fill up people e.g. corn, brussel sprouts, etc.minus star for gender neutral bathroom - I like my bathrooms gender segregated b/c men just aren't as tidy...great customer service - we went back for our leftovers - left for 5 minutes and realized we forgot. unfortunately, they were gone but they "replenished us"!!! wow!!might benefit from some "wind-blocking" from the front door. our table was 1/2 way in the room but when the window was open, we felt a draft.
The lavender "donuts" (really beniets) with lemon and some kind of raspberry mousse are the the best lightest most comforting dessert I've ever had. Everything we had was five star, but even if you are not still hungry, don't pass up this item. Split it four ways if you have to (but ask for extra lemon and raspberry). This is amazing.
Score on getting reservations on Friday for a Saturday night! I came with a few of my best gf's and we were all pleasantly surprised. I really liked the Salt Roasted Beets, Crab Salad, Squid Ink Pasta, and Raviolo. The burger was good but nothing memorable. Just ok - Duck Pate, Pork Belly SaladI'd pass on the Puffed Potato snack. It's a nice open space, service was great and prices are average. Parking is tough in this neighborhood so plan on going early!
Staff seemed tortured pretending to be nice. Over exaggerated presentation of food with the excitement of inmates forced to do laundry duty. But, seemed to take silent joy in letting our table over order on their guidence. All toward a whopping bill at the end of the evening (a bill you would expect from Gary Danko). An annoying Hipster culinary establishment with high aspiratons of being a real 5 star restaurant. Asian manager was particularly condescending. Wouldn't go back at gun point.
Foster the people.Signature song: youtube.com/watch?v=SDTZSignature dessert: Bananas Foster topped with caramel, chocolate and a served with a minature chocolate milkshake enclosed in a brownie. So good you might skip dinner.But don't because the seafood infused squid ink pasta is great and and the Five Peas In A Pod salad is a tasty combination of peas, lemon and an almond pesto.Each pairs well with a well done Pimm's cocktail with a ginger beer twist.Salmon however a $27 disappointment. Portion was just average and the appealing squash, couscous and tomato marmalade complements were in short supply.It's been only two weeks and while the wood decor, conversational vibe and great service linger nicely can't figure out how we spent $80/person on our meal. Salmon is one culprit.Perhaps a little overpriced for the final product. Except that priceless dessert.
Impeccable service!!The service alone was worth coming back to this restaurant. Although they were running a little behind for our reservation their service was impeccable! Part-owner, Bob, gave us the Crispy Tomato Wafer starters on the house while we waited (just an extra 10/15mins over a glass of wine at the bar). Plus the hostess, Tai, apologized to us multiple times, which was such a personable way to start our meal.Delicious food!!Their menu may be small but it packs a delicious punch! I ordered the Pan-Seared Salmon and my girlfriend had the Prime Strip Steak, needless to say, we both finished our plates clean. The portions are just the right size so we planned on skipping dessert, however, the awesome staff gave us a mini version of the Peanut Butter & Jelly Donuts. OMG. sooo good!Nutshell, Every part of the dinning experience earned a 5 star! :)
this place is great, but they take themselves too seriously and overcharge for only above average food. also, the space is very small so it is hard to get a table.
Any one giving this place 3 Stars is clinically insane.Duck pate, puffed potatoes, squid ink pasta, da burga...INSANE. Party in your mouth, 100%. It also looks so pretty and inventive and fun. The beer and wine selection is ginormous and the helpful/amazing staff are so happy to help you figure out what you're doing with your life (re: drinks)!If I could, I'd work there just so I could partake in the "family dinners" they do before service.
1. If you can ask for Danielle - you won't regret it2. Get Med Lock Ames or the Sangiovese3. Start with the potato/egg puff pasty + fish sticks ( if they have them).4. The burger is unreal! 5. PB&J Desert is best
Loved the food, especially the Duck.Excellent service and lively atmosphere. Would definetly go back.
I haven't written a yelp review in years and think maybe I was waiting for something so good or so bad. Thankfully it is the former. The restaurant has a great bar area for waiting and the flow of the restaurant is well spaced so that all the tables are not too far or too close to one another. Everything we had on the menu was really good and every person at our table was a happy customer. What more could you ask for!?They have snacks, starters and then mains. The snacks are really just snacks, but the starters are pretty well portioned and for the most part are easy to share. The entrees were also the perfect portions...enough to satiate without feeling heavy.We started with the duck pate and the pretzels. The presentation was just beautiful and it was good but not the star of the night. We ordered three starters to share. The Japanese pancake and the squid ink pasta. Everyone voted the Japanese pancake their favorite of the starters, but the squid ink pasta was so yummy too. There was something spicy in it that created the perfect surprise of heat and the broth made you just want to slurp up a big bowl of it. The Japanese pancake had a lot going on on the dish and with the condiments and this was just the perfect case of more is more. I mean it was finished with a bacon dashi...hello lover! For the entrees the five of us were all eying the same things so three of us ordered the duck and two of us ordered the salmon with the uni risotto. Here...you can have the duck. There was a generous serving of duck with crispy duck roll, rhubarb and grilled fennel. I methodically cut a bite of the rhubarb and then the duck to create single bites as the rhubarb made the duck sing and visa versa.  Whatever sauce was used to create the culinary swish on the plate was definitely not just for decoration...I used each bite to pick up a little sauce in each bite as well and at the end of the dinner my plate was wiped clean except for maybe a small fennel garnish. I tried a bite of the salmon and the uni risotto and boy was that sublime. Creamy and perfect both the salmon and risotto. The salmon was pan seared with a slight crispy exterior and a fall apart center with a tiny sliver of coral in the center...I mean really...just perfection.The desserts we had were the comte crepes, the peanut butter and jelly doughnuts and the bananas foster. The only thing I wasn't wild about was the crepes but the other two were the cause of us almost taking out our waiters arm for trying to take the plate away before we could lick the serving plate for the remaining sauces.Extensive beer list...please make sure you peruse the whole menu!I don't think there is anything here that is a miss.
I would give them 6* if I could. Incredible flavors, brilliant presentation, friendly service and a seasonal menu. Excellent beer and wine menu. Loved everything we tried here ( Potato Puffs with their creamy yolk center, duck PT with soft pretzel, burrata salad, pork belly and crispy pigs ears appetizer, duck breast and PBJ donuts. Will definitely visit again.
Had Sunday Brunch here yesterday. Made a reservation, had to wait a couple minutes but were offered menus and the chance to order drinks while we waited. Ordered the Mimosas your way. They bring you a bottle of champagne and orange-pineapple juice as well as grapefruit juice. They were both yummy. Started with the potato egg puff appetizer, they were SO good. Could have had another order of those. My boyfriend ordered the scrambled eggs with asparagus, mushrooms and ricotta and I ordered the burger and then we split an order of butter-fried pancakes. Both our dishes were good-he finished his in minutes. The burger was different than other burgers- it had a pickled carrot type slaw which was good. The pancakes were also amazing, really fluffy and thick. Also they serve Sight Glass coffee which I also appreciated. All around good meal, would love to come back for dinner.
I was so excited to try this place and we ended up having a great time. The service was good and our server was super friendly.The sunchoke soup with the confit egg was super tasty as was the pate (my favorite appetizer!). I got the rib eye, which was perfectly cooked, and my hubby got the raviolo which he really liked. It had tons of flavor and was pretty filling.The apple pie dessert is amazing, but warning - it's not hot! The icy apple makes it interesting but part of me wishes there was some warm apple to make it really satisfying on a cold winter night! The flaky "pie crust" was SO GOOD. Overall, yummy!!
Had dinner Friday night with friends for a birthday. We had 6 people. It was busy but they had a nice little bar (beer and wine only) and the bar tender was great - even poured an extra drink as it took a little longer for our table. The waitress was super energetic and knew in great detail the menu! The food was wonderful but small portions. Loved the pate & loaded tater tots (appetizer) and the ribeye/short ribs for the main dish and donuts for dessert mmmmm. The staff was so cool and brought out some funnies and candles to help us sing happy birthday to our friend - he loved it. Would return but definitely make a reservation.
I give this place 4-stars because the service was perfect. The wine was delicious. Overall food was very good in some cases or bad in others, but it was a nice dining experience. WARM MUSHROOM RAGOUT - good flavor. I'd order this again. PUFFED POTATO & EGGS - sort of like a loaded baked potato but betterCLH SHRIMP COCKTAIL - I did not like this one at all. Shrimp was overcooked. DUCK PT & MOUSSE - I did not like this one at all. Seriously tasted like cheese whiz out of a can. SALT BAKED BEET & FENNEL SALAD - Loved this one! SQUID INK CONCHIGLIE PASTA - Everyone said this one would be amazing, but I just don't get dishes where they intentionally taste like seafood. If you're one of those people that like the flavor of Ikura, you will probably like this. CRISPY-SKINNED WILD VIRGINA STRIPED BASS - Good broth, good accompaniments.  Would have been better if the skin was actually crispyLIBERTY FARMS DUCK BREAST - Probably my favorite dish of the night. Really really good. SLOW-ROASTED PRIME BEEF RIBEYE - Also a very good dish. Perfectly cookedMUSQUEE DE PROVENCE AGNOLOTTI - Very impressive agnolotti. I'd order this again for sure. All in all, a fantastic meal.
Still a fan and have been numerous times now for Dinner and also for Brunch. Their deconstruction of food and mixing tastes together is incredibly savvy and I enjoy the vibe of the restaurant as well. The puffed potatoes and eggs is still a favorite for us. Give it a try!
Stones Throw is everything I want a restaurant to be...innovative and delicious with use of unpopular parts like pig ears with surprising flavor combos, like the curry aioli beneath the pork belly with grapefruit, the artichoke and olive with the lamb. We ate: Snacks: potato egg puffAppetizer: grilled octopus, pork belly w/ pig ears, squid ink pastaEntre: duck breast + thigh, lambDessert: banana foster and the pb+j donuts. All were delicious, can't wait to go back.
The service: very good and friendly!!The food:Mushroom ragout: good flavor, but the bread was burnt. I don't mean a little. I mean full on black and inedible on the top crust.Eggs & puffs: delicious, and I would recommend. It would be a home run if they put just a bit more egg yolk in the center for the ratio of egg to potato to be better...Squid ink pasta: i wanted to like this one so much! There didn't seem to be any indication that the dish would disappoint or be so sour, but it did and it was! :(Harissa grilled octopus: so tender and well cooked. Yum!Warm chicken and crispy pig ears: yum yum yum! Get it!!! My bf said he got a dry/chewy piece of the pork belly. The pieces I ate melted in my mouth. I'd highly recommend!Crispy skin Sea bass: skip. The skin was indeed crispy. All else was a pass. Duck breast: duck was high quality and perfectly cooked. The sides were ok/good, but didn't seem to work together to be a yummy dish. Polenta and truffled agnolotti: yummy browned butter sauce. It was good, but none of the mains really impressed compared to the starters. The desserts: we passed, but awesome that they take suggestions from customers! Cute and fun way to run the menu :)The drinks: cocktails were few and far between. They were pretty good to try, but I wouldn't order them again. The beer was a but overpriced, bit great selection! Overall, I really enjoyed it. I'd come back :)
I loved everything about this place, from the starters to the cocktails, the entree, with a delicious dessert to top everything off. The ambience is super cute and rustic, and the service was fabulous. It was definitely one of my favorite dining experiences in SF.Having the same thing on the menu everyday is so 2005, so by the time you dine here, the entrees and apps may have changed, but if you can find anything even remotely close to the puffed potatoes, GET IT. The ones I got were filled with a runny yolk and the cauliflower puree was a perfect pairing to these scrumptious spuds.If I ever spot any cocktail with Pimms, I automatically stop reading the rest of the description and order the drink. The rule applied here and it was one of the best cocktails I've ever had. Definitely making my reservations right now so I can try the rest of the menu!
We had a lovely dinner at Stones Throw tonight. Our reservation was at 5:30 which is a great time to dine if you want to avoid the the crowd that arrives by 6:30. The waiter and bartender greeted us right away. We ordered a Pimms Cup (delicious) and were then taken to the lovely pine table. The space is arranged wonderfully. They have high ceilings with rafters and lovely pine tables to dine at.They are set around the room and it appears open and not crowded which we loved.The service was especially good. Our waiter Stuart was very familiar with the menu and helpful without being all over us. One server in particular was a young brunette woman who also wowed us with her service and smile. We tried a number of their dishes among four of us. For the first course 'snack' one person enjoyed the dungeonus crab salad. While two if us feel that it tasted like onion and salt... Not crab.  And our most favorite was the duck pate.....WOW. Our second favorite was the potato ball stuffed with egg served over cauliflower and fried chicken skin mouse.Of the second 'starter' course....Our favorite of these dishes was the roasted/grilled octopus with a pancake of vegetable served with a bacon ju and accoutrements including pickled watermelon rind. The pork belly was fabulous, as was crab curry soup and squid ink pasta with shellfish. We liked the duck breast/leg served with Asian spice ju and black sticky rice the best. Two of us had the lamb which was a disappointment at furst. It is served with roasted veggies and a ju. The plate looks ver dark....the meat looked pretty but perhaps some yellow or orange veggies might brighten it. The meat itself had the texture of beef. But it had zero flavor! Someone didn't taste tonight? Anyway.....we were given some salt and pepper and additional ju, and the meat tasted better. The veggies were so so. The waiter offered to bring another dish but, when we added spice it was better....if not great...Desert...lemon meringue won this course. But the donuts with peanut butter and jelly were yummy too. Great wine. Yummy pressed coffee.Our friends had dinner at Frances this week and they enjoyed this dinner a lot more:)It is a very nice restaurant and we certainly will return. Now we know the best dishes too! And...5% off the check if u take UBeR. There is no parking:)
What a pleasant surprise! This place has a small menu but it REALLY delivers and then some. The service was outstanding and literally every dish we ordered exceeded our expectations. The corn ravioli was phenomenal. The tomato braised Romano beans with burrata appetizer was super tasty. I'd love to go back.
(4) ~ Very good overall food & serviceOUR MENU:* water(tap) = (4) very good...must be filtered;)* Sour Beer(draft) = (4) very good* Puffed Potato & Eggs = (4) very good* Crispy 38 Duck Breast = (4.5) Very Good...Loved the Crispy Duck Skin!;)* PBJ Donuts = (4) very good* Coffee(french-pressed) = (3.5) good, but not great...
I was treated mightly to an evening where dish upon dish was brought to our two large tables, so I have no idea what a normal evening would be like here (y'know, with starter, main, dessert). Instead I had starter 1, starter 2 oh look another starter 3, is this my main? No it's starter 4, then main 1, main 2 and a third main followed by dessert, with an apres-meal coma (coma of BLISS).Basically, I got to try around 8 dishes shared amongst a larger table, and I can safely say they were all divine. Also, when I let a waiter know I was gluten free, there wasn't even any fuss or sigh in making a few 'personal' dishes for me when the main ones being shared with the table weren't gluten-free. I was very, very impressed by the staff.The crab? So sweet and delicious. The scallops? Melt in the mouth. The pork belly? MORE PLEASE. But the best dish of the evening had to be the beef which was both sweet, delicious, melt in the mouth and MORE PLEASE. It was the final dish served, at which point I was getting too full, but not too full for as much of this beef as I could have without being rude whilst sharing.If I lived in SF, I would come back here for a 'normal' meal shared with a partner or good friend, and probably struggle to choose only one thing for each course from their menu. I have been spoiled. Come here in a big group and you'll be fed like kings and queens. The staff, again, get a mention for being wonderful; and the beef.
This place is great! They have an awesome selection of beer and wine. I ended up drinking a champagne type of beer that was delicious. Oh and the food was also good haha
Stones Throw definitely lives up to its reputation. We had reservations for Sat night and were seated right away. Service was top notch. They recommended great food and wine. We started with the Puffed Potato and Eggs which were delicious and the restaurant gave us the Crispy Tomato Cream Wafers (which were pretty good), but our favorite was the Duck Pate & Mousse.. which was incredible. Next we ordered the Pork Belly and Crispy Pig Ears which we enjoyed as well. I got the Duck as my main course and my boyfriend got the Steak - both were coked perfectly. Then for dessert we had the Peanut Butter and Jelly Donuts and the Chocolate Caramel Banana Brownie desser which were out of this world. Our paired drinks (the Spring Cup, Wine and Moscato and Beer my boyfriend ordered) were all delicious as well. We will definitely return. It was worth every penny!
Pro: cute decor, good location on Hyde, server was nice Con: Food. It's insanely over priced, and honestly inedible. This is my second time going and I held off reviewing because I figured the first time they just had a bad night. Not the case. My 20+ dollar entre can be described as follows: Lukewarm "cream" sauce poured over a plate of random twigs, brussel sprouts, and 2 pasta things. It was like a plate of vom. Why does this place have 5 stars?? I seriously do not understand.
Let me make this simple and to the point... 5 stars for Stones Throw! I only share my 5 star experiences so congratulations Ryan Cole and team!Started with Puffed Potato and Eggs - topped with cauliflower mousse, chives and crispy chicken skin - Heavenly surprise with a creamy egg yolk inside each one. A must have for everyone to try! Next was the Squid Ink Conchiglie Pasta with Clams and Calamari - Insanely delicious and worth the cheat during lent for no pasta:) Nothing like it! For the main entree..It was tough to choose while checking out what everyone else was having and I went for the scallops! Super fresh and seared perfectly. Fancy dish! As for dessert... Chocolate bananas foster AND I had to go for some sample bites of the pb&j donuts to really send me over the edge and it was well worth the extra calories! Love that they have 60 beers by the bottle ranging from $6 to $26 which takes the experience to any level you're in the mood for. Excellent wine list with a wide range to choose from.The ambiance is casual and fun with a high end menu! I **heart you** #MichaelBauer but the stars you gave #StonesThrow need to shoot higher or I'll meet you there for Take 2:) I'm ready to go again!!
Dinner was OK, but nothing about the experience was above average. We had and 8:30 reservation and it was 45 minutes before we were seated. service seemed a bit slow as well both to take our order and finally bring food out. Food was good, but nothing great. The only thing truly interesting was the Pinot Noir Head High from Sonoma, definitely recommend that.
Get the squid ink pasta! Good food. Ok/poor service. The vibe is classic Hyde street restaurant, a mix of Marina and Russian Hill people. If you like that kind of crowd then this place is for you and you might even think the service is better than just 'ok'.  But seriously get the squid ink pasta! It was pretty yummy.
BEST BURGER EVER!! Seriously, the burger was life changing. Also, they have some really creative dishes. Went with a group and we sampled/shared several appetizers and main dishes. Everything was amazing. I dream about my meal their. Wish I was a native to the Bay Area so I could frequent here.
This place is fabulous! All I can say is that the food is amazing and so is the service! Tai is one of the owners and she was so welcoming and sweet! Such a sweetheart! I went for brunch and would definitely recommend it! I will be returning shortly for dinner!
Patron beware, even if you have a reservation you may be required to wait for your table even if 1) there seem to be plenty of open tables, and 2) you are punctual. That aside, the atmosphere is very casual despite the $$$ rating which lends to further comfort. There doesn't appear to be any enforced dress code despite the dollar rating. If it matters to you, they have an expansive wine and beer selection but no full bar. In short, appetizers were very good; squid-ink pasta, duck pate, and halibut tartare. Duck pate and squid ink pasta being on the stand out list.  Out of a table of 4, we all ended up ordering the duck breast and the burger (Da Burga). Duck breast was quite tender and juicy. Despite what some of the reviews may tell you, the burger was flat out.... outstanding! Seriously, this burger (cooked medium rare and ground fresh) is in my list of top 3 burgers ever consumed in my lifetime. This restaurant is highly recommended. Do not miss this stop during your visit to San Fran. You won't regret it!
Loved this place! The service was impeccable and the food was fantastic. My favorite items: + Squid ink pasta - Deliciously flavorful but petite pasta dish with a myriad of seafood. Highly recommend. + Potato puffs with egg yolk - Wonderfully doughy and decadent. + Bananas fosters - This was sent over by the staff on the house as a surprise for being patient with the wait. What a gesture! Warm chocolate with bananas and ice cream. Perfect end to the meal. Overall, a lovely experience. :)
After eating here three times, I have decided that Stones Throw is one of my favorite restaurants in San Francisco. Brunch is amazing - try the potato puffs, hash, oysters, and nutella crepes. We also absolutely loved dinner including the squid ink pasta. What also really stands out to me is the amazing and unparalleled service. Everyone is so nice and friendly and very attentive.
This was a recent date night, and it really delivered for that! The food was really delicious, and the wine selection was phenomenal. This is definitely on the "places to return" list.Although there wasn't anything specifically vegan on the menu, when the reservation was put in, inquiry was made, and we were assured that they would be able to provide for me. When we sat down, we let our server know, and he was gracious and accommodating. I often worry about being a problem customer because of dietary restrictions, but I was made to feel like I was no worry at all and they were in fact happy to provide me with something.We got the roasted root vegetable appetizer, which was really good, and full of unique vegetables. We actually struggled with placing what some of them were--one was pickled radish that had been roasted! Everything was interesting and stimulating on the palate, with only the cauliflower being slightly overdone to being soft, while everything else was perfect.For dinner, I got a bountiful assortment of vegetables, some of which I could not identify (always exciting!). They were mostly sauteed, I believe, and all had great texture and flavor, and none of the natural flavors were drowned out by oil or salt--the seasoning was perfectly balanced. They included a few dollops of a white bean puree, and a few dollops of their green garlic sauce.That green garlic sauce stole the show, hands down! It was in my dish, as well as on my companion's meat, and it was just SO. GOOD. I'm salivating a little disgustingly right now while I think about it. You don't even know. Go eat the sauce. Do it. Do it now.As mentioned, the wine list was great, with hilarious commentary under the different headings. It's creatively organized by genre of wine, rather than color of type, so you can browse by things like trusty wines, unusual wines, traditional wines, and so on, plus a "bargain bin" of super spendy wines that aren't going very quickly so have been reduced to really great prices. Our server was really helpful with steering us toward a bottle of wine that would match with both of our meals.The dessert menu looked killer, but we were far too full to get any. However, they solicit dessert suggestions, with the chance that your favorite recipe will go on the menu--and you'll get to come eat it! Very fun.Overall, a beautiful, nicely laid out little neighborhood restaurant with a great personality and food and wine good enough to make it a destination from other neighborhoods. My one regret was not getting the Bordeaux I was ogling on the bargain wine list--but I guess that just means I'll have to go back!
YUM!! Unique , yummy flavors in all their dishes. Had carrot salad , squid ink pasta ( so good!!) , chicken , sea bass and smores for dessert.  A perfect bottle of wine to accompany it all = we will b back.  Great service as well !!
Maybe it was because it was my 4th dinner out that week (a coincidentally busy week for me!) , but somehow I wasn't impressed as their food didn't hit my tastebuds in any special way. I felt like they tried to make the food modern, deconstructed, stylish, but the flavors just were not affecting me. We had the Japanese pancake (ok), salmon rilettes (pretty good), the duck (now this was good, flavorful, tender), vegetarian lasagna (good but something was missing), pineapple upside down cake (deconstructed, ok flavors). Service was a-ok. I don't know, I wasn't that impressed overall.
Great service and great food. The ambience is specific, but for the time, crowd and day, very well done.
Delicious food, incredible beer menu, fantastic service. I only wish I could eat at Stones Throw every night of the week.
Service here is great. Came here for my friends birthday party of 4. Between us we sampled 80% of the menu.Favorites: Squid ink pasta, pig ears and pork belly, duck, and chocolate banana foster - all were so delicious!!! Above and beyond: The waiter got the chef to give us extra crispy pork ears since I loved it so much. The hostess noted that it was my friends birthday, and got the chef to do something special for dessert. Our dessert plate came with "Happy Birthday" written in chocolate and a magic relighting candle!!! We all couldn't stop laughing as my friend kept trying to blow it out. Everyone was on top of their duties from checking us in to filling our water cups.Things to work on: Burger was more medium rare than medium. Salmon was well done instead of medium as requested.Special notes: Parking sucked. Uber, lyft, or public transit it if you can.
I came here with my family for my mom's birthday and had the best time. The food is great, but it was the service that impressed me the most. Our server, and the entire staff, was so warm and fun (and genuine)! I will come back here many times over!
What a wonderful experience from beginning to end. Booked a large party in their private dining area and couldn't have made a better choice. Such an attentive and genuine staff, as well the food was perfection. Recommending Stones Throw to my family and friends for any and all occasions :)
NOT WORTH THE PRICE. This place is trying wayyyy too hard (even the logo) and fails on pretty much all accounts - except for the beer menu, and the duck, both of which are pretty great. I spent $200 on a meal with my wife that was just "ok". Atmosphere feels like a Polk Street retread. The service was so so. Everything that we tried on the menu lacked flavor - and for the price, you gotta deliver. Dishes sound creative, but when you eat them, they lack any sort of cohesion or discernable approach. Lots of pouring sauces on things and talking about the dish via the waitstaff - and it doesn't deliver. The best thing we had was the duck, which was extraordinary and rich. The Octopus was handled well, but then coated with this insanely intrusive BBQ sauce on top of a flavorless pancake that didn't fit at all. You're better off eating BBQ chicken and latkes. Fava Pasta was so subtle, it didn't exist. Needed salt. Puffed Potato and eggs - also relatively flavorless. Duck Pate and Mousse was pretty great - a few flakes of salt could have taken this to a whole new place. Dessert - Bananas Foster was just really rich. The PB&J Donuts were pretty disgusting and flavorless. Don't be fooled by the menu - it sounds great and doesn't deliver. Come here for an ok, overpriced meal.
Everything here is top notch. The wine, the food and the service! Honestly there aren't enough good things I could say about this place! Love it
Three things that struck me about Stones Throw.GENUINE Friendliness. Npt the canned or snarky version you see so often but these people were pleased to have us there, happy to answer questions and a honestly felt "good night/ thanks for coming by" upon our departure. IN addition one of the partners in the restaurant came by to check in on us. Flavorful and Creative Food. We stuck with just the Starters. Pork Belly was done beautifully and not the traditional crunchy but it was further enhanced with spices and avacado. Then the squid ink pasta. Wish we got a double order. BAM! I loved it. Then we had the Grilled Octopus "Okonomiyaki" which for both of us was the winner. Welcoming Atmosphere. Whether you post up to the bar or grab a table there is not a pretentious seat in the house.
Highlights - Everything! Every bite offered an array of flavors. The service was excellent, knowledgeable and passionate about their menu. The wines made for great pairing and the beer list was impressive and vast. Easily ranks as one of our most enjoyable dinners to date.Drinks - Pinot Noir and Cabernet Starters - Duck pate and mousse, roasted root vegetable salad and squid ink pasta. Entree - Seared Maine day boat scallops, Crispy 38 North Duck Breast and Thigh.Dessert - Banana Foster, Sight Glass Coffee.
This place is great. I love the neighborhood (though parking is a bit of a challenge, they offer you a 5% discount if you arrive with Uber which is a nice touch). We started with the cauliflower mousse/puffed potatoes/egg thing which is really cool. You cut into the fried potato and then an egg yolk bursts out, which both surprised (and entertained) me. We got the dungeness crab salad - holy cow, it was superlative. I wish I had eaten the whole thing instead of sharing. The duck pate was on par - it was one of the best I have had. From top to bottom, there were slivers of cornichons sitting on top of a thin layer of yellow mustard (my favorite), on top of the pate. It was served with two warm and delectable pretzel rolls. For our main course we ordered the lamb, which was cooked perfectly and named accurately - the meat had just a hint of olive. We also got the black cod, again cooked perfectly. We finished up with the chesnut raviolo - probably my favorite, though all three mains were really excellent.We passed on dessert and went for ice cream up the street (probably not the smartest call). Service was good but bordering on a little slow - to be fair, we had a baby with us, and took her out of the restaurant a few times so the progression of food was probably lost on me. They were very friendly despite the fact that she was the only baby in the restaurant.A final word on drinks - I appreciate that the menu is split into different categories/descriptions of both beer and wine. The apostrophe is their version of a Manhattan and it is really delightful. Would definitely come back.
I heard it was crazy hard to get a reservation here, but we lucked out and were able to snag one that we had to get to in 15 minutes. No problemo, we live a stone's throw away. See what I did there? The food was great, although I did think that at some point there was a little too much going on with some of the dishes. Beers, wine, and wine cocktails only, so no delicious whisky cocktail was disappointing. The service was ON POINT. Our waitress was a bit overwhelmingly excited, but she was super cute, and everyone who came to our table to deliver food was crazy knowledgeable about what they were serving us to eat. I think the owner was even the food runner at one point, a young guy who could easily also just be a server or bartender but he had an air of confidence and pride that identified him as the proprietor of this place.I thought this would be a more upscale hipster spot with beer and cocktails as well as creative food. But it is definitely more hipster restaurant than anything else. That's was up these days, and this place is at the top of the pile fa sho. Octopus was DELICIOUS, but too much comes with it so flavors can be confusing. My BF was not very happy with his lasagna. But the Banana Foster was SO GOOD. I kind of wanted the beignets though, so we might have to go back soon.Food - 4Service - 5+Atmosphere - 3
Really impressed! Totally exceeded my expectations.I hadn't been to Russian Hill for a while, so it was nice to take a spin around the old neighborhood. I'd looked at the menu in advance, and thought it sounded pretty good, but kind of a lot like many of the New American places we already have around here. It was definitely a cut above. First of all, the service was super great. They couldn't seat us until about half an hour after our reservation, but the hostess was really gracious and apologetic about it, and gave us a free appetizer for our troubles. The servers were also really friendly and knowledgeable, and full of helpful recommendations. I asked about the cool-looking pottery, and they knew all about where the plates come from (England!). The duck pate and the squid ink conchiglie pasta were probably my favorite things. Really great flavors and textures to them both. The pork belly with avocado and greens was also great. The pork belly itself was really tender and not as overwhelmingly fatty as it sometimes is. The duck breast was very good. I was not really into the lamb, sadly. It was covered in an olive tapenade that overwhelmed the lamb flavor and everything else in the dish. Not terrible, but I wouldn't order it again.The chocolate bananas foster was ridiculous and indulgent and I regret nothing. Would order again, and probably will.
So... Let me start this review by confirming for you that Stones Throw has an impressively tasty menu. It's a bit off the beaten path but San Francisco is a small enough town that the distance is really a non-issue. That said though, my gripe has more to do with my experience at Stones Throw vs. the distance and the food. I went after work on a Wednesday to meet up with two former colleagues of mine, one of whom has eaten there before and highly recommend (demanded) we check it out - needless to say, we were excited to see what all the buzz was about. Upon arrival we were greeted by warm smiles and seated by a friendly host. The meal that ensued was great and our server was the sweetest. No complaints there. Immediately after our meal though, we were told by the manager or perhaps the owner (a seemingly nice gentleman) that other guests needed our table. Being somewhat of a foodie and haven eaten at some of the best restaurants in the world, I was a bit shocked as I have never had this experience before. Not wanting to embarrass the owner, or perhaps more importantly my friend who had presented herself as a regular, I politely complied, paid our $400+ bill, tipped the waitress 24% as she was delightful and deserved it, and walked out of the crowded entrance never to return again...In summary, Stones Throw has great food, great service, but unfortunately it's not the place to go if you would like to have a leisurely meal, enjoy dinner and conversation, or be treated like more than just a number... Let's just chalk it up to rising commercial rent prices, a struggling economy, a focus on profitability, or just a bad managerial decision by the owner...no matter what prompted the situation, they lost three otherwise happy customers  :-(
Totally delicious and completely unpretentious. The food was beautifully crafted and plated, and the staff warm. They gladly turned several dishes vegetarian for us. On the night we went, they had over 60 different bottles of beer you could choose from, and the descriptions of them on the menu were a delight. Definitely a spot we'll return to.
I don't write reviews often, but I felt compelled to after the amazing dinner I had last week. My friend Lisa (she's also on Yelp and will include more extensive review :) and I came as part of our monthly dinners just the two of us. We're always looking on the Eater Map for the hottest new SF restaurants and Stone's Throw had been on our list for a while. Here are the three reason's why I loved Stone's Throw:1. Our waiter was extremely friendly, knowledgable, and attentive. When we asked for recommendations, he asked us what we traditionally liked, and how the dishes may be different from what you'd normally expect (ie: the lasagna). 2. THE FOOD. We ordered the dungeness crab salad (melts in your mouth), the pork belly with crispy pigs ear, Lisa had the duck, and I had the "toad in the hole lasagna" entrees. I can honestly say the lasagna was one of the best entree's I have ever had. All of the unique flavors meshed together wonderfully. The absence of a traditional tomato sauce was not missed, and the "white sauce" was completely and utterly amazing. And it had an egg on it! An egg for crying out loud. I HIGHLY recommend the lasagna. But go quick- our wonderful waiter told me it's seasonal :)We had the banana's foster for dessert- again, completely superb. We also had the peanut butter & jelly donuts, which they brought out for us to celebrate my recent engagement :)3. The ambiance. The restaurant is wonderfully decorated and has such a great vibe. The executive chef delivered our appetizer, and everyone I spoke with who worked at Stone's Throw was enthusiastic and friendly. I even asked if they have ever done a rehearsal dinner, and they haven't, but I'm highly considering to be the first :)
I chose this place for a friend's birthday based on the 5 star reviews on Yelp. Well this is excellent example of what my "non-Yelper" friends would say... Can't believe everything you read! 5 stars for the renovated decor & ambiance; definitely an update to it's predecessor, Luella. The bartender was super friendly and attentive so another 5 stars there. Unfortunately I thought the food was just good not spectacular. The popular snack or starter: Puffed Potatoe and Eggs... was good, but didn't wow me. Well to their defense, I'm not a fan of egg yolk. The squid ink pasta was delicious, as well as my entree: scallops. I think what turned me off was our unfriendly server. She rarely smiled and was inattentive. It was Tuesday night and the place was packed, and yes we were a table of 5... but customer service should not be taken lightly regardless of how busy the restaurant is. It's the nature of the business, and I think every server should always have a smile on their face and be more engaging.  I always pay at least 20% tip regardless, but when customer service is lacking, I feel somewhat cheated, which is a huge turn off to me. I kept reaching out to another server just to get drink or food orders... the other server was really nice. Phenomenal service is one of the top reasons that fall on the list of reasons to come back to a place. SO many other fabulous restaurants in the city to return to. Not sure if this is one of them.
Love the experience -- great food, service, and ambiance -- happy they've come into my neighborhood! Party of 2, we had puffed potato & eggs, grilled octopus, scallops, and "not your grandma's apple pie" -- everything was great, but grilled octopus was particularly standout. Seriously, can't wait to go back.
they've partnered with luxe valet app -- can get your first parking free -- since it's difficult to find parking in this area.the sort of menu that you can't really go wrong with, i.e. ingredients bolstered with egg, bacon, pork belly, truffle, etc.he's kept the popular hits.*puffed potato and eggs -- kind of like Porto's potato balls with a runny yolk inside covered with crispy bits, kind of like having a morning breakfast all in one bite. very tasty and should order this.*squid ink conchiglie pasta -- delicious delicate but complex dish with seafood and nice inked pasta. clams, shrimp, calamari, greens, savory citrusy broth. order this.*octo with okonomiyaki -- a bit mushy octopus with bacon dashi, overfried thick version of an okonomiyaki with bacon bits and some mushroom and pickled accoutrements which didn't go together that well.*truffle chicken -- very strong truffle flavor, radishes, and some stuffing (like a turkey dinner), overall ok.nice presentation, overall seems to play it safe. carrot cake dessert was deconstructed with carrot puree cake, cream cheese spread, caramelized nuts -- certainly submit your own childhood favorite dessert request.
Went here last night. The service was exceptional. The wine was fantastic. And I'm embarassingly allergic to most things, which I try not to talk about...I'm usually able to find something on most menus. Not here - but the chef very kindly adapted the fish to my needs and it was among the most fabulously delicious meals I have ever eaten. I can only imagine that the rest of the menu is just as good! Very highly recommended!
We were so excited to try Stones Throw, and we knew it would not disappoint thanks to former Michael Mina sous chef chef Jason Halverson! Even on a Tuesday night, Stones Throw was packed and continued to stay packed until we left 1.5 hrs later! The restaurant is beautifully designed and felt warm and homey. We were promptly seated after we arrived. Every single person who works at Stones Throw is polite, courteous, knowledgable, helpful, and happy! I love this, because I feel that it translates directly into the experience you have. The service is impeccable! My twin sister and I enjoyed every minute of our dining experience.As for the food, WOW. I am still having daydreams about the duck and grilled octopus. And my sister's beef ribeye was phenomenal. We also tried the duck pate, dungeness crab salad, puffed potato and eggs, and the sunchoke soup. Everything was delicious and extremely pleasing to the eye thanks to Jason's signature plating. It's hard to describe how good something tastes in a review; you'll just have to come and try for yourself :).Unfortunately, we did not have room for dessert, but we will definitely be back for the deconstructed Apple Pie that I keep hearing so many good things about! They even ask you for a childhood favorite to potentially add to the changing dessert menu! As for attire, I think casual-trendy is the way to go! And as for parking, I would not try to park in the neighborhood, as it is extremely difficult to find a spot. I will be back!!!!!!!!!!! :) (Congrats Jason!)
"We want to fit right in with the neighborhood. Our biggest things to stress are substance, quality and value," says Cole. "We want people to walk out and say they got their money's worth."I have to give credit where credit is due. The food was excellent. Everything my girlfriend and I tried (puffed potato and egg, chestnut raviolo, PB&J donuts) was excellent, but thats what you expect when you see the restaurant atmosphere and their prices, quality food. My issue is absolutely 100% with the portions. $22 for ONE ravioli.... I mean at the very least throw 2 more on there so I don't feel like I got completely ripped off. We would have been better off getting a few more of the "snacks" than one of their main dishes. The only reason we purchased a desert that night was because both my girlfriend and I were still hungry. Absolutely do not come here if you are hungry and looking to leave satisfied. Not unless you can afford to do so, but as a Russian Hill resident paying enough in rent, I don't appreciate paying $22 for a plate of food that I can't even remotely share with anyone else at the table nor can confidently call a "plate of food". Beers on tap are good and the bottles are great as well. Like I said, don't make the mistake in walking in here hungry. You'll leave angry and feeling used.
I'd love to love Stones Throw. The menu was whimsical and fun, and the dishes ordered were inspired, well executed, and plated with an artful hand. Flavors and tastes were just as on point as the dishes looked. The challenge was the complete lack of regard for good service. A server that is an order taker is a shame at an establishment like this, and that's how I would describe our service that night. Cold, entitled, and unwelcoming, and like pulling teeth to get recommendations on wine or favorite dishes. This type of service is fine for a diner, but for the high quality of this restaurant it makes a significant disconnect. The complimentary dish sent out since we inquired about it,but didn't order it, was a nice effort to make up for lack of effort, and clearly one knows that it can be credited for an extra tip on top of the 20- but it's times like this I wished I didn't have my industry hat on, because it wasn't well deserved.To compliment the hard work and craft of these chefs, the service really needs to be at the same caliber, and it made this experience so hard to swallow. Would I go back? Absolutely for the food, but it's been months since, and my reluctance seems to have gotten the best of me.
We went to the "friends and neighbors" opening last week and it was great. Wine was flowing freely, small bites to go along with the wine, staff was super accommodating and nice, introduced themselves - all in all, a terrific first impression. We decided to go back to check it out "for real". Hated everything about the dinner service tonight, from the android-like bartender, to the humorless host, to the rib eye cooked grey on the outside and bloody on the inside, to the bill: $70 per person?! I don't think so, guys... My friend ordered the beet appetizer and her plate looked like a Picasso - is this the eye? Where's the nose?  it was a GREAT soft opening, I totally agree. They didn't show any of that warmth or welcoming tonight. We got there at 5:15. First ones there asking for a spot for two. The host was cautious about offering us even the bar. Which is fine for me and Anne as we usually love chatting up the bar folk. Managers and Supervisors of some sort were hovering around staff making EVERYONE uncomfortable. My friend's appetizer promising "burratta" had less than 1 tsp on the plate (said plate measuring about 3 inches in diameter) for $8.And why not try to schmooze with people who actually choose you in your first two weeks of opening? The coldness was rampant except for the one gal with the glasses who we all liked the night of the soft opening.I won't be rushing back. Miss Luella. Period.
Atmosphere is cozy and minimalist. Wine selection was excellent.Unfortunately, the food was A-OK. Pork belly appetizers were good. Unfortunately, the duck pate and duck breast entree weren't as tasty. The deconstructed apple pie dessert was forgettable.
Simply perfection.The staff is top notch, we were blown away by the entire team. They were all so incredibly sweet. The service was impeccable. The food was delicious and creative. Most of the menu were dishes I have never seen before and every single item we ordered was delightful! I 100% suggest you go here! If I lived in SF, I would def be a regular.
Simply put this place is outstanding. The food was so good that if no one was watching I would have licked the plates...no lie.What really was even better than the food was the service. We were fortunate enough to have Danielle as our server. She was spot on for recommendations and exceptional timing of her service. Living in the East Bay what I notice is people are willing to accept sub par customer service. I would clone her and show these restaurant owners this is how it's done.What a great combo, we can't wait to go back!!
Nice spot! The food had great presentation, flavor and texture. Da burga was good and had a nice zing that came with the pickled cabbage. The tots that came with da burga were a little to flavorful, overly bacony. I could only eat one...The Egg n a hole lasagna was tasty and the presentation elegant. One negative aspect of this restaurant is the limited menu. I think they should add a few more dishes or at least have nightly specials. Over all this place is definitely worth a visit.
*4.5 stars*I really feel that I need to stop saying this with each new restaurant that I try because each time I say it, it lowers my credibility, but for some reason, it keeps being true: this is my favorite new restaurant in SF. These new restaurants have been KILLING it in San Francisco recently and there hasn't been a more exciting time to be trying new places in the city. Stones Throw is just the most recent addition to this list and, for the most part, it stands triumphant.The decor is ultra-minimal (feels like an art gallery without the art), the atmosphere is intimate yet lively, and the service is INCREDIBLE. Perhaps it's just the honeymoon stages of a new restaurant (before exhaustion and tenure lead to jaded indifference), but every employee that we came into contact with was cheerful, friendly, and absolutely on-point. Even the busboys were chatting up a storm with us, asking us our favorite dishes thus far and adding in their recommendations. I'll call out our server, Dave L, specifically, because he was awesome -- our wine and water glasses were always filled; his food descriptions were excellent; and he was honest with us about a couple of dishes to avoid for the night (which I always appreciate).-----------------------------FOOD:Puffed Potato & Egg = GREAT. Nice crisp, delicious subtle flavor.Duck Pate w/ Pretzel = GREAT. Smooth and creamy pate, nice salty touch from the pretzel.Squid Ink Pasta = EXCELLENT. Never had squid ink pasta shells (it's usually in spaghetti or paella form), but this is amazing for squid ink lovers.Grilled Octopus = GOOD. Good flavor but wasn't grilled enough. I prefer the grilled octopus at Mason Pacific.Pork Belly Salad = EXCELLENT. Perfectly cooked crispy pork belly with a nice sweet kick from the pickled onions."Da Burga" with Loaded Tater Tots = EXCELLENT. Love the oily brioche bun; the meat was a juicy and perfectly-cooked medium rare; and the loaded tater tots were addicting as hell.Grilled Rib-Eye = OKAY. This was the one truly disappointing dish of the night -- the rib eye wasn't very tender and the flavors were actually pretty boring. I wish I had listened to my gut and went with the duck that everyone raves about.-----------------------------DESSERTS:I was on the fence with the desserts because even though I understand and appreciate their idea of adding a fancy twist to old childhood favorites, some of them just didn't really work. In particular, the "Not Your Grandma's Apple Pie" is a complete deconstruction and then molecular gastronomic reconstruction of "apple pie" -- so instead of a warm, crumbly apple pie, it's a cold apple-flavored pot de creme with a crispy wafer roll. It wasn't that the flavors weren't good (they were), but it's just not what I was expecting and I think the dessert is done a disservice by being compared to an apple pie.The PB&J donuts were good, but the donuts weren't airy enough. The Oatmeal Cream Pie didn't really stick out as memorable either -- it just tasted like an overly-sweet... well yeah... Oatmeal Cream Pie.-----------------------------Stones Throw has the potential to be one of the best American Contemporary restaurants in SF. It has the talent, the service, the menu, and actually quite reasonable prices. If it weren't for the Rib Eye and the strangely uninspired desserts, I would've easily given this place a resounding 5 stars. I'll definitely be back though, and I'm pretty confident that once it gets it's gears going, Stones Throw is going to be among the very top of the SF restaurant food chain.
An awesome dining experience! We came around 5pm on a Saturday night and were seated at the bar. The hostess was very attentive and was able to seat us at a table. From the waiter, service, drinks, and food it was all very enjoyable. The food was outstanding...We tried mostly what people on yelp recommended and it was all delicious and innovative from the potato puff and duck pate and squid ink pasta. If you are a beer lover, they also have a humongous selection of beers local and international.
What a great replacement for Luella on Hyde St.The burger is one of the best I've had... very flavorful.Also excellent service, wine/beer list.
A great weekend brunch option. Nice vibe, good service and food. I liked the unique decor. Go on the earlier side, though, they were out of three menu options by the time we arrived late afternoon.
One of the best meal in sf in a while! So glad the restaurant in sf is finally stepping up again. From start to finish not a disappointing dish. Great services, creative dishes, great taste , and good presentation.We ordered:Duck pate- 3.5/5- good flavor, great use of mustard. Nothing I would crave, so the end.Potato puffery egg-4.3/5- taste a bit like Chinese dim sum. A mix between turnip cake, taro puff, and dry shrimp bites. Yum!!!Pig ear& pork belly- 4.4/5 I mean it's pork belly.Squid ink paste- 4.5/5 good portion of seafood. A tad salty for me but everyone loved it. Another must dish. Hazelnut ravioli- 4.6/5 hazelnut never tasted so good. Just do it. Duck- 4.5/5 duck breast was good but the thigh was amazing. I had an moment. For that one piece alone I would order again with no hesitation. Crepe- 4.3/5 for someone who doesn't care for cheese, I was sold.Apple pie- 4.6/5 a creative version of deconstructed apple pie. when every component of the dish is in your mouth, it becomes true my reminds you of your childhood( wait, I'm from hong kong, we don't do American apple pies there...)We already made 2 more reservations over the next 2 months. With new restaurant popping up every week in sf, this is a bold statement.
Just had the most AMAZING meal at Stone's Throw! Highlights of the meal were the duck liver pate, squid ink conchiglie, salmon with chanterelle mushrooms & creamsicle panna cotta! Service was top notch! Chef Jason Halverson & Ryan Cole's team is on top of their game. Thanks for a wonderful evening!
I had a reservation here with a friend for 8:30pm. When we arrived the place was packed and we waited for about 30 minutes past our reservation time. Luckily the manager, sensing that this situation could irritate potential customers, brought us out some complimentary champagne to make the wait go by faster. My friend and I shared a few items and enjoyed a bottle of wine. The service was friendly and prompt and as some other reviews stated the burger is very very good. My friend and I concluded at the end of our meal that anything and everything at Stones Throw that contains potato is a hit.
We got off to a really bad start, as we showed up on time for an 8pm reservation - which had definitely been confirmed earlier in the day - and had to wait almost an hour for our table. I was basically furious, hungover, and HANGRY as hell by the time we sat down to eat. But, we were visiting from out of town and had walked up a huge ass SF hill to get here, so waited we did.We were eventually gifted a salted beet salad, which was quite delicious. Dungeness crab salad was good but not amazing. For mains, we shared the squid ink pasta, which was quite memorable and definitely good for sharing due its incredible richness. I thought the bur-ga was a little too much in terms of salty fatty punch. Likewise, the stuffed tater tots were a bit much for me. However, not gonna lie, I eventually finished both off for breakfast without complaint. Food was surprisingly filling and portions quite generous.Probably wouldn't go back given the poor customer service and generally obnoxious dining experience, but I'll remember the squid ink pasta and beet salad fondly.
Arrived with an out of town friend for a long awaited reservation. Waiter greeted us, and offered several bottles of wine. I inquired about the wine by the glass a few times but he kept pointing to the bottle. Finally I explained my friend was not drinking and I was allowed to move forward with the single glass. You are strongly encouraged to put all of your order in at the same time. We wanted to see the portions and general feel of the food and enjoy the dinner in a slow way, so we ordered the appetizers first. He mentioned he could give us more time, and said the kitchen highly recommended that we put them all in. It was awkward and pushy enough that it was clear we wouldn't be having our whole dinner there. Honestly, I think we just rubbed him the wrong way. Two people, at his four top, 10 minutes late, starting out with appetizers and not a full bottle of wine? In my serving days, I would have been annoyed with us. So, I can only comment on the two apps I had. The puffed egg thing: This was pretty delicious and the texture was great. I think the base of the recipe could still be played around with, while keeping the main feature. The Pork Belly: In general, I try to avoid this fatty meat. However, this was absolutely divine and a treat. The flavors that went into it and each item contributed to the best taste in my mouth all day. I would recommend this place to any girl who has a man in her life who always orders this fatty meat. Four stars: +The pork belly+I think the waiter with 99% of people is gregarious and a really great person. Working with the public means every once in awhile things don't jive perfectly.+The hostess was so polite and friendly!
Sunday Brunch has never been better!!A group of 9 came and had amazing food and service. The chef prepared special dishes for strict vegans in our group, and the mimosas were delicious! It was a wonderful experience! Can't wait to come back for dinner!
Great MenuBeer Selection that is beyond Impressive.A must try on the Hyde by Green.
One of the best burgers I've ever had. Their beer selection is awesome too.
My new favorite Russian hill eatery. We started with the puffed potato and egg bites with cauliflower cream and crispy chicken skin ( party in your mouth). Next the squid ink pasta with calamari and clams (seafood goodness). 3rd course was the carrot soup with Dungeness crab (perfect creamy warmth for a rainy SF winter night). We ended the savory part of the meal with the sea bass (before they took off the menu) flavored with a wasabi cream and a vegetable medley. We managed to squeeze in the PBJ donuts (sweet heaven). A classy neighborhood spot with innovative flavorful cuisine.
No one could say the food here is not phenomenal. Every dish is a treat, from the creamy duck pate with mini pretzel rolls to the deliciously tender octopus. But the portions are tiny. The service is mediocre. And the decor feels half-finished somehow.We got off to a shaky start: We set a reservation for 8:15pm, arrived at 8:18pm, and were seated around 8:45pm. To pass the time, my friend and I asked our waiter to recommend a wine. He brought out a Chianti; I was dubious, but agreed. And unfortunately it was sweet and light -- the complete opposite of dry and full-bodied, as I'd described. At that point the manager came by to offer us champagne to apologize for the delay, but we'd ordered our drinks already. Wish he'd come by earlier...My friends and I ordered a bunch of dishes to share, to sample a bit of everything. - SALT-ROASTED BEETS WITH BURRATA = Came with 3 crackers (not ideal for our table of 4) and some minced beets mixed in with burrata. This was my least-favorite dish of the night -- a bit sweet for my taste. It was also tiny. $8- PUFFED POTATO AND EGGS = Again bite-sized, but crazy delicious. Perfectly crispy on the outside, with oozing yolk inside, served on some creamy cauliflower mousse. Wish there were a few more of these! $8- DUCK PATE AND MOUSSE = Still dreaming about this. The creamiest, most delectable duck pate ever. Unfortunately, it was served with 2 (only 2!!!!!) mini pretzel rolls. Our table of 4 had to slice each of these pretzel rolls in half so we could each get half a bite of bread. Which brings me to my next point: Why skimp on the bread? In fact, why didn't the restaurant start us out with a basket of bread? I just felt a bit ... deprived at this point, considering the prices we were paying. $8- SQUID INK CONCHIGLIE PASTA = One of the star dishes of the night. This is listed as a starter but could easily serve as an entree. The veggies were so tender, the flavor was rich and the pasta was perfectly cooked al dente. $16- GRILLED OCTOPUS = Raved about for a reason. As others have said before me, it's the the most tender octopus I've ever had. Mixed in with chorizo, lemon and white beans, it was just perfection. $16- CRISPY DUCK = Crackling skin clung to juicy (without being fatty) pieces of duck on top of moist black rice. Really tasty. $28- CHESTNUT RAVIOLO = Not as flavorful as I imagined, considering its ingredients (chanterelle mushrooms, roasted brussels sprouts and truffle butter), but still really good. But there were only two pieces of ravioli. $22Quite an expensive dinner for very little food. Honestly though, if the environment suited the prices, I wouldn't have minded. The walls were pretty bare (I understand they've only been open for 6 weeks, so I'll cut them some slack on this one), but the tacky red flooring (reminiscent to my elementary school cafeteria) was unforgivable. There was just nothing special enough about the decor or overall dining experience to justify the bill.I will give Stones Throw the benefit of the doubt. Maybe they just need a few more weeks to get their sh** together. But for the time being, the food is this restaurant's only saving grace.
Great location. Totally awesome city. I love this place. I highly recommend it. Just the sights in the surrounding area make it worth it.
Stones Throw is a fantastic new restaurant in Russian Hill. We loved everything about our experience when we went there for dinner last Saturday. The atmosphere is great and the location can't be beat. It feels like a casual and professional restaurant that you can relax at during the week and also go there for a night out on the weekend. I usually don't comment on the service first, but it was truly top notch here. Servers were helpful, attentive, and professional. It was a great combo of fine dining and a casual atmosphere.The food was amazing. Literally everything we tried I would order again. For apps we shared a few things but the highlights were the squid ink pasta and the grilled octopus. The octopus was so tender and tasty. The potato puffs and eggs were also small and a great starter to share. For entrees we had the lamb and duck. The duck was above average, the lamb was really great. The meat was so tender and I loved that they served it in thin pieces. So much flavor. The wine and beer list were extensive, whatever your interest is you will be able to find something great.As far as things to improve, we tried a few desserts. They were good but not sure if they lived up to the previous courses but by this time we were expecting a lot. It is also is a bit bare bones in the restaurant but maybe to be expected since it's so new.We will surely be back to Stones Throw. The location and atmosphere are great, perfect for San Francisco. You can tell the food is fresh and of the best quality. This is a great place.
I love that this place is right in my neighborhood. Literally a stone's throw away. Get 2 of everything on this list ;) Dinner1. Puffed potato and egg2. Duck pate and mousse3. Da burger (I didn't get this but I was eavesdropping on a couple that had it next to me and they said it was heaven) 4. Crispy North Duck 5. This cocktail with wine in it that was aaaaaamazing but I forget the nameBrunch1. Butternut squash and duck confit hashI want to go back and try everything else. Enjoy!
Amazing food! Love the food, good service!!!!! Must go there! They get a lot of drinks too!!!! Owner Cyrick is very nice! They also have a bar call fat angel at Fillmore! I love that place too!
What a great find! We decided to go outside of the current neighborhoods that we love and found this gem. Our reservation was at 9:30, we arrived on time but the table wasn't ready but they went out of their way to find us a table at the bar, uncorked our bottle for free and sent over a complimentary starter. The cauliflower mousse/potato/egg dish - it was delicious! Once we were seated we had impeccable service, lots of recommendations and superior food!! We started with the beet salad, which was refreshing...but really in a beet dish all you taste is beets. Next we shared the squid ink pasta - this was too good for words. In fact we would come back just for that. Then to the entrees, my boyfriend had the ravioli and loved it. Sweet, savory and just plain tasty. I ordered the duck...and it was easily the best duck I have ever had. Cooked perfectly with every bite better than the last. We finished with the bananas foster, which was wonderful...I'm sure I could say more about it but at that point we were done with our wine and feeling a bit warm and fuzzy.We will definitely come back and I'm sure we will enjoy it as much if not more as we try new dishes.
Great food, great service. By the end of the meal I wanted to take our sever home with us to be my best friend forever. In fact the service was so amazing it almost distracted from our delicious meal. Luckily the food was so good that it kept up with the entire awesome staff! Best anniversary yet!
Never Again!! I live less than two blocks from Stones throw, I was there for the pre opening and I have been back twice. To be sure. To be absolutely sure. Because I wanted to like this place. I really really did.But I don't. I have lots of feelings about them but like is not one of them. For the neighboorhood opening, they served appetizers, only one of which would actually be on the real menu, and that was okay, they were heavy handed with the salt but still, I couldn't wait to come back for dinner. We didn't make it back for a few months so we thought the place would be up and swinging by then. What they were was RUDE. Starting with the host, who acted like we were insulting him because we didn't have a reservation. Then he minced about like he was in physical pain trying to find a table on a Tuesday night. Really? I can see you are not full, you just ACCEPTED a reservation for 15 minutes from now in FRONT of me and I already said we would be happy to sit at the bar where there were plenty of seats. What saved the night was the food. We had some good food, not revolutionary, not overly creative, but it was good. We really liked the pate and the puffs with chicken skin. So we decided to come back and just see if it was a rude fluke and to determine if the food was something we would want again. But NO! Even MORE rude host AND bartender, who both acted like everyone in the place was more important than us. The host gave a glass of champagne and a menu to two couples who came in after us but ignored us. WTF?. We ordered drinks from the bartender who promptly ignored us to make drinks to two other people who ordered after is while we watched and waited. WTactualF? Then we ordered the tomato cream crackers and the puffs. Awful! Who is making those tomato cream disasters? The puffs were bland, no crispy chicken skin in sight which was what made them special.So food is average at best, attitudes stink and rudeness abounds. Never Again. How I miss Luella......
This place was the highlight dinner of my trip to San Francisco. The waiting staff was friendly and very knowledgeable of everything on the menu. My girlfriend is very lactose intolerant and they were able to accommodate every course for her. I think you could order anything in the menu and be pleased I would be happy eating the same meal for a month from this restaurant.
Was bummed to see Luella go - but love this new place in the neighborhood. Honestly don't remember what we had - but remember the chef being very accommodating. Wanted the burger. But they were sold out. Wanted the tots. Sold out...but they made them some how and provided to us on the house. Whatever we did have was very good.Great service, great food.
Really good food, but did not like the rushed service. I'm kicking myself for not saying something to the manager right then and there. To give an example: Was asked 4, yes 4 times in 10 minutes if we wanted dessert (we clearly hadn't even looked and were still enjoying our bottle of wine). Waiter was visibly frustrated that he couldn't turn our table and the either GM or owner who was inappropriately working front of the house, was doing the same. This put a damper on being able to enjoy the different dishes, wine, and desserts we ordered. The wine list is confusing in that it is in groupings, but no explanation of what those groupings are (Example: The header of one of the groups talks about having wine that will make you feel better after getting off of a dirty city bus...not very helpful in terms of flavor profile). Upon asking the waiter for wine recommendations, he picked 2 of the most expensive (hello...you are upselling) and then gasped when I picked something else. Dessert menu is the same. No explanation of what the desserts actually are.Very young, energetic crowd and while the space is better than Luella, it still leaves something to be desired. Quick overview:Ordered potato puffs, squid ink pasta, duck breast entree, peanut butter and jelly beignets, and their "cheese course" which was a comte crepe. The crepe was the only thing that was not good (and I love cheese). Everything else was delicious, but could have been hotter.Extensive beer and wine list. Good luck sifting through the wine list on your own (and try not to get our waiter if you want any help at all). My dinner date and I had 3 different "wine cocktails" (made with sherry, vermouth, and homemade Pimm's), they were good, but real cocktails would have been better.Overall, won't go back due to the unsophisticated service and inability to enjoy the experience. Unfortunate, because the food is really good. To put things into perspective, went to The Cavalier last week and spent more time there, but had amazing service despite the place being packed. The comparison made Stones Throw feel less about what dining out should be about: relishing in flavors and enjoying your company. Sad.
Everything tasted great! everything! This is my kind of food, beautiful presentation, exciting new flavors, small portion to try many dishes. Okay, too small because we didn't have enough and had to double order some dishes, I can probably handle a third round too. But very few places I try, I think to myself, I am definitely coming back here, but this is the one!
Good place, been here twice. Not too pricey, nice staff, good food. It's kinda fancy food that's made to feel a bit more home cooking style. Great wine list and casual ambiance. Would recommend for a small gathering of folks for a nice dinner, maybe max 4 people at a table.
We brought some good friends, visiting from out of town, for brunch a few weeks ago. (Are they still doing brunch? I hope so!) The menu seemed a bit odd at first - short and desultory, which is very weird in SF, where short menus tend to be "themed" - but now that I've tried the food I LOVE the menu! It's almost as it they were thinking "let's say 4 friends with totally different hankerings each wanted the best brunch ever" and built the menu from there!The burger was phenomenal (our friend said it was the best burger he's ever had) and (I never eat pancakes but) my friend's pancakes were huge enough fur us all to nibble on and insanely good. Love the creativity of duck confit hash! Love that this is a few blocks' walk from us!Will definitely take guests here and come on dates!
Really cute place, in a really cute part of Russian Hill. The food was mostly solid, with a lot of inventive flavors and techniques. Some dishes seemed one note flavor-wise, but I was in sort of a sweet/sour mood so it could just have been me. I also appreciated that they had such a great alcohol program. Tons of sour beers, and interesting wines - - I'm always a fan of that. In general, I thought it was totally reasonably priced for the service and quality of the food. i
Came here with my father who was, let's say, already into the night a bit. I was worn down from outside lands. But, the owner was more than accomidating, setting us up at the bar while we waited for the table. Chef sent out some mysterious foam breadsticks which were good though quite confusing. Food was good, classic trendy american fare.
I'll begin with a complaint--my feet are cold because the experience knocked my socks off. While I may have granted Stones Throw five stars, the galaxy could not contain the number of celestial orbs that this fine establishment deserves. Our dining experience was so extraordinarily exquisite that my tastebuds were unprepared for the sensuous melding of flavors. The cozy comforts of home, an exquisitely chosen wine list complete with insightful and witty writing, and the attention to detail among the skilled staff are some of the many reasons to quench your thirst and satisfy your hunger here. While it may be called Stones Throw, the distance between it and other dining halls is infinite. P.S. Get the squid ink pasta. It rocks.
Will definitely return. Stone's Throw is a great replacement for Luella.We were pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food.PUFFED POTATO & EGGS (5 stars. these were delicious. We almost placed a 2nd order they were able to make them without chicken skin for the vegetarian in our group)DUCK PT & MOUSSE (4 stars. Great for anyone who loves foie gras terrine. it's the best imitation. Pretzels - GREAT call)GRILLED OCTOPUS (5 stars. BEST. we've. ever. had. We never thought grilled octopus could be so tender)GARLIC-THYME ROASTED BEEF RIB EYE (4 stars - the guys got these. they both thought it was good. probably not best they've ever had)CHESTNUT RAVIOLO (4.5 stars. GREAT vegetarian option)SQUID INK CONCHIGLIE PASTA (5 stars. even though it's a starter, I got this for my entree and it was delicious and definitely filling enough for an entree. WIne lists surprisingly not out of $ range. Had a $56 bottle of syrah and two half-bottles of sparkling rose for only $27 each. We also brought a bottle of our own wine!
Really have enjoyed the ambiance of this cute dining experience. Food is good and so is the staff. It is unfortunate that the location is really out of the way and is really a better local dining experience for those who live in the neighborhood. Parking is nearly next to impossible because it's more than just a stone's throw away from off-street parking. Cabbing it or alternative transportation is the best way to get there.
Loved it. Had the Beets starter and the Duck Pate (with Yummy Pretzel Rolls). Followed by the every healthy Da Burga... really delicious. Finished with the Lemon Meringue... which was fantastic. Terrific atmosphere... really great, energetic staff with excellent wine selection.
I came here for my birthday dinner, and they made me feel extra special with b-day wishes and a birthday card! We had the crab and the beets & burratta for an appetizer, each were perfect sizes for 4 people to share. Everyone ordered entrees which were large and delicious. Full but not that "too full" feeling- they don't fill you up with any bread and butter at the beginning which is probably a good thing. The dessert menu left something to be desired as there was no chocolate option, but maybe that's just me! Entrees we all agreed were a thumbs up: Burger | Truffle Ravioli | Duck | Lamb ChopsI will definitely return!
Excellent food, even better service. Must orders: Beets appetizer, grilled octopus appetizer, filet entreeJust ok: root vegetable salad appetizer, crab salad appetizer, salmon entreeI would give this place five stars, but the decor is really drab, especially the floors. I will say that the service is absolutely outstanding-- we had a great waitress and the rest of the staff were very friendly and attentive.
This place is still pretty new, but already making food that is just a notch above great. Duck mousse, corn soup, were super flavorful. Ambitious and unique cocktail menu too!Curious to see what new dishes they come up with in the future...
Stones Throw is such an amazing addition to Hyde Street and SF restaurants in general. Everything we tried was so delicious and the attention to detail was spectacular. They remodeled the old space and it has a very nice clean/modern yet comfortable and approachable feel to it. FOOD:Duck Pate and Mousse - So delicious! It had a nice twist of mustard in it and served with two small soft pretzels. Very interesting and good.Sunchoke Soup: Very good! It came served with chopped up nuts and crisp apples with a farm fresh egg yolk in the bowl. The server then poured the soup over that to keep it nice and crunchy. The egg gave it a nice creamy texture.Duck: My friend ordered the duck. It was so juicy and good and I'm not even a duck fan usually. It wasn't too rich or fatty.Chestnut Raviolo: One big giant ravioli filled with goodness. It had some really great roasted root vegetables around it and some nice slices of parmesan around the plate.All of the food was impeccably served and had interesting and unique flavors in everything.SERVICE:Everybody from the hostess to every server who came to our table were very friendly, knowledgeable, and fun to talk to. You would think they have been open for several months like a well-oiled machine.Loved the menu and the descriptions of the wine. Even gave a nod to the dirty Geary 38 bus which is hilarious for us locals. Very nice well-rounded wine menu. The dessert menu were all a play on childhood favorite desserts. We were too full to try any.The only very minor detail I would like to see there are some candles on the tables. It lacked a bit of warmth from the overall lighting of the restaurant. Can't wait to go back and try more things on the menu!! Well done Stones Throw!
Small portions, over-priced, food was a C at best.
Awesome drink menu and really friendly bartenders and servers. Came here for an early dinner and drinks at the bar. The puffed potato and eggs was absolutely delicious. The creamy yolk made for a nice surprise. I could eat a million of those. My friends got the burger--they loved it. Tater tots were very crispy and tasty. I ordered the sea bass--I thought the portion was a bit small for the price--but it was very tasty and perfectly cooked. Would love to come back to try some of the other items on the menu!
Came here for the first time for dinner last weekend. The restaurant has a cozy and inviting atmosphere. The service was pleasant, but the food was great. For such a casual unassuming place, the food was such a standout. We had the duck pate and mousse which was good, not bad, but not memorable, then the grilled octopus and the lamb as my entree, both were delicious, but man, that octopus knocked my socks off it was so good. It was prepared in a Spanish style with white beans, and cooked perfectly. The not your grandma's apple pie was also an unexpected treat. The cold custard and flaky pastry were really really good, and I loved the modern take on such a traditional classic. The portions aren't very large, so I would suggest ordering a bunch of things and sharing, which is what we did.I would recommend this place for a date or to go out with a friend to catch up over a delicious meal and some strong beer (they have a good selection of beer, yum!) Overall a lovely dining experience, and will definitely be coming back!
Came by for dinner this past Friday and liked the atmosphere - very lively. The restaurant itself seems pretty standard SF yuppie (not a putdown just a statement - I'm a card-carrying member) - reclaimed wood tables, high ceilings, and those half-silver-painted clear light bulbs.The food offerings are not very vegetarian friendly and were overall hit or miss - like other reviews have mentioned, the squid ink pasta was very good (first time I've had non-linguine squid-ink pasta!). On the other hand, the grilled squid was not that great - similar to Nopa, they seem to slow cook it in a pouch (I'm know what its called but that word sounds ridiculous), turning the normally chewy octopus into more of a fish cake. No more trying grilled squid at "Contemporary American" restaurants. Finally, in keeping with the SF yuppie comment, prices are high (small dishes $8+, mains $25+, bottled beers $20+) and portions are small (we expect to order ~4 dishes per 2 people). High prices coupled with small portions and hit-or-miss dishes means while it was worth checking out once, we won't likely be back.
Yes Please!I went to Stones Throw last night and it was a great experience.For those who are looking for the quick recommendations - here were my favs:- Duck Pate - Perfect in every way. Loved the warm pretzels!- Squid Ink Pasta - if you like seafood, order this. Has a perfect kick.- Pork Belly Salad - NOMZ! Perfectly cooked Pork Belly - Any dessert - they're all deconstructed and fab. The longer review.Showed up a few minutes before my 8pm reservation. The host gave us a 'proactive apology' that there would be a delay as they were very busy along with 2 glasses of Champange.Ended up sitting down around 8:30 and staying until 11 or so.I admit that we went a bit overboard with ordering but wanted to try everything!Aside from the four items I wrote about above, we also tried...- Puffed Potato and Eggs: Good but not INCREDIBLE- Dungeness Crab Salad: Again, this was good but I probably wouldn't order again. It was a bit over seasoned in my opinion and I was hoping for pure Crab especially since it's crab season in SF!- Raviolo: I had never had a Raviolo, i.e. a giant Ravioli but this was worth trying. Very rich and hearty and something that I'd recommend sharing only because it's so heavy. - Salmon: YUM! big fan - good mix of flavors.- Da Burga: The potato tots are GREAT - yum!I look forward to heading back in 2 weeks :)
What a wonderful restaurant on green & Hyde. Every dish is visually stunning. The potato puffs filled with egg yolks, the crab mousse salad, the charred octopus, and deconstructed desserts. YumThe maitre d will be legendary. The bartending team is brilliant. The beverage list first rate, and a young Rachael Ray waitress look alike.
The menu selection is not large, food is ok, unfortunately didn't meet our expectation. We had the duck pt (our fav dish here), squid ink pasta (had many good reviews but it didn't meet my expectation due to review), grilled lamb and da burger... They are good food, but not wow. Sorry. We had high expectation after reading the reviews, but it didn't quite met it. Not your grandma's app pie was good but not wow... Sorry again. There are definitely better places to dine. Service is super though!
Amazing meal. We had four of us and were able to try almost everything. All the dishes were amazing with special call outs to the Octopus, Mushroom Ragout, and Duck Breast. Each of the dishes felt like it was truly crafted and the attention to presentation and quality came through in the taste and experience. I would highly recommend visiting if you have not and I will definitely go back.
Five dishes all fantastic. Puffed potato and egg, squid ink pasta, grilled octopus & okonomiyaki pancake, prime NY strip steak and banana foster dessert. Want to try brunch, pork belly, soup and apple dessert next time.
This place was good, not great. I think there are some good flavors within the food items, however, I would not say it was very different or unique from other restaurants within this price range. Nothing about the place was offensive or bad, but nothing stood out either. I would say they do have an above average beer list. The appetizers everyone is raving about are just so so, as is the entree (skipped dessert). For the price, I think it falls within the 3 star category as it did not distinguish itself among an increasingly crowded restaurant scene in SF. I would definitely come back, though unsure on my own accord.
This is tricky one! 4.5 stars for the food which is delicious and a 3 star for having to wait for 20+ minutes even though there was an empty table that could seat us and they were not even packed or busy.We made reservations for 3 (couple plus baby) at 12 PM on a sleepy, rainy Sunday just hours before the Super Bowl. Showed up on time and were told that the they were waiting on a table to pay so would we please wait at the bar.Ordered 1 drink and waitedThe table clearly was not leaving and 10 minutes later we were told that they were held up waiting on a to go order which didn't make any senseAll the while a 4 seat table was still empty and they still hadn't figured out if they could seat us thereFinally around 12:22 they figured out that they could give us the 4 seater and escorted us thereNo apologies. No we will comp your one drink or something. Nothing.All the service staff acted like nothing had happened as if this was to be expectedAnd the kicker - the party of 3 at the table that we were supposedly waiting to leave to be seated still hand't left when we left at 1:05Like I said food was absolutely delicious but didn't enjoy this part of the experience
I have dined at Stones Throw many times and have always experienced the food and service to be consistently terrific! Incredible wines by the glass, and amazing wines by the bottle. The octopus and cheeseburger are two of my favorite dishes. Save room for dessert! Warm, friendly atmosphere and great neighborhood location!
Nice neighborhood place!.Great atmosphere.Service was spectacular. "DA BURGA" aka DA DISASTER is amazing! Described perfectly by our wait person and pairs nicely with a Mr Pimms
Luella location is now called Stones Throw and is seriously good food. Mucho Michael Mina influences with former chef Jason Halverson plus others from Fat Angel. Pork Belly salad, Duck breast and stuffed Raviola were our choices. Pleasing wine list with several by the glass. Brunch will be coming soon and the bar area will expand so more dine-at-the-bar seating.Dined at the bar with excellent service and advice on the menu. Selection seemed light but everything is highly recommended. Ambiance a bit rustic but works for this neighborhood. Parking is challenging, take Uber or cab.
The service was great. Most of the food was delicious.This is a very nice neighborhood restaurant. The sauces stood out with wonderful flavors and interesting combinations, but some of the basics were just okay. Stellar:the hamburger (not so impressed with the tater tots)the sunchoke soupthe lemon meringue pieOver all quality of serviceMedium:steaksalmonroot saladInadequate:Debbie's oatmeal cakeThey do not serve bread with the meal even if you ask for bread.Wine recommendations are over priced considering the knowledge of the servers about the wine they are selling
Stopped by on their second night and had a grand time. The space is nice and friendly, great big floral arrangement in the center and panels on the walls that deaden the sound (how nice to be able to actually hear and have a conversation). The tables were full when we got there but we were immediately seated right at the bar seats by the window so we could people watch! Dinner and a show.Service was fantastic and attentive; everyone was really knowledgeable and friendly and it really felt like a neighborhood spot. Food was great: egg appetizer, roasted vegetables and pear salad, duck for the main course, and the standout entree raviolo (big, singular ravioli).Would highly recommend, glad we stopped by.
The food was good, but service not so good.It was a sunday (labor day weekend), and our waiter was simply in a bad mood/not friendly. I think one dines out not only for the food but also for the experience and having a good time!
The grilled octopus was super good, as was the deconstructed apple pie dessert.
Every now and then a buddy of mine and I go out and treat ourselves. Really glad I did it here. The burger sells out regularly--one bite and I get why--sooo goood. Other dishes (octopus) were excellent as was dessert. Excellent quality and presentation--value-added compared to price.I worked service industry for ~10 years. GM works extremely hard, but makes it look effortless to most and was very nice--rest of staff also very on-point. Place has a warm atmosphere versus some of the upscale dining in city leaves has left me feeling less than welcome.I'll be back.
At the end of my second dinner at Stones Throw I thought to myself that this is a wonderful place. The service is great. The food is great. The atmosphere is great. And the price is great. Roasted carrot soup with crab, vadouvan curry, citrus sections and almonds was perfection in a bowl.  And I could close my eyes and know that it was carrot soup that I was consuming, and that is the test of all vegetable based soups so far as I am concerned..Roasted root vegetable salad with pear, squash, cauliflower, and banyuls vinegar was as good as anything I have had at Greens or Millennium. And that is saying a great deal. Finally, their burger. First, they allowed me to substitute roasted vegetables for the tater tots. Thank you for being patron friendly Stones Throw. And whilst being medium rare the burger had char. That is hard to do and it made the burger superior. In fact I liked the burger here better than what I have had at Nopa or Marlowe. And again, that is saying a lot. Overall, the food served at Stones Throw is comfort food prepared by a chef with real haute chops.
We live in Davis and were in San Francisco for the evening for a concert at the Masonic. Based on Yelp reviews we decided to give this restaurant a try and were glad that we did. Our reservation was honored; the service was fantastic; and the food was delicious. Though everything was good, our favorite item was the peanut butter and jelly doughnut, it was just yummy!
The food was absolutely delicious! My friend and I went with suggestions via yelp. The potato puffs, pate, were our favorite! The pork belly and pig ears, minus the baby food puree were delectable! We also got the squid ink risotto, but it wasn't our favorite. Those peanut butter and jelly doughnuts though...swoon.
This is the best restaurant I have been to in San Francisco for a few reasons. 1) The food is phenomenal. I had the duck pate, squash ravioli, corn risotto, and smore's dessert. It was all incredible. 2) Great wine, beer, and cocktail selection.3) The wait staff was the perfect balance of being attentive yet not being invasive4) The Head Chef made a point to come out to our table to greet us since it was our friend's birthday.
Stones Throw has a highly curated selection of quaffs and Michelin quality cuisines with an equally attentive and friendly staff - which makes sense given that the owners also run Fat Angel. If you haven't been to either, you're really missing out.
Friendly atmosphere, delicious food. I had the Lamb roast and my friend had the vegetable lasagna. The lamb was a greek fusion delight with olives and meyer lemons. Very fresh and nicely paired with the heavy meat. My friend's vegetable lasagna was great with Ducelles mushrooms stealing the show.Would go back again.
I'm still basking in the glow of last night's dinner...Quick, get your reservation and eat here before the whole city finds out about it!We ordered:Duck Pate and Mousse - What an awesome dish to start with.Octopus - WINNER! This one was the BEST. We couldn't stop ymmmmm-ing.Duck- So tasty. My second favorite.Raviolo- The most savory and flavorful of them all.Roasted beef ribeye - I'm sure if it didn't have to compete with all of the above it would have been really good.Drinks: Great wine and beer menu (no cocktails)Overall - great great food. Ambience was just right - not too loud, not uptight. Good service. My friends and I all agreed we would all come back again for sure.
Creative ExcellenceIt's about time we had a fresh approach to food preparation in SF. This new bistro is fantastic with so many original recipes to traditional fare, for example: the squid ink conchigli pasta prepared with spicey capers, clams, calamari, shrimp & greens was the best tasting spaghetti I have enjoyed in years (I'm from the north end of Boston); and it was a perfect size. Everything on the menu is really excellent, which is posted online. It is a cable car ride on Hyde to corner of Green; a must dinner in SF.Visited September 2014
Had just about everything on the menu. Standouts were corn risotto, pork two ways (esp. the tankatsu) and duck pate w/ soft pretzel roll (3 to an order so you make sure you can have two). Love the environment. Cozy and casual. Sat at table but would have gladly ate at bar. Many wines and beers available.
Loved both brunch and dinner. Everything was good!
This is a Don't miss spot if you are in San Francisco. The octopus is fantastic and prepared perfectly. We had the pan-seared salmon and prime beef ribeye for our entrees and they were so good. Fresh, farm-to-table style restaurant with excellent cocktail choices too. Staff was so friendly and attentive. Would high recommend!
Incredible food, hospitality, and decor. We had the pork belly and squid ink pasta for appetizers and these were heavenly. For the main course we had the steak and duck and topped it off with the deconstructed bananas foster. Wow! The hostess and our waitress were so friendly and paid an enormous attention to detail.One of our best dining experiences in this city. We were recommended this restaurant by a friend and can now see why - we've been raving to our friends!
Slightly overrated. Granted we sat down with high expectations, the only memorable plate was the pork belly appetizer.
Stones throw was a great meal! For starters, the pork belly dish was divine! It wasn't really a salad, nonetheless it was delicious and had a great flavor contrast. We also had the octopus as a starter- and it was cooked to perfection! For dinner, we had the chestnut ravioli and duck. Both were unique and full of flavor. Lastly, I really liked how they had their wine lost organized. It was easy to read and creatively put together.
Pretty good overall. The space needs a little work (at least add some more art to the walls) because it's a little too stark for my taste. Now on to the food:Puffed potato: This starter was not nearly as good as other yelpers said, in my opinion. Lacked flavor.Duck pate: Great dish, and I don't even like pate!Octopus: My friend said it was very good compared to other octopus she's had, not too toughSquid ink pasta: Highlight of the night for me but be aware that it has a slight kick to it, if you don't like spiceArctic char: Cooked perfectly, root vegetables on the side also goodOatmeal cream pie: Boring, not happy with this dish. In addition, while I like the idea of the "homemade dessert re-imagined," I would like a better description on the menu. For example, I was about to order the apple pie until the waiter happened to mention that it has a panna cotta texture. If the restaurant continues to change the menu with the seasons, I will definitely be back!PS While I like the neighborhood trivia on the menu, there have been unofficial reports that Filbert is in fact not the steepest street in SF.
We visited Stones Throw, expecting it to be overhyped--but it was simply amazing!Of the things that we ordered, I'd am still salivating over the following because there was a surprising element to each of the following:Potato & EggPatePork BellySquid Ink Pastaand Lasagna.I'd skip the following--they are good but did not exceed expectations:SalmonDuckBeignets
Expectation was high because price was high. Two star because expectation was not met. Overall food was disappointing, portion was small, service was good, drink selection was good. Did I mention price was high?Ambience of dining hall is nice; restroom is really old and filthy.Unlike most restaurants, Stone's Throw does not give you any complimentary bread.Puffed Potato & EggThe balls are interesting. The cauliflower and crispy chicken skin shavings on the plate did not enhance the dish. Chicken skin was not crispy. The shavings were cold.Squid Ink ConchiglieThe best dish of the whole evening. Each ingredients bring on a distinctive flavor and blend well with other ingredients. I wish all the dishes are like that.Pork Belly and Crispy Pig EarsPork belly reminds me of roast pork from China town, only more tender and without the crispy skin. Pig ears were deep fried until it's hard and crunchy. Crisy? Yes. Special? No. Feels rather gimmicky actually.Corn soupYou get about a tea cup size for $12. Crispy Duck Breast & Rillette "Taquito"The taquitos were cold inside, probably because they were made ahead of time and just not heated through before serving.Prime NY SteakCompetent, good quality meat. The sides were uninspiring.Fava RavioliThe ravioli was filled with grinded up fava bean, the dish was decorated with whole fava bean, with a light green sauce made of fava bean and butter. Overall rather bland. I would not cook like this at home. Why do I want to pay $22 for 4 of these ravioli?It was so bad that we decided to skip dessert and go somewhere else. Definitely not what I had hope going to a $$$ restaurant.I feel that this restaurant is following some formula trying to maximize its profit with least amount of work. Cool decor. Fusion recipe. Nice presentation. Good service. Portions were small so you can order more dishes. Most dishes were made ahead in big batches and simply assembled right before serving. Food comes really fast so they can turn the table over quickly. If I am paying $20 per head, I'd have enjoyed this place for a quick meal with a creative menu. But when it costs $50 per head, what was delivered was surely disappointing.
Delicious appetizers and beer selection. Great for big groups - where they can set you up with a prix fixe menu and make sure you leave with a full stomach. Also excellent customer service all around.
Great place. Suggested by a friend of mine, and can't say enough good things. Great service, great food, great Wine program, great ambiance. Definitely going back.
Impressive beer list and the food is amazing! The owners and the staff make you feel like they truly care. What I can't get over is how the server (Danielle) remembered my name, what I ate and the sage sour that liked (omg!!!) High end stylie dining in an easy, relaxed and inviting atmosphere. My kind of place!
My Baby Shower brunch was held here in March. The staff were attentive and friendly; the food arrived family style at the perfect times and the drinks kept flowing. We had two vegans in our party and the chef even came out to check on us. Outstanding experience!
This place is AMAZING! You must try if you have not yet been there. I live in this neighborhood and it is full of people everyday! Make a reservation if you are going.Everyone is friendly and the food is so so so yummy!! For this price, it is very high value and I will definitly go back frequently.Here are my favorite:Snack...DUCK PT & MOUSSE Starter...SQUID INK CONCHIGLIE PASTA Main...CRISPY 38 NORTH DUCK BREAST Dessert...APPLE PIEStone Throw begins to serve Sundy Brunch too. I heard it is good! It is on my schedule for this Sunday....:)
New Restaurant in the neighborhood!! It's great,,,yummy food, wine cocktails were excellent. The egg potato puffs we divine. Also had pork belly,,deeliciousss. Chestnut Ravioli, very fall and rustic. Duck,,nice as well. Dessert was a banana chocolate love fest,,,holy shit it was so good. We will be back,, thank you.Sat at bar,,service was great. I only wished we were included in their safety meeting ;)
Really awesome place. We had some great desert wines and tried the pork belly/pork ears which were fantastic. Loved their deserts, very creative. Definitely going back.
This place feels like it's always been in the neighborhood fold. A warm welcome with genuine smiles from the professional staff. Decor isn't over done like so many hip Spots on the revolving door of Valencia St. This place isn't a four barrel taxidermy knock off wanna be salvaged wood over priced SF fortnight foodie venture. Serious talent and passion for imaginative and perfectly executed dishes. Spotless service from folks who could be your neighbor and treat you as if you are :) I was really impressed!!! Everyone must try this place before it's too crazy busy. Order the octopus, potato yolk thingys, the pate, fuck it order everything!
Lovely neighborhood restaurant ! Parking can be tricky, Uber is a good alternative.Service was excellent and food was very good.Beets. good but just a bit under seasonedCrab Salad,outstandingSunchoke soup, greatRoot vegetable salad, good but would have been better without the pear in itKing Salmon (in December ?I but they said it was fresh , tasty but a tad overdone.(Maybe it was frozen ?) But nonetheless it was good.but not excellent.Lemon meringue pie, very tasty.Wines by the glass were decent except for the French Peillot, either open too long or just plain not good.Overall it was a very pleasant dining experience . Also considering they have been open for less than a month. Sure it will get even better in the future.
5+stars!! Amazing addition to the Russian Hill neighborhood. Great menu selections in addition to an extensive beer menu and wine. Chestnut raviollo was a favorite! Not to forget, a very hospitable crew! Must visit!!
Food is absolutely excellent. The service was fantastic. Only 3 stars because the portions are so small we all left still very hungry. The beef main was so tiny I laughed when they brought it out. I wish I had taken a picture. I was also disappointed that they didn't have regular soda. Not everyone drinks.
all i saw was a sea of hot white dudes with hot asian brawds all with nice jackets. I'm a mediocre looking awkward irish mexican that came with my brother wearing gap sweaters. my butthole clinched up when i ordered a beer.when i sat down the service was lovely, but the food was godly.duck pate with a mustard type mouse with the most beautiful pretzel bread, all of which reminded me of growing up, but with such delicate and rich flavors all of which i will never forget.squid ink pasta that was nice and rich, almost reminded me of a seafood fruit de mar but more delicate and wonderful.the pork belly and crispy pig ears: ok ok pork belly, so prosaic. but pig ear? f yo shit. surprisingly light for such a dish, and a wonderful crunch along with the richness. jesus fucked budah to make this dish, he left out muhammad because of the pork, but whatevers, he's got enough followers as it is.finished with some banana dessert that sucked dick, but whatever, we were in san francisco. when in rome.
Amazing food, drinks and service! Have the potato egg puff small bites to start, the avocado/ procuitto/tomato salad and the bananas foster brownie dessert. Eric was an awesome server and one of the owners, Ryan, was so welcoming. We'll return when in S.F again!
The food.... what can I say? I don't typically order pate but theirs is rich and creamy and sinfully delicious. The puff potato and eggs were something I want to consume every day of my life. Pork belly salad = life changing. Raviolo .... Epic. And THEN let's discuss the oatmeal cream pie: Totally my new favorite dessert in SF. Love it. Our server really made us feel like we were having a meal experience and why the food was prepared and plated the way it was as if we were part of the process. Fantastic wine and beer list. They really hit it out of the park from day one! Can't wait to return.
This is my new favorite restaurant.  We had the squid ink pasta, mushroom ragout, potato & egg and octopus appetizers.  They were all good, but do yourself a favor and have the squid ink pasta and octopus! I hate these things normally, but this place makes the pasta look so appetizing and the octopus is so tender, it's amazing! I couldn't resist a taste which eventually turned into almost finishing both dishes :P. My friend had "da burga" which came with the best tater tots I've ever had. My husband had the ribeye, which was perfectly prepared, and I had the pork tenderloin with pork belly spatzle.  We finished with the donuts, smores and pavlova desserts which were all delicious.  It's pretty unusual to find a place that does all three courses equally well and doesn't disappoint as the dinner progresses. This place has it all. To top it off, they have an extensive beer menu. I had the Dieu du Ciel Rigor Mortis which went well with everything, in addition to having a high enough ABV to make it worth the calories ;).
I can say, AMAZING. The food, people, plating, space.Just beautiful.
I came here for my birthday dinner and it was an overall awesome experience. Food and service were 5 stars and the staff was really sweet and personable. They even sent out a birthday dessert for me! I am so glad that I live down the street because I will be back again, and again and again!
This place is in one word AMAZING. The staff (Tai especially) are fantastic, can't say enough about the food and cocktails. Truly a great spot. Keep up the great work!!!
LOVE the vibe at this place along with the deliciously fresh and filling brunch food. The service is exceptional especially when dining with a small infant (we have been there twice already with our baby) as everyone working there caters to making you feel relaxed, not rushed and welcomed into their restaurant. I'm not easily impressed with most restaurants but this one has my heart as they know how to run a restaurant and keep their customers coming back for more! As for the food, the Kale salad is a favorite and the Brioche is so incredibly scrumptious! I can't wait to dine there again!
Such a good place!! All the food was unique and delicious. Got the sweet corn soup, octopus appetizer and duck main entree....all so good! Also try the strawberry shortcake dessert with rhubarb!
I rarely come to the Russian hill area and was happily surprised at the cute neighborhood feel. Stones throw is a small neighborhood place, and the whole vibe goes well with the area. The space is small, and the bar area isn't too big, so definitely make a reservation! Warning: parking can be a bit tricky around here. We were seated as soon as our whole party arrived.Wines were very reasonably priced. We started with a half bottle of a sparkling brut rose at $27, then 2 full bottles of Pinot noir (a lighter California one to start, then a more full bodied French one for the more substantial dishes). Each bottle was around $50, which I found reasonable.Onto food:- Potato puffs: a light airy potato ball with runny egg yolk inside??? Why are there only 4 per order ? We debated getting another order as dessert - Pork belly and crisped pig ear: the curry really made the dish. It had lots of textures and colors and is one of those dishes where you really want the perfect bite with all the components - Squid Ink pasta: I kind of wish the pasta had a bit more of a bite, and a little crunch would have been nice for this dish, but the pasta itself was a beautiful black color, and the flavors were subtle and nice - Grilled octopus: grilled nicely, not overdone, good char. White beans are fine, but the chorizo bits underneath were amazing - Scallops: seared sweet with lots of spring vegetables on the side; this was a great lighter dish - 38 North duck breast and thigh: tender, not too gamey, mild Asian flavors with black rice and vegetables. I usually don't like duck, but this one wasn't bad- Toad in the hole lasagna: basically we got this for the confit egg yolk. The lasagna itself could have used more salt and was a bit soft, but the Parmesan crisp on top made up for it. If only there were more of that crisp... (We debated asking for more....)Desserts: you're instructed to write your own favorite treat on the menu, and if your idea is picked for try next rendition of the menu, they bring you back for free dessert !- Lemon meringue: tart, I liked the berry with it. It was smooth and light overall- Apple pie: interesting version with apple granita, panna cotta, and a crisped straw on top- Chocolate bananas foster: this was the best dessert by far. Milkshake in chocolate, chocolate cake, amazing warm bananas with rum sauce which helps to melt the ice cream and milk shake so that it's one gooey hot and cold dessert. This was probably one of my favorite desserts in SF Overall, it's very low key. Our server had a great sense of humor. The tables are tighter along the sides of the restaurant, but the center is nice and open for a view of the kitchen. Prices weren't bad.Again, love the neighborhood feel. Beer and wine only.
I've gone to Stones Throw 3 times within the span of 2 weeks. It's a great find. My friend had taken me there for my birthday, and I couldn't get enough. The staff is so friendly, and the food is FANTASTIC. I'd like to call those potato puffs a "orgasm in a ball." I could eat about 3 orders to myself! I mainly eat vegetarian, but when I'm in group settings I don't like to impose my eating habits upon others, so I try the seafood and meat dishes.  I usually order the mushroom lasagna all to myself! It's not your traditional saucy lasagna. Quite modern, actually, with thin beautifully layers of pasta and mushrooms. MMM!! You'll have to try for yourself. I can't really specify which dishes to order, because then you'll be ordering the entire menu! You can't go wrong with any of the dishes.
We had an absolutely fabulous meal here. I loved everything but the octopus appetizer really stood out. They don't have a hard liqueur license but their wine and beer selection is impressive. The wine cocktails are quite clever and really spot on. It is a bit of an irony because it is one of the oldest standing building in the area because it survived the earthquake and fires because it was a warehouse for the largest supply of whiskey on the west coast.
This place was jumpin on a Friday night, but calling ahead helped so that we didn't have to wait too long before being seated at the window/bar. The menu changes frequently, so my friend was a little disappointed they didn't have the ravioli she loves. She opted for the lasagna instead and was satisfied, but perhaps there are a few dishes they should consider making permanent staples. I had the duck breast, cooked perfectly and delicious (it came with a duck taquito that they should have skipped). But honestly my favorite dishes were the tomato cream wafer appetizer (so unique) and bananas foster dessert. Service was stellar. I would likely be a regular if I lived in the neighborhood. Be prepared to drop some cash, because it is pricey; the only real downside.
Usually cuisine that aspires to mix Asian, Latino and Italian flavors together fail miserably but not at Stones Throw. The food is delicate, rich and creative -- but it's not for people who are better suited for a hot dog eating contest.The squid ink conchiglie pasta is unlike anything in Italy but works really well with its unique blend of flavors.The grilled octopus okonomiyaki is nothing like what you'd find in Japan, but is improved and enhanced with its smoky bacon dashi and other unique condiments.The duck breast taquito is also suitably inspired: delicious, succulent, very lean duck with a wonderful pistachio butter. Absolutely great!We'd definitely go back again and again, but found the chocolate bananas foster a little uninspired and cloyingly over sweet.The service is absolutely outstanding.
Unbelievable, far exceeded my expectations. A pro ex-Michael Mina team is serving up the most current, creative fare I've had north of California St. in years.
You're in for a treat for a delicious, exciting and RICH dinner. Everything is decadent and delicious. Our waiter oversold the duck mousse; it was delicious but definitely not the best I've had. I loved the French's Mustard gelee on top, however. The highlight of the meal was by far the Squid Ink Conchiglie pasta. It's so briny and flavorfoul; I could've had a big bowl of that and been happy. Service was very good, with the potential to be great. Can't wait to go back!
Great ambience - very low key and relaxed. The service was excellent and everyone was very friendly. The food is outstanding - must try the puffed potato and eggs (so good we ordered two) and the crispy duck breast and duck taquito.
Hosted my son's 21st Birthday here this weekend. We were a part of 7 so food was served family style. It gave us opportunity to try everything. Squid pasta, duck, pork belly and the steak were my favorites. Amazing top to bottom. Ryan worked with us on the menu in advance and the wine selections he recommended were wonderful and reasonably priced. The peanut butter and jelly beignets and banana foster desserts were to die for! This is a great spot. Staff was amazing and I would definitely come back again.
Love, love, love this restaurant! It's my new favorite - went last weekend & the service is phenomenal, and the food's even better. Our waitress made great recommendations, was so nice and the atmosphere is great. Squid ink pasta as a starter was amazing & the duck breast entree was melt in your mouth... and it didnt stop there, the dessert was heaven! Plus I loved being able to suggest my favorite childhood dessert for a new menu item too. Can't wait to try for brunch!! - only thing is it's only beer & wine, I'm such if they had the license their cocktails would be out of this world too!
Went here for the first time even though they've been open six months.  The appetizers and main courses are creative and really good.   Decor is cool, bar in front, tables in back.  All with good lighting.   Wine list is not bad and reasonably priced. Overall very tasty and a good experience.  Nice job by these owners.
This was quite possibly the best restaurant experience I've had anywhere. EVER. The food was exquisite, and the staff polite and helpful without being obsequious. I only wish I lived in San Francisco, because I would be a VERY frequent customer.
Food ranged from OK to Good. Portion sizes were on the smaller side. Thought it was overpriced. Not a great value.
Went here for my birthday. My farro was undercooked. We asked for a coke but the waitress forgot. Also, we had an appetizer that was really under seasoned and not very memorable. On the positive side, the duck was very good and so was the crab salad. Oh, and the octopus. I'll be back soon to try them again.
We live in Russian Hill and had been wanting to try this place for awhile. Decided to take a risk and just walk in on a Friday evening. The place was packed! It was never like this when it was Luella. We give our name to the hostess and she says she'll call if a spot opens at the bar. We mosey on down to Bacchus Wine Bar to wait it out and I tell my husband there's no way we'll hear from them.Lo and behold, the hostess (I think her name was Tyler?, she was blond and nice) actually calls and tells us 2 spots are opening up at the bar soon. Just her calling us on a Friday night impressed the hell out of me. Long story short - the 2 women we were waiting for to leave so we could eat at the bar didn't leave for over an hour! We just hung out, had a glass of wine, and pointedly looked at them occasionally. Finally, we sit at the bar - nice and roomy - no one crowding us. Ordered the squid ink pasta - amazing, fresh, interesting flavors, highly recommend. The ricotta salad - really terrific flavors, all green, yummy little bursts of flavor in every bite. The NY Steak - again, it just tasted SO good. We made sure to save room for dessert b/c I saw someone order the bananas foster and it smelled so good I ordered salad for my meal so I would have room for it. Turns out that dessert was the BEST DESSERT we've ever had. It was phenomenal. I would go back every night just for the dessert.We're happy as clams because the food was so good and the hostess and rest of staff really treated us well. Then, we get the bill. And it just gets better because they comped us 2 glasses of wine, a dessert, and gave us a 10% neighbor discount. Above and beyond what they needed to do.I can't wait to go back. They know how to treat patrons, especially locals, the food was so much better than some of the overhyped restaurants I've been to recently, and you actually felt like it was a good value. Can't wait to try brunch! Well done, Stones Throw and thanks to the wonderful hostess who really made our experience and represented the restaurant so well.
Outstanding. Came in here on a hunch since it's been in the neighborhood and a visit seemed overdue. The atmosphere was more casual than I expected, but the food was second to none. Great portions, great variety - service was good but not super attentive, perhaps a bit of room for improvement there. But basically a top notch experience, we'll be back!
Not only is the place great overall, but they were really nice to us when I started to feel sick during our short wait. Thank you for that.
Best meal I've had in a long time! Fantastic neighborhood restaurant. Loved every thing we ate. Everyone was very friendly. Can't wait to go back!! Pt - amazing! Squid ink pasta was divine!!! Best duck I've ever had!
We went here the first week it opened and I couldn't be more pleased to have them in my neighborhood! Oodles of yummy small plates and the burger was amazing. It's a tiny bit cold but have a glass of wine and everything's good.
we came here for dinner recently based on the yelp reviews and we were pretty disappointed.. the appetizers and mains are quite small and pricey for what you getpork belly and pig ears was ok.. grilled octopus had a nice char but in no way was worth 16 bucksmy lamb was relatively bland and was dry (probably overcooked)my wife's duck crispy but was gone after a couple bites..
Great food!  The duck pate and the pork belly are standouts.
Good stuff.
Just amazing ! The service was perfect and the food delicious ! Can't wait to go back on Thursday with some new friend! I had taken other friend last time and they already went back! I am looking forward for the octopus! And this time I will try "da Burga" !If you are looking for a new gem for foodies you have it right there!See you soon !Sebastien Oxner
A very nice restaurant. Had a heck of a time parking (!) but the hostess held the table. Very friendly staff. Had the roasted beet salad, grilled octopus, puffed potato, and rib eye. Nicely prepared and presented, steak was great. The potatoes could have used some depth of flavor but were a kick anyway. An enjoyably eclectic beer list, and a couple of good deserts. Aside from the high level of noise, this is a success. Will go again. Suggest taking a cab!
Delicious! Great cozy spot with delicious food, great wine and beer, and impeccable service.
I am a yelper that only yelps when I have a great experience, and so I did at Stones Throw! The friendly vibe is my favorite part about this spot. Drinks and food are both top notch. Great all around!!!
Came here on a Saturday night and had made a reservation. Unfortunately we still were left waiting for about 30 minutes before we were seated. hmm...isn't this why you make reservations?? on the positive side, the food was absolutely delicious. The appetizer with crab salad, the carrot/ginger soup, root vegetable salad all so good and with fresh ingredients. one stand out was the octopus appetizer dish, they really knocked it out of the park with excellent flavors. I believe I tried a lamb dish as an entree which was also excellent. washed it all down with a nice cabernet. Unfortunately, the food took soooo long to come out, and the wait was so long even after the reservation was made, that it was a bit off-putting. I don't think I will be hurrying back, but I'm glad I tried it. Also the ambiance/decor is very nice, it's a good special date place for sure.
Interesting restaurant. Left feeling like I needed more. The food was definitely high quality, service was fine and menu was enticing. The duck was fantastic, and would definitely recommend. I think I need to return for another dining experience to possibly consider a higher rating.
Excellent place for appetizers and be stingy on ordering the main course. Their appetizers and small plates are THE BEST!!!
This place is amazing, I just wish it were in my neighborhood!
Excellent food, attentive service, great ambiance, possibly the best burger in the city. Negatives: no takeout, heavy fare, no full bar.
This restaurant has delish food! I was very pleased and our waitress was honestly the best. She was super sweet and attentive and had great recommendations!The only 1 wierd thing about this place is the decoration, the tables remind me of cheap picnic tables which I found odd, but I dont go to restaurants for table quality so its really not a big deal to me at all.
It is always nice to leave from a restaurant and feel content. Stones Throw is one of these places. The food- both in presentation and quality- is outstanding but what is equally impressive is the service, professional, friendly and warm. These are the qualities that will make you wanna come back to this restaurant. Keep up the good work guys.
Good food but nothing special that would draw me back. Just feels like another one of the newish SF restaurants sprouting everywhere. Menu is sparse. Beer menu extensive. No cocktails which is a big downside. Decor is lacking. Thought the tater tots and duck pate were highlights.
Wow- excellent service here, and really beautifully presented, delicious food. It's hoppin' but the staff is on their game, cool and gracious. The menu layout is smart and the beers! Oy. We loved the beets and the octopus, and the duck pate made my moms eyes kind of roll back in her head. Lamb, cod and duck entrees all tops. Easy A+.
My experience at Stone's Throw was one I will remember for a while! Our server and those who visited our table were each incredibly knowledgable of the incredible food and equally as patient and friendly. The menu was ideal - concise - with plenty of variety and descriptions assuring each would be amazing. Our table consumed each of the appetizers listed as well as several main courses and the majority of the desserts. The highlight was probably the surprising and fresh take on apple pie! This is a must for foodies, and great for special occasions.
Everything we had here (which was most of the menu) was delicious and our waitress was so sweet. Recommend dung. crab salad, burger, potato & egg, duck pate with pretzels. Yummm. I will definitely be back.
Made reservations and had no problem being seated on a Sunday evening. Though, service was slow the entire evening as people started to file in. More than half the dishes we had were just ok. Perhaps this might have to do with the anticipation of waiting for quite some time before our next dish came out and it not meeting our hungry expectations? I dunno. I would rate this 3.5 stars for two dishes and friendly staff. This would be a place to come for a couple of dishes and variety of beer. The dishes that were either just ok or underwhelming were sweet corn soup (what about a little bit of liquid smoke for another dimension of flavor?), warm pork belly & crispy pig's ear (grilled peaches were the star, rather than the meat), pan seared salmon (lacked salt to bump the flavor), duck breast (flavors and textures seemed like they would work together but ended up being disjointed on top of the inconsistent salting or lack thereof on the duck breast), da burger ($16 for a burger -- you can make an awesome one at home or get an awesome, simple, tasty, no frills cheeseburger at Garaje for $6-$8), pb & jelly donuts (gourmet beignet, but denser than I would have liked. Needed more and/or bolder peanut butter to match jelly), stone fruit clafoutis (the bar for any stone fruit dessert is best compared to Boulevard's).The two dishes to definitely go for, however: puffed potato and egg, grilled octopus and okonomiyaki pancake. Not to be missed.Bonus: Try the chocolate bananas foster for dessert!
If you're a foodie, this is on your 'must try' list. We went last night for a fundraiser for the SF food bank. 100% of the proceeds were donated. For a mere $75 (including tip) and a $50 wine pairing, it was a menu to die for. UNbelievable quality ( Michael Mina style) and we did not leave feeling hungry. The GM, Ryan, could not be more gracious. You will not find a nicer group of people with excellent backgrounds in this small industry. We wish them all the very best and will definitely return! Oh, and THANK YOU, Tai, for raising the dress code bar in San Francisco. We need it!
The lamb, squid ink pasta with shellfish and carrot soup were all excellent. The menu was small: only 3 small apps, 5 starters and five mains, but it was nicely balanced and I like that focus. Service was perfect. I'm a bit picky when it comes to lighting...I found it to be a tad too bright.
Stones Throw is great! I was happy with everything we ordered and felt comfortable in the space. It is a definite upgrade from Luella although they should have done something with the floors in order to create a warmer atmosphere. We will be back! Loved the dessert beer and the extra pretzels!
This was our first time at this fairly new restaurant. The food was amazing, and the SERVICE was the BEST. The Host/Owner Tai is so nice, polite and helpful, you would think you were a guest in her home. Other than the parking (which is not very good) I would highly recommend this to everyone. Bob & Gloria
And now: BRUNCH!!! Really, though, you need these pancakes. And if you want something savory: duck hash. But...pancakes. Top 2 pancake experiences in the world--a tie for pancake champion. Because pancakes.
I haven't reviewed in a while, but since Stone's Throw is new and I had such a good time there, I feel like I have to share the love.The food is awesome. We started with the cauliflower egg puffs, which were different and delicious. A great snack to whet your appetite. Then we moved to the duck pate/ mousse snack. I LOVE pate, and this did not disappoint. It is served with soft pretzel style-rolls and cornichons and everything about it is lovely- from the taste to the presentation. The portion is more than fair considering the price and the listing as a "snack". We moved on to apps after this, settling on the pork belly citrus salad and the squid ink pasta. The pork belly salad had a nice mix of savory meat, citrus, veggies (rainbow kale, how SF) and crispiness- the salad was topped with crispy pig's ears. Now, for me, the showstopper was the pasta. It was perfection. The pasta itself was delicate and flavorful- clearly homemade. It was topped with pickled kale, shrimp, mussels, and clams and was in a clam sauce and cauliflower mousse. I can't really describe how much I hearted this dish. I live in the area and can easily foresee myself having this pasta and a glass of wine solo at the bar. Like, regularly. Between these 4 dishes and the delish bread, we didn't feel like we needed to try an entree... so we skipped straight to dessert and shared the pb&j beinets. I'm not much of a sweets gal, but these were good. Now, for the service. It got off to a slightly rocky start- we had made reservations weeks prior, but still ended up waiting 25 minutes for our table to be ready. We ordered a bottle of wine and hung out at the standing bar table, where there were two other couples who were in the same boat- reservations, but no available tables. Not sure what that was all about. Also not sure why the other two couples were given snacks as a thank-you-for-waiting thing and we weren't, but whatever. Maybe they were waiting even longer? If so, Stone's Throw really needs to step up their reservation game. So while at the communal table, after the other couples were sat, I spilled a glass of wine. Super embarrassing. It was just one of those things where I was talking and not paying attention and just set the glass down wrong. It wasn't a huge deal- the glass was only a third full and didn't break or spill on the floor- just on the table. I apologized profusely, but the waiter gave me some 'tude. I know, I'm the jerk here, but seriously, not that big of a deal. When we finally were seated, our waitress was great... super friendly and nice, and knowledgeable about the food. Her recommendations seemed sincere and she actually seemed excited to be there. I liked that.Overall, the restaurant is a great addition to the neighborhood and I'm excited to go back. If the reservations snafus are figured out, I'd be happy to increase my stars.
Although our first two starters were amazing I have to give a 3-star review due to the Pan Roasted Arctic Char being so bad. I'm not sure if it was a fluke but the fish was unseasoned, extremely undercooked, had no flavor and the farro was also extremely bland. I was tempted to complain to our waitress because it was so bad but my boyfriend pleaded with me not to. In the end we still wished we would have said something to the waitress. Despite the bad dish our starters were incredible. Highly recommend the Grilled Octopus and Squid Ink Conchiglie Pasta. The octopus was so tender and delicious. The service was good and the starters were amazing but that one main dish really ruined the whole meal. Hate to give it 3 stars but our expectations must have been too high after the great starters.
We had a fantastic dinner there ! Most creative food Chef Jason and his team have created a fun , casual restaurant where you can enjoy some if the best food in SF ! We will be back
Great atmosphere, staff, and food.The only reason I am giving this 4 stars vs. 5 stars are the prices. They are a bit high.That said, you are missing out on a great SF dining experience if you don't go to Stones Throw.
Came here because of the reviews. They were right. Cool place, hard to park . But great food and wonderfully friend sly staff. Had the chestnut ravioli and it was very delicious. Also the lamb was delicious and the de burger very special. lemon meringue very good
What a delicious meal! I never want to repeat restaurants but I would for this place! Must eat
Wanted to introduce my BF to my old neighborhood, so the opening of a new restaurant in the much-missed I Fratelli/less-missed Luella space was a good excuse. He (Phil S) already reviewed last night's dinner, so I will just add that given the crowded, 4th-night trial, I think this could be great. A bit more confidence with seasoning; more wines by the glass to match the extensive beer list; and maybe a bit of sound-absorbing cloth (curtains? wall hangings? anything to muffle the roar)...we're not the target demographic, but I hate saying "what" ten times during a meal.
Perfectly executed from start to finish. Tables are well spaced, decor is minimalist, attentive staff, great cocktails, wide wine assortment, and the FOOD is wow.We had SQUID INK CONCHIGLIE PASTA ($16), CRISPY 38 NORTH DUCK BREAST ($28), GARLIC-THYME ROASTED BEEF RIB EYE ($29), and GRANDMA'S APPLE PIE....BUT NOT QUITE ($8). Each dish was perfect!Only downside, prices are a bit steep for the portion size. However, I suppose quality costs $$$. Highly recommend, will frequent Stones Throw.
Just another good addition to the Russian hill where it's all about new resto openings around these days. I got a chance to try their octopus salad, rib eye steak and not your grandma's apple pie last night. Food was delicious, what I liked the most was the garlic, vinegar combination sauce that they poured on steak as the final step at the table. Dessert was definitely named accurately! It was creative and unexpected in a good way. My honest two cent would be, their starter menu is the weakest side and main dishes were not too exciting except the steak.
We had a great time. The service was good and the food excellent. I loved that they will pair wine or beer with your food. And they have selection of interesting beers available.
Best meal that I've had in the city in many many moons. Better than Bourbon and Steak, Flour and Water, and Cotogna (realizing these are different genres but still highly regarded). I happened upon this place wandering around the 'hood and made a reservation. I will go no ambience for amazing food and this place had both. We started with the octopus app and the squid ink pasta with seafood. Both were delicious. My pasta on its own with the frothy sauce was incredible on its own and I know Italian (you see the other restaurants I am comparing this to?). For entrees we had the salmon (well, the hubby did and loved it and frankly I don't eat salmon so I take his word for it). I had the beef ribeye which was incredibly tender, rich, and melt in your mouth. For dessert I had the brownies with bananas foster - yummy!! The service was impeccable all night. Definitely going back and probably the only 5 star I've given out in a long a** time. Don't let Russian hill scare you off when ber is here!
We had 5 dishes, 4 were great, 1 was okay.We had an 8:15 reservation and unfortunately the table we were waiting for took their sweet time paying their bill. The mgmt provided us with a complementary glass of cava while we waited and we were greeted with dish #1, also on the house, as an apology for the wait.Dish #1: stuffed tater tots. 5 stars. kettle chip crust filled with whipped potatoes with bits of bacon, chives, some other stuff that was delicious.Dish #2: Grilled Octopus. 5 stars. Perfect char on the octopus, chorizo really worked well with the octopus. Very flavorful and interesting. Second best dish of the night.Dish #3:  Puffed Potatoes and Eggs. Was savory, but that's about it. Flavor was okay, but no wow factor. Not really noteworthy. Dish #4: Pork belly salad. First small bite of the belly I had was okay. Second bite, I loaded up my fork with all the ingredients on the plate and it really shined. The avo, belly, citrus and kale came together in a flavor and texture symphony.  Third best dish of the night.Dish #5: SQUID INK CONCHIGLIE PASTA. Spectacular. Flavor was amazing. Pasta was perfectly cooked. Best seafood pasta dish I have ever had easily. Must order. Best dish of the night.Service was good and the host/GM did a great job of turning our wait, which could have been a negative, into a positive.
Fat Angel is a go-to spot, so I was supercharged to give Stone's Throw a try. Other than a bit of lag at the waiting stage, it was fully delightful. Staff is fun, enthusiastic, knowledgeable. Food made me googly-eyed. Potato puff egg things, beets, octopus: all are tickets to Yum City! And the final stop on the trip, dessert, was clever and cool. Donuts (more like beignets) were mmm mmm good. Buying a return ticket ASAP.
Food was really really good. My group and I had some really amazing apps. The Octopus was good but wasn't impressing. It was tender but it lacked something else. The Peanut and Butter donuts was absolutely fantastic. Something so simple but genius. Pig Ear and belly, great. For some reason the vibe reminded me of the Momofuku's in NYC. Would definitely come back for dinner.
Fantastic! I'm actually glad that the parking is so horrible here, it makes it more of a neighborhood gem.I can rave about it all but I need to call out the chestnut ravioli... It was the most delicious thing I've had since the chestnut soup I had at Francis... I guess I have a thing about chestnuts! Anyway, the menu is inventive without being too prissy and delicate. The only complaint I would have is that I walked out smelling like the kitchen, but I'd happily risk it.
Shocked by all the great reviews, because we found the food very unremarkable. Admittedly, we were big fans & frequent diners at Luella (RIP) but we we still really looking forward to the opening and came ready for a great new restaurant. We were disappointed. First, they screwed up our order. Not a big deal if the food is still great. The food wasn't terrible, it was all just very bland, from the soup to the steak. In addition, the ambiance was kind of unwelcoming. I get the theme, but it just didn't work for me. We were seated on these really hard, uncomfortable benches that made you want to get out of there ASAP rather than linger for drinks or dessert. I'm not asking for a bed (although wait, maybe a restaurant full of beds would be nice) but we found it weirdly uncomfortable. Overall, just a disappointing dinner experience with so many better options in town. Maybe brunch is better. I will update if brunch is great.
We were so sad to see Luella go, but could't have hoped for a better replacement. It has all the charming neighborhood qualities you'd hope to find around the corner...but the food is anything but neighborhoodie.Duck Pate and Mousse is something to write home about. Octopus was exceptionally well prepared. Service was amongst the best we've had in San Francisco.Get in now before it's too late.
I thought the food here was just ok. The squid ink pasta was the best dish we had. Others were the pate, ny strip steak and the burger. Nothing here was bad by any means; I guess we over-hyped the place based on the reviews we saw. Why this place does deserve 4 stars, though, is because their service was impeccable. They were attentive and even brought us a free appetizer since we waited around 10 extra minutes for our reserved table. I hope this restaurant does really well.....I just didn't fall in love with it like so many others.
Service is always so warm and attentive. The food is a feast for the eyes and the balance of flavors is spot on. My husband and I have been here on four separate occasions and we always leave full and impressed. I always try to enjoy their cocktails because they work without liquor. Having said that I've never tried one I didn't fully enjoy. If you have the time and budget for sweets at the end make sure to try not your grandma's apple pie. Simply amazing!!
Came back here and the meal was just as good as last time. For apps, the potato & egg and pate were both awesome. The conchiglie and burger were spot-on as well. The only blemish was the mushroom lasagna, which was a bit too rich to my liking - but everything else was so good that this spot deserves to keep its 5 stars in my book.
It was awesome. I would recommend this place to anyone. The meals were great- both in taste and presentation and the service was fabulous. They were attentive, courteous, and polite.
Love the vibe, the extensive beer list, the food. The appetizers and entrees called out on Yelp live up to their billing. The dessert is the weakest link (and not even truly weak) --concept is cute, but give me a childhood fave straight up any day.
.....you may have guessed I am not into cutsey or fancy or expensive...to me $150 for 2 people with only a few beers and glass of wine is a bit much....as long as you know your going to pay on the high side...enjoy...parking impossible so bring your hiking shoes...read the rest of the reviews for good description of all the cute doings available....I am well aware that a $100 a person ain't diddily here in never never land but then I think folks who go to Saisson to get reamed to tune of $800 each to eat trash of the sea need head exam....or daddy should take their credit cards...
This place was amazing! Loved the atmosphere, very chill and knowledgeable waiter. Absolutely loved the grilled octopus, amazing how it was not rubbery and had a great, meaty taste. Loved the cocktails, too, try the one that Pimm's and something.
I loved my experience at Stones Throw tonight. 5 stars for service as well. Awesome friendly staff and so very accommodating. I changed my entree order 15 min after ordering and they were super flexible about making sure I got what I wanted. The squid ink conchiglie starter was so good that I re-ordered it as my entree as well! Love this place, ambiance, food and service!
Really really great addition to the Russian Hill neighborhood! I made a reservation for 7:15 on a Tuesday and we arrived 15 minutes early and were seated right away. I'm not exaggerating when I say we had 5 or 6 different waiters/servers/bus boys throughout the course of the meal and all of them were SO friendly, made conversation, and had real opinions about the food on their menu! So much so that my girlfriend and I went with three of the recommendations from one of our waitresses. We ordered the: Grilled Octopus (WOW, best I've ever had. It actually tasted like tender meat with a perfect char on the outside-not tough or chewy at all), the Squid Ink Pasta (THE SAUCE OMGGG-YOU NEED TO SERVE BREAD WITH THIS SO I COULD HAVE MOPPED IT ALL UP, no shame), and the Seared Scallop dish (perfectly cooked, but not as over the top impressive as the previous two). We sat right by the kitchen, so I kept seeing TONS of people order the little potato puff balls and the burger. Next time I come, those are 100% on my list!! The wine and beer list is impressive, and I can see why it was PACKED on a random Tuesday night with some of the most fabulously dressed diners I've seen in a long time. LOVE.
Amazing meal... seriously, everything we ordered was outstanding. Service was excellent too. We started with the squid ink conchiglie pasta and the grilled octopus. I'm a sucker for squid ink anything and this did not disappoint. Hubby and I fought for the very last bits. We almost always try the octopus if it's on a menu and this one was superb. There was a tiny morsel left on the plate and Hubby protectively hovered his hand over it when the server asked if she could take it away. He had the duck and I had the salmon as entrees. It took me 10 minutes more to finish my entree because I was savoring each piece of farro hoping it would last longer. Finished with the deconstructed apple "pie" and some grappa. Highly recommend (if you can get in!). Can't wait to come back.
Really good, but pricey for its casual atmosphere and tiny portion sizes. Great drinks.  Dishes felt really fresh and healthy, but not too flavorful. Waited a long time for food to be served, but probably because they were preparing each dish with care.
had whole menu. simply love all !!!
The highlights were the stuffed potato eggs & grilled octopus (so tender!). The pork belly and the da burga were also delicious but the burger and the tater tots were a bit too salty eaten together. Everything was perfectly cooked. Service was wonderful, our waiter was very knowledgeable and gave us great recommendations from the menu. I really liked the space too!
Excellent. Superb food, service and drinks at a killer price point. God knows Ive spent wayyy more for way less at some of San Francisco's more "exclusive" spots. We'll be back for sure.
I'd really give this place 3.5 stars... pasta was great, duck very good, a couple of the appetizers were just OK.
This place is terrific. Food is unusual but not bizarre for its own sake. Service was excellent. We shared several appetizers and each one was great. We've already made plans to return.
I wanted to circle back now that I've had brunch here a few times. The brunch is absolutely amazing!!!!!! I'm pretty confident it is the best brunch place I've ever been to. At this point, I think I've tried just about everything on the menu. My favorites are the duck hash, lemon/huckleberry crepes, pancakes, and of course the potato/egg yolk puffs. I'm not typically a huge duck fan bc it can be fatty, but this dish is unbelievable! The duck is crisp and packed with flavor (I'm not taste-expert, but it reminds me of a variation on corned beef) which goes great with the eggs, biscuit and veggies all mixed in. The pancakes are huge and buttery - I had no idea it was possible to make such thick and fluffy pancakes!! The lemon crepes with huckleberries are a great blend of sweet and tart and soooo delicious! The potato puffs are also on the dinner menu (and if you look through the reviews, you'll see everyone raves about them), and for brunch they are served with bacon bits (I'm a firm believer that bacon makes everything better)! This place is the greatest- I recommend it to everyone!!
i am very picky, and this place was a 4.7 out of 5 star for me. so so so so good. we went on the 4th night it was ever open, and it had great service and even better food. duck pate, egg puff things, pork belly salad and squid ink pasta were AMAZING. highly recommend this place. and you have to get the apple pie dessert.
