Decor: 4/5-VERY limited seating-has incense sticks placed near the tables on the steel beamsService: 5/5-very welcoming and homey, our orders were taken at the table and served to the tableFood: 5/5-First time trying Ethiopian and I'm blown away at how delicious the dishes were.-I ordered the vegetarian combo and the beef tibs. Addicting & Wow. Two word sums up the beef tibs. Excellent flavors and spices for the beef tids. I didn't know exactly what the vegetarian combination consisted of however each side did not disappoint my adventurous taste buds-The collard greens, lentils and chickpeas from the vegetarian dish were all great as well.
Embarrassing admission time. I really, really love kitfo. I might love it as much as I love my SO. I've ordered kitfo in like five different countries because, for whatever reason, I just start craving it after a couple days (the best we had in Europe was in London, the worst in Paris -- go figure). I can't really speak to the authenticity of Tadu because I've never stepped foot in Ethiopia or in an Ethiopian home, but this is still by far my favorite place in the Bay Area for kitfo. Get it raw, sprinkle on some extra mitmita if you want even more of a kick, and enjoy. I promise that you won't regret it (unless you order something like three kitfos on top of a tibs and veggie dish for four people -- even I will admit that we went a little overboard). For two people, we usually order a kitfo and a veggie combo and it's the perfect amount of food. The lamb tibs are also fantastic if you insist on getting something cooked. The restaurant is fairly small, so expect a wait if you're heading over during peak dinner hours and a bit of a struggle if you're trying to seat a party of 8 or more people.
I am a big fan of Ethipoan food and this place didn't disappoint me at all. I'd read the reviews here on Yelp prior to my visit and since it was favorably reviewed by some of my trusted Yelp friends, I decided that I'd come here for dinner with a colleague one evening.We ordered the vegetarian combo and the beef tibs. I liked both quite a lot, but preferred the rich flavour of the beef tibs. Situated in the heart of the Tenderloin, I was expecting a run-down equipment but was actually surprised that the space was newly renovated and quite bright.
This place was great! It was my first Ethiopian food experience and I am hooked! I've been dreaming about the wholewheat sourdough flatbread ever since, mmmm so fluffy. We went for the share patter vegetable combination plus the beef tibs, and this was plenty for two hungry diners. No boring flavours here, each dish was delicious. A great place to head with a vegetarian friend. The interior is clean and the service is friendly. I'd be here all the time if I lived in SF.
My second time trying Ethiopian food and it did not disappoint! I like this place more than Enssaro, where I first tried Ethiopian food in Oakland. This place is pretty small only 5-6 tables but it's very neat and has modern decor. It's also family ran :) a little boy served us our water. I really like the injera here because it wasn't too sour. We order the vegetable combo with lamb tibs and it was sooo good and flavorful! Warning: the lamb tib is pretty spicy!! I remember really liking the potatoes and the fresh greens in the veggie combo, which went perfectly well with the spicy lamb tibs. The veggie combo + lamb tib was A LOT of food for two people and I think the portion could've fed 3-4 people. However, my bf and I didn't know how to order smaller portions. I was a little iffy using my hands to eat but they're super cleaver for having a sink outside of the bathroom. All in all, this place is a must try!
Small and unassuming space, super friendly and kind staff, spectacular food.We ordered three types of dishes between the three of us on a work trip - lamb tibs, beef banatu, and beef kitfo, served on the same platter of injera bread with an assortment of delicious and warm sides. Lamb tibs: Definitely the highlight of the experience, perfectly tender and juicy lambs and sauteed in spices, incredibly delicious and so much more than lamb chops I've had at fancy restaurants.Beef kitfo: Since all three of us are relatively new to Ethiopian food, our kitfo was served half cooked and half rare. The flavor was amazing, spices in all the right places and not a care about its rareness - it was delicious.Best food we've had on the entire San Francisco trip, and that's saying a lot! We polished off all of that with two side bowls of injera bread all during lunch time of a conference. Yes, it was that good.
It's my first time try this kind of food and it's was so good the waitress is so nice and the service great Very good place I will for sure come back here
Tiny but mighty eatery with superbly friendly service and delicious cheap eats. The place could probably only fit maybe 12-15 people comfortably, but this retains the high level of customer service: everyone makes sure your water glass is always filled, takes your order minutes after your sit down, and takes initiative to answer any questions you might have on any of their offerings. Service with a genuine smile, it's really a great and homey place to go with a small group or 1:1. Upon serving, they explain everything in detail, patiently answer questions, provide visiblity into what each item contains, so you're never left wondering what you might be getting in to if you're being adventurous. The dishes are beautiful whether you order meat or pure veggies, and the flavors are so powerful you are satisfied with just a slight amount of food. Plenty of injera to go around, and the best part of course is the one saturated with all the veggie and meat sauces. They also serve tiny squares of baklava warm, and the filling isn't bitter like most baklavas are (not overdone with walnuts).
I got the chicken tibs and it did not disappoint! The meal came with injera, chicken, salad, lentils, and more injera on the side. Ethiopian food is made to eat with your hands, but alas I resorted to using a fork. Service was really nice and fairly quick. The portion size was quite generous (not to mention you can always eat a lot of injera). For people not familiar with Ethiopian food, it's actually surprisingly similar to Indian food in taste. Injera is a spongy bread like side that's soft in texture. The price was also great- $9.95 for a delicious, filling meal! =]
I am a big fan of Ethiopian food and there aren't many options in the city so I was glad to find Tadu on Yelp. It's a small hole in the wall restaurant with friendly staff. I shared the vegetarian platter and the lamb special with a friend. Both were excellent. I usually didn't like the meat dishes at other Ethiopian places because the texture seemed off, but the lamb is super tender and full of flavor. The veggie platter was also very good. We cleaned out plates. I did notice that the injira bread here is slightly thinner than other places but that just mean we don't stuff ourselves with as much bread :). Would definitely come back!
Very busy with very limited seating, therefore ordered to go. Food was delicious and spicy. Both cook and girl taking the order were very nice. Only thing I wish was they had photos of the food so I could have an idea what I was ordering. My Sambussa was delicious!!!
I enjoyed the vegetarian combination and chicken tubs immensely. There wasn't a single item that I did not enjoy. It was flavorful and perfect for two people. It's super small but friendly and endearing
My boyfriend took me to Tadu Ethiopian Resturant on my vacation. I liked the food. We order Vegetable combination and Kitfo. It was finger licking. I tried some other Ethiopian Resturant in Oakland but I find Tadu's number one. As I am originally from Ethiopia, I know how our dishes taste like and I loved it and Enjoy it with a great customer service. It reminds me of mom's kitchen.   I highly recommend Tadu Ethiopian Resturant and I'm definitely coming back!!
Tadu is an incredibly tiny restaurant with 5-6 small tables. We went on a weekday evening and it was relatively empty....but with the positive reviews, we weren't sure how long the wait would be so we called ahead for a reservation! They were confused but obliged!We started with the sambussa - a flaky pastry filled with meat or veggies - which was delicious. As our entree, we shared the veggie platter with lamb tibs. I love tibs! And these lamb tibs are great, especially with the deliciously sour injera.
Ethiopian food isn't my normal go-to joint, but I'm fortunate to have some adventurous friends. My buddy suggested we meet there for a long, overdue hangout.We shared the beef tips and vegetarian platter. While it doesn't look like much, the injira bread does an amazing job of filling you up. I really enjoyed all of the spicy (in a fragrant way) flavors and the beef was cooked to perfection. We even got a free slice of baklava for dessert!I can't say enough good things about Tadu. It was delicious, service was fantastic, and I loved every bite. It might be in a rougher part of town, but it's worth the day trek for some amazing Ethiopian grub. Stop on by and give it a try!Food: 10/10Service: 9/10Price: $$Atmosphere: 7/10
Small, but full of love. I haven't had a meal this full of passion in a long long time.
Rolls on rolls on rolls of injera! A very comforting spot to get some authentic Ethiopian fare and escape the rigors of the TL for a bit. The veggie combo platter is very colorful and tasty and for $12, will certainly fill you up for the night. Very friendly and responsive service too, which warrants a return visit to Tadu soon!
Some pretty solid Ethiopian food in one of the shadiest neighborhoods in town. I got dropped off in an uber right outside this restaurant and there was a swarm of homeless people all around me. Be safe in this area, but once you get inside the restaurant, you don't feel like you're in the Tenderloin anymore. It's a small, homely place with just a few tables and chairs.Their menu has all the regular Ethiopian dishes but the thing I liked most about this place was that you could get their dishes as side dishes instead of the full dinner portion. The beauty of Ethiopian food is that you get to try a lot of dishes with the delicious injera so having the option of getting multiple small dishes was a huge plus for me! The veggie combo is also a great choice for those looking to get a small taste of a variety of their different vegetarian options.This place is very reasonably priced and their staff is extremely friendly. I will definitely be back again!
For catering, they really hooked it up.I had a large order that had to suit all sorts of dietary needs. They took it all in stride, suggested a fabulous menu of items and made sure there was plenty for everyone.There were so many compliments on the food that day that it made me wish I cooked it. But I can't cook this good. If you have tons of hungry people to feed, you can't go wrong with Tadu. Definitely doing it again!
Amazing! We ordered the lamb and chicken entrees on injera and the veggie combo. Fed 7 of us to complete content. The lamb was spicy but balanced by the caramelized onions.
TLDR: flavorful Ethiopian food, large portions, very reasonable prices; definitely recommend for a different dining experienceI've seen Tadu listed as one of the "Best of Yelp" Restaurants for many weeks now (maybe since its opening?). I've yet to see a place maintain a 5-star rating for so long and with 100+ reviews, so of course it made my bookmarks list. Honestly, if fellow Yelper Ben K. hadn't suggested it for dinner, I don't know if I would've ever made it here since I don't like to frequent the TL.The restaurant is a small hole-in-the wall with maybe 5-6 tables and probably has the capacity for only 15ish people. In contrast to the surrounding TL, the inside is pretty nice and clean. The place wasn't busy yet at around 6pm on a Friday, but it filled up pretty easily and there were people waiting by the time we left.Anyone unfamiliar with Ethiopian food (like me) might be a little lost with the menu, not because there are too many options, but because everything sounds more or less the same. The menu has a few appetizers and several veggie and meat entrees, which all come with injera, a spongy sourdough crepe. I'd recommend the SAMBUSSAS as a starter and LAMB TIBS as an entree. And you can't go wrong with the VEGETARIAN COMBO, which will give you sampling of almost all the veggie entrees. The food overall was pretty tasty and I really enjoyed anything cooked with berbere (some sort of chili/spice).For anyone who hasn't had Ethiopian food, there are no utensils (unless asked for). You basically break off pieces of injera and use it to pick up the meat/veggies or dip it in the more hummus-like veggie dishes.Entrees range from $10-15 and portion sizes are big and filling, especially with the unlimited injera. One entree can easily feed you for 2 meals, so it's definitely worth the price. Being the fatass that I am sometimes though, I ended up eating much more than I should have..Service is pretty good here. Our server (who I think may have been the owner) checked in on us a few times to ask how the food was and to see if we needed more injera or water.===========SAMBUSSA ($4) - 5/5Comes with 3. Kind of like samosas, but the dough is thinner, airier, flakier and crispier, and the inside is filled with ground beef or lentils. We got the ground beef, which was amazing! A little bit of spice and so much flavorLAMB TIBS ($14) - 4/5[sauted in spices, onions, tomatoes, jalapeos, berbere]Juicy and delicious! The jalapeos and berbere give it a good kick, but more heat would've been even better. The dish was on the greasy side for me but tasted so good that the greasiness couldn't stop me from eating more of itVEGETARIAN COMBINATION ($12) - 4/5We ordered the vegetarian banatu/firfir, but I'm pretty sure they gave us the veggie combo now that I'm looking back at my picture. The vegetarian firfir is supposed to be vegetables and pieces of injera in berbere but we definitely did not get that on our plate. The veggie combo didn't disappoint though and was a really good sampler of many of their veggie entrees   -MISIR WOT - 4.5/5   [split lentil sauce made w/ berbere, onions, ginger, garlic]   Orange/red and similar in texture to a thick tomato sauce. A little bit spicy from the berbere, which I loved. Definitely one of my favorite veggie options      -ALICHA TIKIL GOMEN - 4.5/5   [cabbage, potatoes & carrots]   Another favorite from the combo. Not as flavorful as the misir wot but I like that it actually has veggies in it   -GOMEN - 3.5/5   [collard greens]   A little bitter but still pretty good   -KIK ALICHA WOT - 3/5   [chickpea cooked w/ spicy tumeric, ginger & garlic]   Yellow and a little thicker than hummus in texture. Not bad but didn't impress me   -BUTICHA - 3/5   [ground chickpeas, peppers & onions]   Reminded me of a potato salad in taste and mashed potatoes in texture. I actually liked the flavor but it felt pretty rich and heavy so I could only eat a few bites   -AZIFA - 3/5   [lentils sauteed w/ onions, jalapeno, ground mustard seeds & lemon]   Served cold. Also kind of rich/heavyVEGGIE MEDLEY ($10) - 4/5[mushrooms stir fried w/ peppers, jalapeno & berbere]Solid. Not super special and pretty greasy, but very flavorfulKITFO ($13.50) - 3.5/5Flavorful lean ground beef, cooked to a nice medium rare. I liked it a lot at first but wasn't really a fan of the half raw ground texture after a bitINJERA (complimentary)The entrees are served on a giant piece of injera. I've only had Ethiopian once before and didn't like the injera much because of the acidity, but was pleased with the injera here. Theirs was soft, spongy and tasted like sourdough without being too acidic. I don't really like sourdough in general so I wouldn't eat the injera on its own, but it works well with the entrees and soaks up the juices of the lamb very well
Flavors: awesome. Deeper, more interesting, and I assume more authentic than the other Ethopian places I've been. Lots of good choices. We got the kitfo and the beef Tibs, and both were good, but the beef tibs were ESPECIALLY good...watch out, though, they're spicy; it'll kick your ass. I'm glad that the sever was ok with me getting up to serve myself several more waters. Seating: LIMITED. I wouldn't come here with more than a couple of people. Which kind of sucks, because it's a bit hard to do Ethopian takeout, AND Ethopian is more fun with more people....but they do takeout, and that would be the way to do it. Make sure to get extra Injera. Prices: Pretty good for ethopian, for sure! Location: Smack dab in a sketchy part of the tenderloin. Bummer.Gastro the next day: Not so good. But I don't really care what my stomach says, I really like this place.
Great Ethiopian food! Had the ground beef with spices...and a lot of spice they have! It is pretty spicy...you might want to get some vegetarian options as well. The vegetarian platter is a very good pick for that. We ordered two meals and it fed 4 people. So you can definitely eat for cheap here. I would suggest washing your hands before you eat, they don't do silverware. Like classic Ethiopian food you eat with your hands by scooping up the food with the sour dough pancake stuff. The coffee is excellent as well. I suggest ordering the Ethiopian Coffee to go with your email. Parking may be a pain....there isn't a parking lot so you may have to park out there in street possibly in the sketch area. So...plan accordingly.
Tadu freaking ROCKS!Was really craving Ethiopian food and after not finding anything comparable to Seattle, I decided I didn't care and wanted to try this place (the five stars lured me in).The first time we came here, it was an hour before closing to find that there were no seats and it was SUPER packed. There's only five tables, so plan accordingly. We waited and waited, and thankfully right before they closed they kindly seated us.We started off with the vegetarian sambusas (ask for the hot sauce, it spicy and delish). The edges were perfectly crispy, we practically inhaled them.Next up, the vegetarian combo, beef berebere banatu, firfir, lamb tibs, and shiro wot (so I know this is a lot of food, but leftovers are the best, so whatever).Bf ate the ENTIRE veg combo by himself. Not only is it super flavorful, it's massive (one of those can't stop eating, it's so delicious), and you get enough injera to swaddle a newborn baby elephant in. They even brought us a bite each of baklava since we waited outside for an hour for a table. So nice (and so yum).I absolutely love the beef berebere banatu, and shiro wot. We never come here and not order both of those. Also, they have gluten free injera (FROM Ethiopia!!), like no joke. Order this (+$3) and you'll leave without feeling fat, no matter how much you dig in. It's a bit more tart than the regular injera, but so so delicious, absolutely fluffy, and perfectly moist. I never skip it. I gladly take the the left overs home and make my own berebere firfirX (lentils, chicken, etc.) to enjoy for another day. The staff is always so helpful, very kind, and remembers you. Seriously addicted to this place.
I tried out Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen one day for lunch. It's a tiny hole-in-the wall in the Tenderloin, Ellis St & Leavensworth St.I got the Vegetarian Combo $11.95. You gotta eat with your hands eating Ethiopian food - Right hand! You can wash your hands in the sink area in the back. 4 different veggie dishes on top of injera, a small salad with 2 dips on the top. More injera given in a small basket.I liked my dish. Would like to try some meat dishes next time.I paid Cash, not sure if they take credit cards.
I love Ethiopian food but a good place is hard to find. My friend and I were seriously craving some the other afternoon, but the one in the Mission doesn't open until dinnertime. So we found Tadu in the TL, which has 5 stars. And it really lived up to its rating! There are only a few tables inside so when its busy, I can see why there would be a wait. There aren't that many items on the menu, but everything on it is delicious.I highly recommend the lamb tibs. It's made fresh to order and is absolutely delicious. The onions are perfectly caramelized and the seasoning of spices and salt is perfect. So yummy!We ordered the full size of the Alicha but they accidentally gave us the veggie combo, which is fine. The veggie combo was great. We loved the cabbage, lentils, and chickpeas. I also liked the salad a lot too. The collard greens were good too.We also ordered the Beef Sambussa as an appetizer. There were only 3 but the filling was spicy and yummy.Next time, I really want to try the eggplant (which they didn't have a half size of) and some of the other meat dishes. The pictures look awesome!
I found this place when walking to my usual spot for Ethiopian was too far out of my way. I'm glad I did! I cannot recommend Tadu enough. What a gem. The menu here is pretty much the menu from any Ethiopian place. Thats' not a knock at all, it's just that there were no real surprises. I got my usual veggie combo. The server (and owner?) was quiet but very nice. When he brought the spicy sauce and asked if I liked some, he lit up a bit and went back to get some spicy powder, which he proceeded to add directly to my plate. He explained the two things I didn't recognize (and couldn't tell you what they were now).I'm looking forward to my next trip to SF for Tadu!
I've only had Ethiopian in San Jose (Zeni), and Tadu wasn't quite at that level, but it still hit the spot. Bonus points for curing a terrible case of post crappy $40 hotel breakfast buffet hangry-ness.We got the Sambussa starter which came with three pieces of fried flakey dough stuffed with ground beef and onions. Tadu's version is extra crispy, the filling is seasoned well, and the tomato dipping sauce was fantastic.At the recommendation of our server, we chose the Lamb Tibs in addition to the Vegetarian Combo. The Lambs Tibs were juicy, but could have used some more seasoning. In the veg combo, I enjoyed the Misir Wot (red lentils with Berbere spice) the most. I also liked the buticha, which the server compared to hummus. It was made from chickpeas but much thicker than hummus, and reminded me of potato salad.The Injera bread was not as sour or fluffy as I prefer, but that didn't stop me from eating an entire basket anyway. Injera is my weakness. There's something about the act of scooping up food with bread that I absolutely enjoy. Service was attentive and kind as well. Tadu is worth braving the sketch area for!
**HANDS DOWN TO THE BEST 5 STAR ETHIOPIAN FOOD JOINT IN THE SAN FRANCISCO (TENDERLOIN AREA)**Count me in, where do I sign up? I had no idea this place existed until a friend of mine and I decided to try some Ethiopian food. He chose the place and I have to say for my first time I sure wasn't disappointed!I arrived around 7pm and decided to take transportation since the area is not the BEST area in San Francisco. This location is not far from the Civic Center Bart Station.When we entered the place was packed house. Please note: This restaurant is VERY small.We were able to get a seat in the back. The owners were very nice making sure we felt comfortable. After we let him know that it was out first time coming to the location he gave us a couple mines to decide on the menu.After looking at the yummy pictures on Yelp we decided on:APPETIZER:-Beef Sambusa- VERY GOOD!! 5/5 (tasty sauce to go with it)~INJERA:Your meal is not complete without Injera! The spongy, unleavened bread, which acts as a plate beneath a quintet of stews and we used it to transport the delicious food to our mouths. RATED:5/5MAIN MEAL:~Lamb Tibs- sauted lamb leg with deeply caramelized onions and rosemary. RATED: 5/5 Comes with a little spicy taste, but nothing you can't handle.~Beef Tibs- Very flavorful and good! RATED:5/5DRINKS:~Telba Drink- ground flax seeds in water and sweetened with honey. The taste is not for everyone but I enjoyed it. It tastes like a healthy morning drink but I have to admit that the taste is refreshing and good for you!Everything was really good and tasty. The owner was able to spend time in teaching us a little history about the drink Telba and states that depending on how Ethiopians were raised the drink can be given on special occasions but some athletic people drink it as well since its good for your digestive system. The drink was given as a sample to use before we actually bought it. After being stuffed from the huge meal that was just presented to us, I had the nerve to ask for something sweet (like the food wasn't enough)The owner came out with a plate of Baklava which was the topping to the night! Baklava is a rich, sweet pastry made of layers of filo filled with chopped nuts and sweetened and held together with syrup or honey. Let me just admit that it's SO good and a must try! What made it more special was that the owner said it was on the house! HOW NICE! Complimentary dessert!As you can see, this place is GREAT and the food is something that you just have to taste and experience. I was so full and happy leaving that I couldn't help but plan my next meal to order when I come back!My first time trying Ethiopian food was the BEST experience I could ask for!
Can NOT stop raving about this place to everyone! Tadu was my first experience with Ethiopian food, and it was everything I had hoped it would be, and more. Robust and strong flavors, distinct and varied textures and ingredients, and such an experience. It sets the bar high for future chances I'll have to eat Ethiopian food.For starters, we got the Sambussa, which feels a bit like Ethiopian empanadas--meat filling inside a flaky pastry dough. Delicious.Mains included the veggie combo, the Kitfo (beef, medium rare), and the lamb tibs. Everything was amazing; the kitfo and the lamb tibs were my favorite, thought they taste completely different from one another. We ordered 3 things for three people and we were so stuffed at the end of our meal. Even though portions may not look formidable, you'll fill up pretty quickly. I suspect this is because you eat everything with a bit of their tasty injera bread.The service is warm, friendly, and super attentive, as I've come to expect from authentic, family-run restaurants. Can't wait to make a return trip :)
Sometimes the small and simple places are where you find the tastiest food and courteous staff. This is one of those gems. Highly recommend the veggie combo platter
Best Erhiopian I've had. Mom and Pop owners are really nice. Definitely one of my favorite low cost spots to eat.
Delicious food, great service. Very reasonable prices for the city. Best Ethiopian food I had in the Bay Area for a long time. Defiantly coming back and try a few more dishes.
Cute little hole in the wall spot. Awesome food. We had a Veggie Combo plate and Veggie Sambussas for an appetizer. The Sambussas were so yummy, we had to order another one. We were hoping for a glass of honey wine, but they don't have a liquor license. However, you're free to bring you're own drinks if you like.
Another treasure hunt led me to this compact Ethiopian spot deep in the 'Loin. Again a waft of positive Yelp reviews gave me the courage to gird my loins after dark and find my way to Ellis between Leavenworth and Jones where this cafe resides. Even though it was just past 8PM by the time I arrived, it was nearly full up with diners who didn't look like they were going anywhere soon. Luckily by the time I ordered at the counter, the front table opened up. I asked the woman at the register what she recommended since I was unfamiliar with everything on the menu except kitfo and injera (photo: bit.ly/1Dt2tGn). Kitfo is a bit like Hamburger Helper, Ethiopian style, which is not a bad thing but probably more meat-heavy than I had in mind for an entree.In the meantime, who wouldn't want to start with an Ethiopian empanada called Sambussa, where you get three large, deep-fried turnover-like creations filled with lentil beans, onions and peppers? A trio for $4 struck me as a good deal, and it was, especially with a huge ramekin of a light marinara-like tomato sauce for dipping (photo: bit.ly/1EST1vN). For my entree, I decided on the $12.50 Gomen Besega, a house specialty that takes a huge round of injera, the spongy native bread of Ethiopia, and then covers it with cooked collard greens mixed with bits of minced lamb, garlic and onion. There was a thicker version of the tomato sauce on the side, which I think mixed in mashed lentil beans, as well as a fresh salad (photo: bit.ly/1ESSTfG).On top of this generous portion came a basket of rolled injera which they served like bottomless mimosas (photo: bit.ly/1FwgaE4). By the time I depleted half of it, more injera came out as if it somehow multiplied in the kitchen. No matter since I happen to be a fan, and this one had a less vinegary taste than I've had at other Ethiopian spots. I was full by the time I was halfway through my entree, so I asked for a box which they happily provided. The owner came by to see if I enjoyed the food, and he shared with me his story about being a cabbie who dreamed of opening a place where he could serve his grandmother's recipes. Mission accomplished as the food has a very home-style flavor to it that tempers the exotic aspects of the cuisine. I plan to come back in the daytime when I can more freely walk there.FOOD - 4 stars...home-style Ethiopian with the most flavorful injera in town (sorry Moya!)AMBIANCE - 3 stars...a bit tight in space but the interior is brightly lit and cleanSERVICE - 3.5 stars...quite friendly and accommodatingTOTAL - 4 stars...if you're in the mood for Ethiopian, this is no Tenderloin trap
I love Ethiopian food. I was in the neighborhood so thought I'd try it out.Had the vegetarian platter. Very solid ... very good. Was definitely satisfied. It's a very small place, very clean and the service was very good. Hope to return soon and try more dishes. Definitely check it out if you're in the neighborhood.
Starving like Marvin we came in here based on Yelp. Ordered the veggie combo dish and the chicken ribs... Couldn't stop eating!excellent friendly service, delicious food, very reasonable prices. Can byob with no corkage fee.
This place is delicious, very clean, and top food value for your money. Do visit. Come hungry. Would eat everyday. 9.5/10 (lost half marks because their chairs can be kinda uncomfortable)
Kifto is really great! The service is fast and nice. Only downside is that you have to walk through the sketchy neighborhood. But the restaurant is really clean.Don't forget to order kifto as medium rare. If it's cooked too much, it loses that awesomeness.
Stopped by here for lunch this weekend before seeing a show at the Orpheum.This is a small restaurant, with a clean, modern industrial look inside, with bold colors and nice art on the walls.Friendly, helpful service, so even if you have no experience with Ethiopian food you should feel confident that you'll know what you're getting.Great food. Bold flavors, both for the meats and the vegetables. The lamb tibs were my personal favorite - outstanding.We had a table of four, and of course were looking for variety. We ordered a vegetarian combination along with the lamb tibs and the beef kitfo. That was plenty of food for the four of us. If you're in this area, you need to go support this restaurant.
Wow this food is good!My partner and I went there for a Sunday lunch. The restaurant wasn't busy at all, which was probably for the best since they only have like seven tables.It's also located in a rough part of town. It's in the heart of the Tenderloin, so be prepared for all the sights (and smells) that entails. With that out of the way, the food definitely made it worth the trip! We started with beef sambussas, which were fantastic. The meat had a delightful combination of spices, and the dipping sauce they came with was also spicy and full of flavor.For our main course, we had an order of lamb tibs and another of beef tibs, served with injera. This is essentially a platter of heavily spiced meat, served with vegetables and cheese. Injera is the Ethiopian version of a crepe. You get as much as you can eat, and you also pick up the meat with it, as there is no silverware. We both thought the lamb tasted better than the beef (each was cooked in different spices), but both were awesome. We finished with Ethiopian coffee. I'm not much of a coffee drinker, and I still thought it was quite good.Overall, every single thing we ate was delicious. The prices were all super cheap, and we walked out of Tadu with our stomachs feeling thoroughly stuffed. I will definitely be back!
Tadu is in the heart of the Tenderloin, so don't be surprised by the neighboring sights (and smells). But hey, the Tenderloin is also where you can get fantastic food of all kinds without spending a ton of money, and Tadu is no exception to this.Once you find the restaurant and walk in, you'll notice that there isn't much in the way of decor (or seating). But don't be deceived by the sketchy surroundings and unassuming decor, the food is great and the staff are so friendly!Our really nice server recommended that we split the lamb and chicken tibs and veggie platter between three people. He was really patient about explaining the various dishes and that the injera (Ethiopian sourdough bread with the consistency of a spongy crepe) was unlimited! To eat the meal, you rip the bread and use it to pick up various cooked meats and vegetables. It's a really social experience among friends, since everyone is reaching into and eating from the same communal platter. There was a wide variety of spices, textures, and flavors featured on the platter. Everything tasted pretty amazing, and we were very satisfied by the end of the meal. We were even more satisfied to discover that this very filling and enjoyable dinner cost us less than $15 each!I probably never would have found this place if my friend hadn't insisted on "Ethiopian food" for dinner, but I'm glad he did, because the Yelp reviews don't lie -- this place is a hole-in-the-wall treasure!
Bottom line: Tadu is delicious, reasonable, and has great service. I love good Ethiopian food and the only other place I've tried so far in SF is Massawa but we were disappointed-it was a bit overpriced for small portions and they limit injera. For anyone that is new to it, I recommend getting a combo platter (my only gripe is that Tadu does a veggie combo but not a meat one). We got a veggie platter and added a meat tibs, the flaxseed drink was very good as well. Seating is pretty limited but the restaurant is clean and bright.
Fantastic service and awesome food. If you can handle spices and don't mind eating with your hands: Tadu is THE place to come.No alcoholic beverages available but bringing your own is fine and there used to not have any corkage fee.Place is small so big groups will have a hard time. Only one or two spots for 4 ppl. The rest is small and good for 2 or 3 at most.
Very delicious. Area was shady but food was really good. Sometimes you have to go the distance to find great food.
San Francisco has a lack of decent Ethiopian food so I was excited to try Tadu when it first opened. We ordered a bunch of veggie dishes and all gluten free injera. I would say the quality here is much better than Moya, but not as good as Cafe Colucci in Oakland.Gluten free notes: They have gluten free injera $3 however I got very, very sick after eating here. Unsure what the issue was - maybe someone accidentally added regular injera? Anyhow, not worth the risk for me to go back. Try Cafe Colucci in Oakland instead.
Everything was pretty epic, not a single complaint. We had the veggie combo and all the dishes were delish. It comes with the Kik Alicha, Misir Wot, Gomen and Alicha Tikil Gomen with sides of Azifa, buticha and salad. It's quite a feast on its own. Highly recommend you go with this choice and get the best of all worlds.I also had some of the Special Kifto (lean ground beef, onions and jalapeno sauteed with special spices and homemade butter) and it was great but not as amazing as the veggie dishes. Service was great, they are really friendly and fast.
I've lived in Ethiopia for two years and can be quite picky about Ethiopian food, but this place is pretty solid (compared to other restaurants in SF).Definitely order the vegetarian fir fir (fir fir is injera with injera, such a weird concept, but seriously one of my favorite dishes!) - they mix in bell peppers, onions, and shiro giving it a nice and thick consistency. It could use a bit more kick (berbere) though!Their vegetarian bayinet (or combo) was pretty standard, nothing too special.Sambusas were good, but not very Ethiopian-esque. The outside was like wonton wrappers and it came with a Thai-inspired dipping sauce?Anyway, I'd definitely come back for some firfir as this place has cheap and good eats!
Tadu was quite good, but didn't live up to the hype. The food, service, and ambiance were all solid, but I wasn't blown away.My friend and I shared the sambussas (the ground meat ones were better than the lentil ones), a veggie combo (the lentils and salad were quite tasty, but the collard greens and cabbage were a bit bland), and the lamb tibs (it was a bit dry and too spicy - I would have preferred a wetter preparation with more gravy).The service was polite, friendly, and fast.The restaurant itself was clean, well-lit, and welcoming. I appreciated the sink outside the restroom for pre and post meal hand washing. The Tenderloin location is, of course, less than desirable.Overall, a good, but not amazing, meal.
Wonderful traditional Ethiopian food!!! Four of us shared the vegetarian combo, sambussa, and buticha salad and extra injera it was so good!!!! Lots of verity and helpful staff. Good prices and lots of food! Very clean facility including the bathroom
If you are looking for fancy this is not your place, it's the food you come here for.Small place, accommodating host and good food. We got the vegetarian combo platter and lamb tibits and it was all good, the collard greens were exceptional! The eve I was there the ex-ambassador to Ethiopia was eating these with a group of 18. It you want beer the store across the street sells chilled single bottle.
Pretty decent Ethiopian. It's very small in there and they had to play Tetris with the tables. The staff were very nice though. I was not a fan of the eggplant. It was just like a stir fry that you attempt at home but it doesn't turn our right. Everything else I ate was pretty standard Ethiopian fare that you expect in the US - lentils, cabbage, collard greens, all solid. Vegetarian options are good.
A girl I was seeing really liked Ethiopian food, but I hadn't had it i around 7 years so I looked for a place near the Civic Center where I'd be meeting here. Found this place, it had crushingly good reviews and was a 5 minute walk.It's a tiny 5 table restaurant, but they do table service and the place was clean and the wait staff are super friendly. We shared the veggie combo plate that comes with a little over everything vegetarian, and a grilled lamb dish. It was all served on a giant piece of Ethiopian bread, and with a basket of the same on the side. Other than plates and napkins, there are no utensils given (unless asked). You wrap the bread around the protein and shove it in your mother.$30 got more than enough food for 2 people and we took half home. Great value, nice people.
If you're looking for a food adventure, this is it. Enjoyed a veggie combo to-go - perfect combination of spices, flavors and textures. You can tell a lot of time and effort was put into making the dish as delectable as it was.This place is a small, local gem. Would give it 6 stars if I could.Update:Went back again with some friends and loved it just as much the second time. Lamb tibs are a must!
Yelp rarely lets me down...and it did not tonight.We had tickets for Book or Mormon, when I tried to find restaurants around the theatre from my home computer - they were a bunch in the tenderloin and a bunch of Union Square options none of them thrilled me.I wasn't until I yelped NEAR the theatre on my phone that this little gem popped up. 5 Stars - heck yes I will try it.This place is in a cruddy neighborhood, and the dining room is smaller than my living room , 20 people maybe (max) and that would be a cozy bunch.We asked if they had wine "no", then we asked if we could bring in a bottle "yes" - the we went across the street of a bottle and asked them for a wine opener "no" - SO when you buy the wine at the little bodega across the street - have them open it for you. The little fried apps everyone is talking about - YES, get them, in fact yet one lentil order and one beef order...We only had the beef, but I could have eaten all 3 by myself.Then we split a vegetarian plate with some lamb tibs (maybe tips). It came with a HUGE side of injera bread that was nice a fluffy and a little bit sour. The platter had several items, a salad with 2 dips on top, then some collard greens, a potato/carrot/cabbage curry type thing, and 2 lentil dips - one yellow one orange, and of course the lamb with lots of onions and jalapenos - SPCY but great.Service was very accommodating - allowing the wine, getting us cups for the wine, getting more chairs to help some people with a larger crowd, no rush to hurry and finish.
Tiny spot in the 'loin. We picked up our comestibles and headed home. I ordered the veggie platter. So solid, great service, affordable. Get your injera on, and prepare for a carb coma. Yoooomeeeee!
Nice and healthy food. Have vegan/vegetarian options. We initially ordered one Sambussa, but later ordered 4 more. It's awesome. I ordered one vegetarian combo. It's good. My friends ordered one chicken and lamb tibs. There ordered it again for second time. It's great.One note: all the food includes salad, so don't order salad separately.
One of the best restaurants in San Francisco ! Very authentic! Full of tastes and colors!Will be back soon .. Highly recommend !
Servings here are generous. We ordered the vegetarian combination (great way to sample all of the vegetarian dishes instead of ordering just one), the chicken tibs, and the beef firfir. Tips:If you like spicy - go with the Firfir (beef, not the lamb - they said they can't make the lamb as spicy). Got the chicken tibs as "spicy" as well but it definitely didn't have nearly as much kick as the beef firfir.On wait times - came here on a Saturday night near closing time (8:40 pm) and they let us in (there was even a waiting line); pretty sure they kept letting people in around 9pm and maybe 10 minutes after.All in all - the food was good but it wasn't mindblowingly better than Moya (I actually thought it was on par) so I think I'll stick with ordering from Moya and then eating at the City Beer Store (they let you bring food in) so that I can have delicious Ethiopian with delicious beer :).
Simply amazing! I usually order the kitfo med rare with shiro. Good combo. The lamb tibs is really good too.
Come here - you will not be disappointed. We ordered a veggie combination with lamb tibs and the flavors were incredible! The prices are affordable and the plates are massive. The owners and staff members are kind, generous and can help you pick a dish you will love. In an age of fast food and individualized meals we rarely sit down and share a plate. The Ethiopian style of eating left us feeling satisfied, and more closely bonded - there is something deeply satisfying about sharing food. TADU is a great place to split dishes and share together. It is an experience...you will not forget...in a good way.
Super fresh food by lovely people. They were warm and generous from the moment we sat down. The food is balanced so well, and full of flavor. My 12 year old daughter also loved it, particularly the chicken tibs! We will be back for sure.
They roast their own coffee beans. Really good Ethiopian coffee.I enjoyed their Vege Platter. Owner was also kind enough to allow us to split the Kitfo into a Special and Normal Kitfo.Solid place. I'll be back!
I'm originally from Ethiopia, I know how the real Ethiopian foods tastes like and I been looking for a great Ethiopian restaurant here in SF.. Tadu woooooooooow I love everything from the menu. I'm a Kitfo lover and I don't believe some restaurant's spice because I know the real Ethiopian spice taste but Tadu Kitfo is the best like homemade. Since my first day at Tadu I never disappointed cause I found everything always the same!!!I highly recommended Tadu for who are looking for the real Ethiopian restaurant.
Just came to this place with my boyfriend to eat. We saw it had good reviews and so checked it out. When we came in, the owner was very friendly and helpful when it came to the cuisine. The food was delicious! I recommend stopping by if you have the chance. Very good!
Yabetta caaall Tadoooooooonnne!Butya can't use myy phoooooone!Bc too busy photogging my food.(^_^) Beef Tibs #spicaaymissyelliott(^_^) Lamb Tibs #datcartilagedoe(?_?) Rib Tibs (they were out!)(^_^) Hot Sauce #dontwearasweater(^_^) Telba #cracklinoatbran(-_^) Spice Powder #alsonosweater(-_^) Baklava #sweetsweetbackTerykah Tadu is a refreshing gem in a literally stizzank area. #donttripyouknowaintnothintender You can bet I #whitneyhoustonxkevincostner bodyguarded frendo afterward ALL the way from the restooooo to the ride! to the ride!
This is my first time here. I haven't had the opportunity yet to try many of their dishes. However, I will be returning to try others items on the menu. I had the kifto - AMAZING! It was perfectly spiced with flavor and heat. I'm dining alone, so there were leftovers. The place is very small with only 6 tables. I came at 1:00 and didn't have to wait. Service was fast and the server was nice and polite.
I was searching for a gluten free restaurant in the tenderloin and this one kept coming up as the top one (gf or regular), so I thought fate must want me to go. I was not disappointed!It feels like a little while in the wall (maybe 4 small tables total) with Ethiopian art in the wall. The food was delicious and came very quickly! I ordered the lamb tibs with greens (which they gave to me for free) and the gluten free injera ($3 more). It was all so flavorful and not too spicy (they can add spice if you want). I couldn't finish it in one sitting and gladly took leftovers for later. This place is a gem!
The restaurant is very small, but you can bring your own bottle, which is better because you get exactly what you want for cheaper.The vegetarian platter has seven dishes, providing a good selection of dishes. It was all delicious. Hard to say what was best as I was too busy eating to be discerning as to which was best.The lamb tibs and special kitfo were quickly and thoroughly enjoyed by my omnivorous companions. They report high levels of spiciness.
Very good Ethiopian food - I'll be back despite it not being that accessible neighborhood wise for me. Appreciate their willingness to cook for restrictioms, and they have GF injera. Also, super friendly staff! Yum
Look, imma drop some knowledge on you: your experience in an Ethiopian restaurant depends on who does the ordering. If you or anyone in your party does the ordering, you fail. If you work with either an experienced waiter, or better yet the proprietor, tell him what you like, and HE figures out your order for you, you gonna eat a lot of win. Figuring out the best guy to order from can be a little bit of a conversation, but you just smile and roll with it and if the proprietor jumps in ain't nobody gonna be offended.Boom, there you go.The food here is super clean, well prepared, deliciously spiced, served fast (in my experiences), and an extremely good deal. The injera is made from real tef and has that great slightly sour taste. Both the meat and veg options are great here - you can't go wrong. The guy running it is a friendly bloke. Just talk about what kind of food you like and ask him how much he suggests. He'll mix it up and you won't be completely sure what all you're paying for and it will still be a great deal.There's a reason this place has only one 1-star and 2-star reviews - either it's because people be crazy, or they're still ironing out a couple service issues. Look when you show up at a popular, small joint, and you're not the first one there, you need to get your patient on. When you eat Ethiopian it's not just the food that's part of the cultural experience - you have to jump into the whole interaction, from getting seated to ordering to enjoying your meal.
Went here after a Giants game. So glad I did. Walking there takes you along some shady zones but it's worth the venture. The place is small. One 4 top and five 2 person tables. The menu is pretty basic, which I think makes sense for a smaller place. I had the special kitfo and peas. Wow, the kitfo was so flavorful. The recipes sits well above many other places I've been. The peas were lightly flavored and their creaminess matched the kitfo well.
Good Ethiopian food at good prices and good service - not much more to ask for (maybe nicer location?). It's cozy and clearly owner operated day to day with that small business charm.We just missed getting an available table when we walked in and had to wait 20 or so minutes but it was worth it. The owner offered us for free the beef sambussa appetizer as we waited which was very nice of him and didn't hurt that it tasted great.As its Ethiopian food, you order items that are placed on a communal thin sponge like bread that has a little sourdough tang to it. We got the lamb ribs and vegetarian combo. Both were great and more than enough to fill the two of us.The Telba drink was also great. It's flaxseed and honey and ends up tasting like a sweet healthy breakfast.
Oakland and Berkeley have long bested San Francisco when it comes to quantity and quality of Ethiopian/Eritrean food, but with the recent opening of Tadu, the scales may finally be tipping. This was the best Ethiopian meal I've had in SF. The veggie combo and chicken tibs tasted so fresh and full of flavor. The staff was friendly. The prices were reasonable. And with its high ceilings, vibrant paint and exposed steel beams, the small seating area felt relaxed and unimposing.Ask for the not-so-spicy "spicy sauce," a traditional housemade awaze sauce that complements the flavors if you need a little something extra.
This was our first time trying out Ethiopian food. And we really loved it! This is a newly opened restaurant in the Tenderloin (my hood!). It's literally one block from our apt. Love the bright colors and Ethiopian art. It's a very small place. Probably fit 12-16 people. There is a table or two outside also. But service was fast and friendly so prob won't have to wait that much (for lunch anyway, when we went). I ordered the Tibs with lamb and hubs ordered the vegetarian combo. All served on top of injera bread. I think this was best way to introduce ourselves to the cuisine: one meat and assortment of veggies. So you eat with your hands, and use injera bread to pick up the dishes. A really fun experience and the delicious food made it even better. The food reminded me of various Mediterranean and even Carribean dishes (the sambusa appetizer esp), so yummy.I think this place will be really popular, if not already. Especially to vegetarians/vegans, they have a lot of options. So glad we live close by because we will be back very soon, and often. Great value also, good prices.
This place is out of control good. I've been here twice and both times it was heaven. One order of sambussas and one veggie combo will make a filling meal for two vegetarians. If you're really hungry, order two of the vegetarian dishes. You can have them served together on one big injera so you can share. My favorite of the vegetarian dishes is the Shiro Wot. The Misir Wot is a close second. I like spicy food though. If you don't, you might like the Kik Alicha Wot better. As a bonus - the owner is really welcoming and clearly excited about the food.
Superb, had the lamb tibs & the kitfo and it was perfection. A tip; there are a number of homeless folks in the area, so walk to the restaurant via Leavensworth instead of Jones St.
I really enjoyed the vegetable combination.
Best Ethiopian I've had anywhere, though I can't claim my palate is well established for that cuisine. This place is also sparkling clean and has great service, rarities in its part of the city.
My first time trying Ethiopian and I was very pleasantly surprised! I'm, I would say, moderately adventurous in my tastes and my husband is more so and wanted to go here. We had the veg platter and he added kifto that was medium rare, probably more on the rare side. It was awesome. The injera was very good. Service was pleasant and nice to give us directions on where to go with the menu/questions. We didn't wait long even though they were insanely busy. Neighborhood is of course a bit sketch being in the center of the tenderloin but it's worth it!
Awesome place in a controversial neighborhood. The food is so o tasty and the stuff is super friendly and helpful.
The food was delicious!  We ordered the vegetarian combo and the lamb tibs for two people. We loved the variety of the veggie combo which comes with 5 different items and the lamb tibs is so flavorful with two sprigs of rosemary right in our dish.  The restaurant is small but the food comes out fast. I will be back when I have my Ethiopian food craving again!
Nice little ethiopian spot here in the city. Me and my three friends had Kitfo, lamb tibs and Shiro. Everything taste delicious and very authentic. Kale Ab our waiter was extremely nice. We will definitely be back here. Go check it yelpers !!!!
For a vegetarian, this a good healthy option with good potion of greens, lentils and grain.
I enjoyed my meal and service. The waitress was very patient and explained all our questions. We tried both meat & veg dishes both flavorful. I enjoyed the spicy ground beef (forgot the name). The injera (bread/utensil) was good texture and flavor, as well as never-ending servings. Very attentive waitress added to the positive vibe of Tadu.Tiny space with colorful decor.Great place for couples (first date or steady), meet with pals, or out-of-town guests. But note this place is tiny so not ideal for groups larger than 4.
I've never tasted Ethiopian food before so I thought I'd give it a try. This place does not disappoint!I had the vegetarian combo, sambussa and some Ethiopian coffee. All highly recommended. The only word of advice I'd give is that this joint is located in the tenderloin region and is not the safest place in San Francisco. Still definitely give this place a go! Full stars on service, food and a cuisine you shouldn't miss!
I forget to eat Ethiopian as regularly as I should. I freakin' love Ethiopian food. There is something about the spongy bread, the beautiful colors and the amazing range of flavors that just does it for me. While staying in San Francisco, I looked up vegan-friendly places to eat within walking distance to my hotel in the Tenderloin. Tadu came up and I kept bugging my companion to go there - when we did, we were not disappointed. Like many restaurants in the Tenderloin, it's small. It was completely packed with a diverse crowd when we came in and we got seated basically in the back hallway. I didn't care. The food was yummy (vegetarian platter), the service was prompt and friendly and the bread seemed unlimited...don't quote me on that, but we had plenty! I want to go back...I may have left my heart in San Francisco!
I have been meaning to write a review for this place since I went with my sister back in November. Yes, it's in a sketchy area of the tenderloin, however the restaurant is part of a movement to make the area safe and taking an uber, taxi or lyft, you can avoid the more questionable surrounding streets.We came around 530pm and it was already packedm this is a very small place and the wait for takeout was 20minutes so we figured tables would free up in that time anyway. The owner went out of his way to accommodate both us and the party behind us, adding two extra tables and apologizing profusely for us having waited outside. Food is huge portions and really well spiced. We had the veg platter which I recommend because you taste evrything as well as the lamb tibs. There is a ton of meat, they really dont skimp on it and the flavours are good. We also ordered some samosa like appetizer which was good and came with a sort of chutney sauce. The owner actually comped us the appetizer which was totally unexpected but really nice of him. It looks like a family run business and service was great, water was refilled and unlimited spongy bread to go with our meal. Prices are super reasonable. I would highly recommend this place as one of the best ethiopian places in the Bay Area. My sister had never had ethiopian before but I think shes been converted after dining here.
I love Ethiopian food and while this still doesn't beat Ethiopia restaurant $7 all you can eat buffet in Berkeley in terms of value and taste, it is local and has a nice ambiance, and good service. The place is very colorful and a lot of the clients were Ethiopian. This is good, I tend to take that as an auspicious sign when i see natives eating at an ethnic food place. It confirms authenticity. The music was rocking, too bad I don't understand amharic. Everything was new, clean and well organized.I ordered the vegetarian combo, and it came with a few cold veggie sides that were amazing and unfortunately like most things on their menu difficult to pronounce. Nice to know that if you aren't a fan of injera you can order their rice (Kinche) or even wheat or sourdough bread instead. You also have the option at a premium to get your injera gluten free. The best part about this place is the service, when the waitress wasn't busy catering to the local TL vagabonds wandering in for napkins, she was taking orders/payments, refilling the water, and bread. Though I declined more injera, she was pretty insistant I take another refill, very sweet. Nothing on that plate disappointed, the injera was cold and a bit dry but other than that the food really hit the spot. I couldn't finish it all and took half of the plate home. It made for a great breakfast the next morning. The Vegetarian combo cost $13 excluding tip so it isn't something to eat every day. I actually think it is pricier than Moya on 9th street. They have been open for 3 weeks and I'm surprised I'm the first review. Please offer a lunch buffet or cheaper lunch menu like Moya does with different lunch/dinner menus and you will have me hooked!
Eating at Tadu feels like eating at your aunt's house. The tiny seating area was full of people and the bright colors and art were welcoming. It really is tiny, but it's clean and brightly lit so I didn't mind being so close to the other tables. We got lamb tibs ($12.95) which were a little dry but the onions and rosemary flavoring was so good we devoured it. We got the kitfo (12.95) which was buttery and had a strong umami flavor. I would recommend it if you really love meat. We also got the cabbage (9.95) , which could have used some salt but was a great balance to the lamb and beef. The owner came around a couple of times to make sure we were comfortable which I always appreciate. 9/10 food9/10 ambience and noise level10/10 service and pricing
Weekday evening - 6PMAfter having my first Ethiopian food experience a week earlier (and being mildly impressed) at Oasis Cafe over on Divisadero, I thought it would be a good time to compare/contrast with the best around. Tadu is the highest rated Ethiopian spot in the city, one of the highest overall in the Tenderloin, and I live 10 minutes walk away, so it seemed like a match made in heaven. I had some trouble finding the place because it's kind of hidden away, so I encourage you to plan routes and save maps before you go, just in case. Once you find it, and figure out that the door closes automatically behind you (weird slow door, everyone makes the same mistake), you step inside and see only 5-6 tables. I was trying this place out with fellow Yelper Jessie L., as both of us hadn't had the pleasure of having 5-star Ethiopian food. It's good we came at 6PM sharp, because when we left at 7, there were 7-8 people waiting outside on the sidewalk. On a recommendation from a friend (who lived in Ethiopia), we ordered the vegetarian firfir, but I believe we got the vegetarian combo instead (I didn't notice this). We also got the lamb tibs, and the beef sambussas as an appetizer. Appetizers come out separately, and for the mains you have the choice of individual plates or one large plate for all the entrees. I recommend getting the traditional large plate! It's a nice change of pace from everywhere else, it's good for groups, and you get a nice big injera that soaks up the flavor from the food and becomes a different taste in every bite. One big plus is the extra injera (spongy pancake-y crepe-y thing) with free refills if you need it. We didn't - 2 main entrees and 1 basket of injera was more than enough, and most of the foods are high in carbs.The sambussas were nice - would have liked 4 pieces instead of 3, and maybe cooked a little more (in comparison, Greek spanakopita is similar and is usually browned and crispy on the outer layer - this was just a little bit crispy on the outside and soft inside. The beef filling was moist and packed a punch of flavor.The lamb tibs were cooked well and there was enough for 2 people - here again the flavor was very nice but not overpowering. I loved mixing the lamb tibs with different parts of the vegetarian combo inside a piece of injera - injera lamb wraps! Vegetarian combo was a nice variety of what they can make - I only wish we were able to try the firfir. Overall I'd say 4 to 4.5 stars. Value for money was good, and service was good, as you may expect in such small confines. The flavor was there and portions were more than enough for 2 people (2 entrees + 1 appetizer) - my friend with extensive Ethiopian experience judged it about the same.
Yes, yes yes yes yes!!! This small restaurant serves excellent food. We reserved a table and the owner even put a lovely "reserved" sign on it and greeted me with the most friendly of attitudes. The service was prompt and quick. Food was delivered hot and delicious and the vegetarian combo was soooo good. Sure, the neighborhood isn't the best. Saw a few people shooting up drugs on my way over from Civic Center, but Tadu is worth the trek. I would DEFINITELY come back. Thank you for everything, Tadu!
Great Ethiopian restaurant in San Francisco! Very creative dishes and not all pureed baby-food type like most other Ethiopian places. Not much seating inside, so sometimes there is a line. Located in the scary Tenderloin, so if you make it in alive, it's worth it.
The food is amazing. But the care with which the owner sees that you have a great experience is even better
In the heart of the Tenderloin, we didn't expect such a wonderful restaurant! It's not fancy, but very clean, and the food looks and tastes amazingly fresh and flavorful. You can tell the owners really care about what they serve, and we LOVED it. So good! We will be back often. Thank you!
Amazing food and extremely friendly staff and owner.Try the tips and veg sampler!!!
I've had vegetarian combos at Ethiopian restaurants all over the country. This was good but not exceptional. As usual, the red lentils were my favorite nice and spicy. Chickpeas were good. The potato chunks were a bit large and ungainly as well as kind of crunchy. But there was something nice and tasty served with the salad I'd never tasted before. I'd go there again even if the neighborhood is marginal.
Note: This restaurant is in the SKETCHIEST part of SF. Tenderloin has time and time again been ranked #1 in SF for violent crime. That being said, the food here is AMAZING! I highly recommend the Veggie Combo!The place is surprisingly perfectly clean despite the location, and the service is great. The staff is friendly and attentive, and even offers to refill your injera (Ethiopian bread) basket for FREE! Definitely worth the trip! Just be extra cautious at all times outside the restaurant, and travel there with a group :) Would not recommend venturing into this area at night.
Delicious and different. Tadu pures a lot of their food so classics like lentils and yellow split peas are smoother than usual. I love Ethiopian food and appreciate that they are making it their own.I had the veggie combo, which is affordable and delicious. The spices are balanced and the lentils, veggies, and beans are well-cooked. My favorite was the carrots and cabbage dish.I had never had the pured chick peas and pured eggplant before. They are really good, basically a spicier version of hummus.All in all, more than worth the trip to the Tenderloin.
Incredible. Neat. Authentic. Amazing. Small dining space but a refined and remodeled interior in an otherwise seedy part of town. Personal service and recommendation was great as well.
So freaaaaaaking delicious. I've only just started trying Ethiopian food, and let me just say, if you haven't tried it you're missing out. Had the chicken tibs with injera and the ritko sandwich. The ayub cheese will change your life. Don't forget to finish off with some Ethiopian coffee (seriously, the best coffee, and starting to be come my absolute favorite).Great service and great food. Will be back again!
The place was really small -- just seven little tables for two people each, with random extra chairs here and there to squeeze in a third. Prepare for a moderate wait, especially since there only appears to be one waiter. However, that waiter was very friendly and fairly attentive, given that he had seven tables to deal with. But the main thing is the food. SO GOOD. The injera is perfect, not too moist and not too dry, and the vegetarian combo was pretty perfect (and a great value at around $12!). I really loved the vegetable medley, which consisted of mushrooms with bell peppers and onions in Ethiopian spices. I've never had a dish like that at an Ethiopian place before, and it was really tasty. Highly recommended!
I came here on a Monday evening around 8pm with a few friends. While seating is rather sparse, especially for groups larger than two, plenty of seats were available when we walked in.We had the beef sambussa to start, and the lamb and beef tibs with injera as entrees. The sambussa was a dumpling-like appetizer, with juicy, slightly spicy ground beef wrapped in a perfectly crunchy and flaky shell of dough, and accompanied with a orange dipping sauce which added a ton of seasoning without overpowering the taste of the wrapping or the beef. The injera was just as it should be, soft and spongy, without being overpowering or too sour. I absolutely recommend the lamb tibs -- tender lamb cubes sauted with the most delicious caramelized onions, and seasoned heavily with black pepper and not much else. While not readily apparently after the first few bites, the lamb tibs are actually low-key spicy, and will definitely warm you up after a while. It's not the best Ethiopian food I've ever had, but it's definitely up there.
Amazing food, great customer service.Their waiter/cashier, Caleb has a nice, warm friendly smile and personality.The menu with photos and pricing is on their website.I ordered the Sambussa with beef appetizer, Lamb Tibs with Injera as the entre, and Telba as a drink. The Sambussa is a crunchy, fried, meaty ball of deliciousness, kind of like a samosa (wait, is it a samosa?). They give you 3 nice triangles with a nice sauce to go with it (I wish they'd give more sauce, because it was very flavorful, lots of spices). The Lamb tibs is very delicious, served over a layer of Injera, with vegetables and tomatoes that give it a nice acidic flavor to the umami lamb. I recommend mixing everything together and use the Injera to grab the mixture, shove it in your mouth and lick your fingers. DO NOT TOUCH YOUR EYES!!! IT IS VERY FUCKING SPICY!!! Luckily for you, their sink is right outside their bathroom, so you can quickly wash your hands, blow your nose, and get right back to eating. Umm, on that note, be wary bringing a first time date here. I highly highly recommend ordering Telba, if you are ordering anything else, Telba is always the perfect compliment! Caleb, the super nice, friendly Ethiopian dude gave me some small sample of Telba and it was like sucking on the tit of Goddess (cause it comes with a straw). It tastes rather creamy with the texture of a basil seed drink and the flavor of a grounded cereal mix. I highly highly recommend ordering it, because it will help cool you down by counteracting the incredibly spicy food.A couple of warnings: the food is very spicy, so don't touch your face. There are no utensils unless you ask (but please, just use your hands), and there is no parking, take the bus. Peace and godspeed.
The best vegetarian comb in the Bay Area. The food is authentic and delicious. The service is impeccable. They have gluten free injera option. I will definitely keep coming back.
This is my favorite restaurant in the city. Take a group of friends and share something like the lamb tibs, vegetarian combo, and the vegetable melody dish. Also try some of their coffee, which is ground right there for individual cups so it is very smooth. Going to the area is always an adventure because this is in the Tenderloin, but don't let that deter you. The owner is very friendly and even gave a sample of another dish to try.
Amazing Ethiopian food...I felt like I was back home in Ethiopia at a neighborhood spot.I was there last weekend with my sister for a birthday lunch...everything was so flavorful and delicious...I recommend the beg tibs and for sure the kitfo *if you can hang!!The service was so great and it was so nice to be fawned over on my b-day!
Great food! first time trying ethiopian and this place is really worth trying! i'm gonna go back soon!
I'm definitely going to be frequenting this restaurant after my first visit tonight.I've always been a huge fan of Ethiopian cuisine, with New Eritrea being one of my favorite SF spots. The only drawback about New Eritrea is that it's all the way in the Sunset, which isn't very conveniently located for me (but they're still worth the drive)!But I digress. I was so glad the girlfriend found this spot on Yelp that was so close to where we work and on our way home. When we first walked it, it appears to be completely full, all tables occupied. The sweet owner asked us if we wanted to dine in and pulled out an extra table that fit perfectly in the little nook of space left in the room.We ordered the Special Kitfo (medium rare), The beef Tibs, and the vegetarian combination. Despite there only being two employees running the show, the chef and the server, our meal came out with hardly a wait and everything was delicious! If I had to pick a favorite dish, it'd probably have to be the Kitfo Special. But the beef Tibs was a very close runner up.If you're on the fence about this place, jump off already! There's a reason they have such high ratings. Great service & amazing food. Let the food speak for itself. :)
Yummy food. Ordered the vegetarian platter. It was great. Small space but still comfy.
OverallEthiopian vegan food that tastes amazing which it fills me 120% at a great price, served by super nice people who help you out indefinitely. Side note... Suffers of trypophobia be warnedFoodAs a Ethiopian food lover its hard for me to deny the food. Delicious vegan plates and quite a number of vegan choices. And I cant stress any more that it is soooooo filling. For the price I would ear here all the time.ServiceReally good service. Everyone was very helpful and patient. A very friendly bunch of people who are involved with your orders and service. A family and friend environment.
Love! I am thrilled to have an Ethiopian restaurant closer to home. Traditionally, my partner and I would pickup takeout from different restaurants when I would get Ethiopian food, because he thought he didn't like it (which I could never understand). So the first time I got food from Tadu, I gave him a taste of the perfectly spiced misir from my veggie combo and of the chicken tibs, and he was a convert. The food is always ready quickly, and the person at the counter is as friendly as can be. I finish work at 10 and find myself craving these dishes all week, so the only way this could be better is if there were delivery and later hours. Then I could have it everyday.
Hands down, best Ethiopian in SF.
Yummy but their vegetable combination platter was not as good as the one at Cafe Ethiopia. It's a small place and kind of tight on seating.
Awesome Food :) One the Best Ethiopian Foods, I ever had.
I rarely give 5 star reviews on a first visit, but felt compelled to do so for Tadu. Right off the bat we were greeted and offered a seat. Throughout the visit there were friendly vibes all around.The veggie combo and chicken tibs were plenty of food for two guys who just rode 18 miles on bike and ran another 4 miles. Highly recommend the drink, "telba"--roasted then ground flax seeds in water and sweetened with honey. Very refreshing.Really hope that Tadu thrives in the neighborhood. I managed to get a couple looking through the window to come in after I gave them the "two thumbs up" gesture! Will be back with friends.
I've eaten Ethiopian food from all over and this place has very very good food. The spices are authentic, the service is great, and it's a very comfortable authentic feel.
This place is great! I've had Ethiopian food once before in Calgary and it didn't compare at all to Tadu. I had the vegetarian combo plate and my hubby had the Kifto. Both were really good and the injera was so soft! Elias took our order and we chatted with him a bit afterwards about the food. Really nice guy! He made us feel super welcome.
My boyfriend and I live in the area and wanted to try this new hole in the wall, and what a wonderful experience!!!!We shared the vegetarian platter, which was a perfect amount of food for two people who aren't starving hungry. That, plus a baklava dessert, was just right (but I wish I could have tried more!)What we loved more than all else was the service - the staff were so kind, attentive, and gracious. We felt appreciated as diners, a lovely and rare feeling these days.
Order- veggie combo. Taste- Great, yummmm. Loved their chickpeas. Service- Slow but friendly.Cost- Reasonable. Costed me $ 12.Do not miss this.
The beef tips was very delicious. The restaurant was so small and you have to wait until finding available space, but it is worth to wait if you like Ethiopian food! Service was so friendly as well
Flavorful and tasty food. Their dry spicy powder adds nice ting to the food. Ignore the neighborhood surroundings.. This small place can't be skipped
Had a craving for Ethiopian and decided to brave Ellis street to have it after reading the rave reviews. We arrived to a packed restaurant (dinner rush around 8pm on a Tuesday) and had to wait about 30 minutes for a table. This was no bother as it gave time to decide what to order and to admire the food that everyone else had ordered. The owner was very generous and about 15 minutes into our wait, brought over a complimentary appetizer to tide us over. Prior to seating us, he came back to take our order, perfectly timed since once our table became available and our drinks were poured, our hot food arrived. We ordered the veggie combo and the lamb tibs. The food was flavorful and juicy, the injera light and fluffy.As we leaned back in our chairs stuffed to the brim, the owner once again surprised us by bringing complimentary baklava to our table for dessert.Overall, it was a very nice experience. The food was tasty and reasonably priced. The icing on the cake was that the owner went out of his way to ensure we were taken care of, which was over and above our expectations.
Just had the veg combo with an add-on of lamb tibs. It was excellent! It's our first time here and we'll definitely. Parking can be challenging and the area is a tad shady but the food makes up for it.
Food is amazing! A little pricey, but they're super generous with portions.
I am in from the east coast and never tied Ethiopian food before and thought to try this while in SF. In a word OUTSTANDING, if you are in San Fran it is a must try and the great staff will recommend some great options.
Whoooooaaaaaaa. This? Was the best meal I've had in a long time. We had the special kitfo and lamb tibs. I had come with high hopes after reading a lot of good things about Tadu, and it far exceeded my expectations. We finished the meal with baklava which was also excellent. The staff is also really, really nice. I hope these guys succeed and stick around a long time.
Tadu is quaint restaurant located close to the Financial district. The neighborhood itself is a little sketchy, but not as bad as some spots in the tenderloin area. It can only seat about 20 people at a time, so be prepared to wait at least 15-20 minutes to land a table.The food is all sorts of awesome. Lamb tibs, combo plates, the kifto sandwich are all very flavorful and contain the right blend of spices. If you've never had Ethiopian food before, it is very similar to Indian in terms of the ingredients, spices and flavor. This place definitely hits the spot.Definitely a must visit.
Everything about this place, well, except for the whackjob diner who wanted to bless us by blowing her (really f-ing loud) conch, yeah, I kid you not, made me really happy. The food was flavorful and plentiful and the atmosphere is fun/casual/spacious for such a small restaurant. And the owner/host/waiter is a sweetheart. Thus, he was patient with the conch blower and gracious with with us.
What an exiting experience. I know the owner and I am proud of him. Food is greatAnd I come back again and again for the Gluten free Injera from home. I had to share this with you all.
This was my first time having Ethiopian food and I loved it! My mom and I are vegetarian and there were a ton of vegetarian options!! Our host was amazing, he recommended the veggie combo, and we thoroughly enjoyed it. The area around the restaurant (Ellis Street or something), was a bit sketch, but the restaurants aura was really upbeat and comfortable. If you want really good food and amazing service go here!!
This is very good Ethiopian food and the staff is very friendly and accommodating. The beef Tibs has great flavor and is a safe bet for anyone who has never eaten Ethiopian food before. The Sambussa appetizer with beef is also good.
Despite being close to tenderloin, the place itself is clean and quiet. I love the cute ambiance of this hole in the wall which serves good authentic Ethiopian food. We ordered the veggie platter which came with 4 different dishes, lovely spongy bread and some chutneys that were perfect to split for two people. The staff is very friendly and helpful if you're new to discovering ethiopian food.
I had read a lot about this place on Yelp and have seen in consistently rated in the Top 10 SFO restaurants. This was my first experience with Ethiopian food and needless to say, I absolutely loved it. Ordered a Vegetarian combination and Chicken Tibs. Really loved the Misir Wot and Shiro Wot . The rest of the lentils and salads were alright. Cons: It is located in the Tenderloin area, which is a sketchy neighbourhood. Also, I wish the Injera were served hot.Mentioned the cons to the owner and he took my review positively. Overall, anyone in SFO city should check out this place.
Was really craving Ethiopian food Friday night. My husband found Tadu while searching for nearby Ethiopian restaurants where we were staying for the weekend. (We used to be locals) The restaurant is in the Tenderloin and you will experience what the Tenderloin has to offer if you go there. If you're from or live in SF, you'll know what to expect and shouldn't complain about it. If you're visiting for the first time, expect to smell urine on your way to their restaurant. It's not something the owners can control. We sat by the door and every now and then we could get a good smell. The owner was REALLY nice and super sweet and this is why I'm giving them 4 stars. The food was good, but I have had better Ethiopian. (they would have gotten 3 stars based on food) I got the veggie platter. The collar greens were yummy, but a little too salty for my taste.  The cabbage was really good. The rest of the platter I thought was okay to eh. However, my husband really enjoyed the food, can't remember what he got, but he ate a lot of my platter plus his food. LOL! The owner made a special meal for my kids. One kid liked it, the other didn't. They are pretty picky to my dismay...and no, I do not cater to it! I blame my husband because he was picky as a child. :) The injera (bread) was a bit thicker than I'm used to. It was also not as sour. My hands didn't get as messy because it was thicker though. But, I think I still used a ton of napkins. LOL!I would give them a try and I would go back to them if we're staying in the area again.
Best Ethiopian food I've had. Their lentil and chick pea dishes are so flavorful, and the sauce that comes with the beef sambusa was so good that we used the leftover sauce on all our extra injera. Service was quick and they couldn't have been friendlier or more welcoming. If you have reservations about going to the Tenderloin, it's time you got over them because this place is awesome.
Super delicious Ethiopian food. Loved the sambusas and beef and chicken tibs. Everything tasted super fresh and was visually appealing, which can be difficult with lentils and such. Very nice owner and staff as well.
Excellent service n food... Place is very small n not good for large parties, but you can compromise with good n happy serving owner...
Lamb Tib and vegetarian combo is all you need here! So delicious and brand new to me. Small spot in a ghetto neighborhood but worth the risk lol. Give it a shot and you won't regret the combo I mentioned! :)
In San Francisco for work. We decided to try getting Ethiopian food and this place was stellar. We were a little confused about the menu when we got their but the nice man who was working gave us some great recommendation and we loved the food and the cultural experience. The little sink in the back to wash up is awesome. You can also see the food being cooked right from your seat into the kitchen. It was a pretty awesome experience.
A Tenderloin gem if there ever was one. Amazing Ethiopian cuisine in an intimate setting. Worth the walk through sketchyville. A must try. Will be back.
This is one fantastic place for Eritrean and Ethiopian food. The injera is generous and most recently the lamb tibs entree was well seasoned, spicy and incredible. Even if you didn't live in the tenderloin you'll still come all the way from other parts to taste it! Forget those other Eritrean / Ethiopian restaurants come to Tadu instead.
I don't eat meat, so I got the vegetarian combo. It was so delicious and filling! I eat a lot and I was worried it wouldn't fill me up, but it sure did! Staff extremely nice and truly wants you to have a good time! Will def go back!
Restaurant and kitchen are immaculate. Owner is incredibly friendly and the service is top notch. Food is spectacular.To be fair, this place is tiny and in an "interesting" neighborhood. However, everything about my dining experience there was impeccable. Next time I am in SF, I will be sure to go to Tadu.
Best food Ethiopian food I have ever had. Went tonight with two of my friends. The waiter was extremely helpful and so very nice. For an appetizer we had the lentil sambussa which was so moist and delicious. For dinner I had the lamb tibs, one friend had the special kitfo and my other friend has the vegetarian combination. We all thought it was absolutely delicious. Then for dessert we had the baklava. Probably the best that I have ever had. Will definitely go back. Thank you Tadu!
Found Tadu by chance as I was walking home, stopped to chat to the friendly owner and came back for food an hour later. I'm so excited to have a good Ethipian restaurant in my neighborhood. I had the vegetarian combo, it came with the lightest and fluffiest injera I've tasted. Each dish was excellent, the Kik Alicha and Azifa especially stood out.I'll definitely be back. Often.
Really liked this place. The owner / manager was kind. The sambusa was the best I ever had.
All food are soooooo delicious and their service is great!!!I love Sambussa, Misir Wot and The Vegetable Melody.I come here two or three times a month:))
Very small location with great staff and food. For two veggie platters for a party of four which was a bit too much for us but we enjoyed all of it.I plan to take any friends that have never tried Ethiopian to this location due to it being spot on.Limited seating may require you to show a little early, but was well worth my wait.
I'll be honest... I've never had Ethiopian food in my life. It's been something that I've been meaning to try for several years. The only thing I've heard has been from my a family member in DC who has told me negative things about his multiple experiences. But, I still wanted to try it and check it off my list for myself.With that being said, I'm so glad this was my first experience. The staff was attentive friendly and attentive, the food was superb, and the meal was an excellent value (Combo Veggie Platter). It's a new restaurant that will definitely be a longterm gem of the city if it maintains these standards. I will be back! Thanks Tadu!
I've eaten at all of the Ethiopian places in the city and this is by far my favorite so far. You can even see them grinding the fresh meat in the back. I definitely encourage you to try the kitfo rare - you're in for a treat.
I have been here twice this week for takeout, and sketchy neighborhood be damned, I'll be back for more! On my first visit, my order, the vegetarian combination, consists of about 7 different vegetarian dishes that they offer, so one gets a true sample of their menu. And, this dish just blew me away! There was such a variety of flavors, one more amazing than the next! On my next visit, I ordered the lamb tibs, lamb ribs and meat pieces with onions that are cooked firm, slightly chewy and fully flavored. When I asked to have a vegetable stew (wot) that I had enjoyed so much with the lamb, instead of having me order it as a separate side, the kind woman who was helping me suggested that she would just include it on my lamb dish for an extra $1!! That was just the perfect amount for me and I really appreciated her accommodating my wish. So, what more can I add?!! Go and try it!
Very good food and great service. Highly recommend this place. They don't skimp on the injera bread and refill the tea as well.
OUTSTANDING! Tadu was the highlight of our trip to SF! It is that good. The food is outstanding and the experience unique. But.... what sets this restaurant apart is the kindness and hospitality of the staff. When we told the chef (who delivered the food to our table) how much we loved one of the vegetarian combo plate items - he brought more! Then when we were about to leave, they shared some more great food with us! Eating with the fascinating Injera bread as a utensil is perfect. We could not wait to leave our 30% tip, write this review and we WILL return soon!
Tadu is the best Ethiopian food in San Francisco. The vegan dish with a side of Shero wot was delicious with a left over good enough for another round. The vegan dish had a combination of lentil, chickpeas sauce , cabbage and potatoes prepared with great ethiopian spices and turmeric as well as a side of salad. The sauces with a soft and well baked Enjera was simply a taste of true Ethiopian dish. Oh, one more, the owner was extremely nice and polite. I highly recommend it!
SF did not have decent Ethiopian prior to this place now it has one of the best. One of the best kitfos on the west coast next to Buna Cafe and Genets in little Ethiopia. Very buttery and a distinct savoriness I really like. Compares to the best in DC too. The lentils were more whole than the mash I'm used to which was a nice change. They were out of Goden tibs but if they can taste better than Etetes in DC then they might stand up to be on top of my Ethiopian go-to's.
Delicious food, cheap prices, kind Ethiopian owner. He's a former cab driver that aspired to big things in San Francisco. Feels good to support the local business. Get the tibs!
Rainy Friday, decided to try other non typical food out there. Ethiopian food came to mind and found this new cosy place. Really liked the atmosphere here. Friendly staff and great service. It was a quiet night. They kept on coming to our table to check if we were happy with everything. Had ground beef sambussa for appetizers. Then we ordered lamp and beef tibs. For beginner you eat with your hands. No utensils if you wanna do it right. Love the flavors and spices they use, bring back memories of my travel to Africa. Interesting sponge bread made of teff flour (wheat) used to wrap the meat and veggies. The pepper powder is super spicy! Be careful a dash can set you on fire and make you go running for more water. I would definitely come back and try more dishes. The food is not something I eat everyday. I'm glad that I found this new gem for Ethiopian cuisine.
As an Ethiopian whose tried many Ethiopian places in the city, this is the best. It's great for first timers and EthiopiansAmazing flavor, traditional songs and very nice service. It truly felt like I travelled to Ethiopia for dinner. I recommend the lamb tibs and veggie combo. Spices are authentic. The Kitfo, if you're feeling adventurous, is also great.
The Special Kitfo is about the closest thing to food heaven for me. The staff is extremely friendly and the restaurant always seems spotless. The only downside is location. This is about as TL as it gets. Someone handed out a bag of crack right next to me while I was waiting next to my car. This doesn't bother me much but I'd be hesitant to go at night. I'm hoping they'll offer delivery service in the near future. I wouldn't even mind a $5 delivery fee if they want to join with Postmates or similar.
Food, mix of spices, and proprietors were spectacular! If you enjoy spicy, ask for that. If you want mild, always an option. The bread is imported from Ethiopia, something unique you must try! I'm going back and will bring friends!
Yelp suggested this restaurant to me because I was in the neighborhood and I'm glad it did! Such delicious food. we had the veggie combo, lamb nibs and a beef kifta (sp?) all were so delicious. The owner also provided great service. We need more places like this in the tenderloin!Also the place doesn't sell alcohol but is fine with BYOB
Been here twice for Ethiopian in the last week and the food is awesome! Try the chicken tibs! Customer service is pretty good - the first time I was there, they even served complimentary dessert! The prices are very reasonable and both times we had some leftovers. Take them in a box even if you don't need them - instead give them to one of the homeless folks on the street outside.
Nice and tasty food. This is such a small Ethiopian place with a numerous options for vegetarians! Injera was soft with a light sour taste. Had been there with a small group and the place was tight with no room for air. Service was not commendable. If you are there only for the food then you would enjoy it! Would highly recommend shiro wot and mushroom/brinjal gravy for injera.
First full experience with Ethiopian food and I was very impressed. The staff knows the food and it's fantastically authentic from everything I know. It's a very small place overall, but well worth the wait. Ordering to go would be a great option if you're looking to get some healthy, delicious food on a weekend night. I'll be back to have more of this amazing cuisine. The prices are extremely reasonable for what you get as well.
For years, I have been telling friends and out-of-town visitors curious about where to find good Ethiopian food that in the Bay, your best bet is upper Telegraph in Oakland. This place opening--and on a mostly dormant block of the Tenderloin where some signs of life are badly needed--finally provides the San Francisco answer to that all-important query.The story of this establishment's genesis also couldn't make me happier. Apparently the owner, who previously drove a taxicab, had had as much difficulty as I encountered in finding the answer when his taxicab passengers, learning of his country of origin, would press him for a good place in SF for Ethiopian. Apparently enough people asked that he finally decided he might as well open his own restaurant.The results are spot on: The ingredients are fresh, the service is welcoming and attentive but in no way pushy, the prices are amazing, the portions are plentiful--two entrees easily satisfy three people--and last night I assuaged a lingering curiosity by bringing an Ethiopian friend from my French conversation group to give it a try. She was blown away. In her ensuing conversation in Amharic with the owner, we learned that the restaurant is named after his grandmother.Please, please go here and help make it a success!
This was my first experience eating Ethiopian food. Without a doubt, I'd go back. The flavor of the food was out of this world. My favorite part was having to eat with my hands - something we rarely do growing up in the States. The service was great and the owner was very engaging. He went above and beyond to make sure everything was great. If you can look past the neighborhood setting (it's a bit on the rough side), you won't regret visiting Tadu's.
The food is really good. I've only had takeout service -- its friendly and the food is always ready by the time I get there. You can place the order online and pre-pay from their website so all you have to do is walk in and pick up the order, super easy and convenient. I like the lamb tibs, timatim fitfit, buticha salad, and misir wot.
Very good food! The staff is so very kind and friendly! Cute little place. Only complaint is that I would have liked a selection of flavor in the bread. You eat with your fingers using the bread and different flavors would be nice.
This place is almost out our front door and we've been schlepping to Moya with their weird ass hours and we're thrilled to have a place nearby. Hit it out if the park. We ordered most of the main dishes and everything was fantastic. So then I immediately worried the place wouldn't get enough business and close. Fortunately that hadn't happened. But it's solid five stars is very well earned.
I didn't know this place existed until last night and I live a couple of blocks away. Today I walked back home from SOMA and ordered my food online. They use Square, luckily I already had an account and ordered the food. Took me 15 mins to walk there and the food was ready for pickup. If you plan to sit down keep in mind that this place is tiny. Super excited that there is a good Ethiopian food in the TL. Great vegan options, will be heading back!
After seeing 5 stars and being very close to this location I decided to try it. The service was excellent, and the food was the best Ethiopian I've ever had. The flavors were bright and full very yummy. I am a veg so I ordered the veg combo platter to share with my homies, we ordered for two and there was three of us and we couldn't finish it, plenty of food. All good, I'll be back.
I love ethnic foods, whether it's mexican, thai, indian, arabic, etc I simply love the wide variety of spices and flavors you can't get from your typical fast food chains. Obviously, big difference in that comparison. I wasn't a big fan of Ethiopian food as I had bad experiences before trying Tadu. I decided after reading some reviews to try Tadu out and I was very pleased with the experience. Great food and great customer service. I would come back here for sure.
Super unprofessional. Hours on the website say it opens at 1130am came all the way there from opposite side of town for lunch and there is a gate and no one inside. Waited for over 15 minutes complete waste of time. Don't tell people you're open when you aren't!Decided to give it the benefit of the doubt and came back for dinner. This place literally has zero service and treat their customers as though they don't want them there. Came in and they had a big party so no empty tables. No one greeted had to come up to someone behind the kitchen and they told me to write my name on some list. When a table finally cleared no one said anything we decided to finally seat ourselves. Wait 15 minutes with no one coming to greet us offer water or anything. Finally we ask the pain helping another table once he was done to please bring is water and allow us to order. I have yet to see bad service like this. To make all matters worse the food was very bland and even if service was impeccable I would not have come back.
Seriously, never tried Ethiopian food till I ate here, food was off the chain. Probably the best place I ate at while I was in San Francisco. Get the veg. Combo.
This place is super super small. If you want to eat here either order to go or budget at least a 30 min wait time. My party got here at 7:50 and didn't get seated until 8:30 even though there was one party in front of us. They only have 5 tables in the restaurant. The food was solid though. My favorite was the lamb tibs. They were spicy and cooked just right. We also had the vegetarian combo which was also solid.
Sketchy location on Tenderloin, Hole in the wall, not enough seating but take a bite of the Injeera along with the sides and you will forget all of that. So good, you have to taste it to believe it. We ordered a vegetable combination and the Banatu. Yummilicious!Going back again for sure!
Ok the funny thing was today was not the day to drive in to the city but we were foolish enough. If we just took the food to go we would never have our car broken into. Only took less than an hr for eat in this area and we got our car broken into in daylight. Our advice to anyone going to this place. Do not park in the are unless you really know that your car is safe if not park on an actual parking deck and just walk there. The food is alway good but it was not our day.
Had lamb tibs and veggie combo , all excellent , nice and clean place, menu is a little hard to read if your not familiar with the cuisine, but owner was kind and ready to explain
Really impressed and very happy this restaurant is in my neighborhood! The service was wonderful. the women and the owner were very hospitable, made great suggestions and service was very fast. The space is very clean and inviting, although a little small, but very cozy. Great colors and accents. They were very curious about our prior experience with Ethiopian food and how we would compare them to other restaurants. Seemed very open to feedback as well which shows they really want to succeed. Came here last night with my partner and friends and we were all very pleased with our meal. I think the prices were very reasonable for the quantity and quality of food we received. We ordered the vegetarian combo and the lamb tibs which were all delicious. The flavors and spices were excellent. I will definitely be going back soon!
In addition to excellent food, we were treated to complimentary tea and Kolo. I will definitely be back. This place is the tibs.
Great Ethiopian food, ordered the chicken bits and the veggie combo which had 4 different types of veggie dishes and each one was awsome.also had the spicy tea which was good.I have had Ethiopian food in various places this one is the best hands Down..Highly recommended. If you are walking to this place, avoid staying on Ellis road for long, its full of homeless people, walk down Leavenworth and hang a left on Ellis and its right there...
Trust me when I say this but having to search for the most authentic and perfect Ethiopian food hasn't been easy for me however, Tadu's gave me the feeling of home. I moved here not too long ago from Ethiopia and always crave Ethiopian food, which Tadu's does such an awesome and tasteful job at delivering. Everything on the menu is delicious and I eat here everyday that I have off. Highly highly recommend if you like spicy, vegetarian, or a great meal in general!
Absolutely delectable Ethiopian food. Superbly fresh. Perfectly seasoned. Actually addictive for all of the complexity of their spices. Over the last 12-15 years, many Ethiopian and Erithrean restaurants have opened in the bay area to our enjoyment. Having found that cuisine so enjoyable I have sampled many of them. For a first time, I eat in to look at service, environment, and for the possibility of returning or simply not consuming if not appetizing. Yes it is on a rather busy Tenderloin block. Do not hesitate: in Tadu case, it is a small yet well appointed, spotless, vibrant and colorful space, they welcome you immediately. The kitchen opens directly to the few tables: nothing to hide. Friendly and competent cook. The Owner is most friendly, efficient and engaging, makes sure that you are pleased. My test dish is The Kitfo for it is an unforgiving dish if made poorly and cheaply for it is the Ethiopian version of a "Steak Tartare", was so scrumptious that I keep going back and again. it comes with a beautifully seasoned small side of salad, homemade cheese, and either the cook's choice side of vegetable or yours. While I prefer Kitfo raw, you may choose to have it cooked at various temperatures, and with or without the homemade cheese and jalapeo mixed in. Most satisfying. The Injera is truly authentic and you can also ask for GLUTEN FREE injera for a small additional cost.While I have other addresses in Oakland, Tadu in San Francisco has become very quickly my to-go place for a most satisfying and delicious Ethiopian exotic meal for which I call ahead to pick up for either lunch or dinner. I have yet to wait more than 10-15minutes. Shiro Kik Alicha, Gomen, all delish.My 12 years kid also looks forward to their dishes. Yes, you guessed it: we Highly Recommend Tadu
Tadu was recommended by an older Ethiopian gentleman I work with. So my friend and I came for a late lunch. We waited about 10 minutes. It's small and cozy. I realized I ordered the wrong thing and I tried to change my order just before it was served. Guess what? The proprietor was so wonderful and accommodating he changed it even though my order was almost up. I've had Ethiopian food many times before, starting in NYC in the 80s. My husband and I met at Massawa in the Haight back in 1993. We've been to almost every Ethiopian restaurant in SF and the east bay. My kids love Ethiopian and we have it at least once a month. This is my new favorite place. The food was excellent we oohed and aaahed with every bite. I can't say enough about this place, it's perfect.
I have to review this place because of the excellent service. I stopped by for takeout the other day, 1 veggie combo and one chicken dish. The manager offered me extra injera when I told him it was my favorite. Having grown up eating ethiopian food in San Jose, (esp at hole-in-the-wall places), Tadu is definitely more accessible but much less authentic. Still delicious, but just less oily/flavors less bold than I am used to. Injera is perfect amount of spongy/sour. The cabbage/potato had a strong rosemary flavor that I haven't seen before in this dish. Chicken dish was not that special, would order something else next time.  This place is very very clean, and you can see the entire kitchen from the seating area.
Takes me straight back to Ethiopia with no compromise. The Sheeru is incredible. Actually the whole veggie plate was superb. Best Ehiopian in SF.
The food was absolutely fantastic. Best Ethiopian I've had so far! Service was also excellent. The owner was there and he was keeping an eye on all the tables in case they needed something. We had the lamb tibs and the kitfo. Also had the timatim fit fit which was a great surprise. Love it
We stopped in on Sunday after reading reviews on Yelp for this place. We were in the mood for Ethiopian food and most of our usual places were not open until later in the day. What a wonderful find!We ordered the Kik Alicha, Beef Tibs, Alicha Tikil Gomen, and Minchin Wot. Everything was excellent and well spiced. The injera was especially good, not too sour, and service was spot on.The veggies were fresh and flavorful. The Kik was not too mushy and had a good texture. Both meat dishes were excellent and not overly oily. We brought some of the Minchin home and will using that as a pasta sauce.They've only been open two months and are working on getting a liquor license, but I highly recommend this place. We will be coming back for sure.So happy to have a new Ethiopian place to enjoy!
This place was quite amazing and we found it by walking by - not researching. Our server Sisay Gunsamo was incredibly nice and helpful. We had Vego sampler and lamb plate. A 10 out of 10 for sure!!
Very tasty Ethiopian food - a bit small and divey, but food and service was great and they had some unusual items that were a change of pace. So excited to have Ethiopian in the TL!
This CRAZY AUTHENTIC ETHIOPIAN just in the middle of the city will make you wanna go to Africa! It's cheap, people are friendly and it's super tasty! Totally would recommend the vegetarian melody to share even for 2 people and you will not regret it!
Cute little, authentic place in the tenderloin. Veggie combo, sambusas and shiro wereabsolutely fantastic! Highly recommend (especially for vegetarians). Service was excellent. Owner was there and suggested us to get the shiro instead of two veggie combos which turned out to be a great call. Also through in a baklava when we decided to get one after paying the bill. Will definitely be back soon! Best Ethiopian I have found in the city...
Good for the price. I had the vegetarian combo which was good - not the best I ever had but not bad.  The sour bread was spot on. The place is small and not that comfortable so I grabbed takeout. The service could be more friendly.
This IS the place to go if you love Ethiopian cuisine.  I had the lamb and it was excellent. The services was outstanding and welcoming. The place was clean and spotless. I highly recommended. I am going to continue going ---
If you love Ethiopian food this is the place to go I had vegiterian combo and tests very good! !
Amazing food in a clean, new and beautiful setting. Very affordable. You absolutely must come here. The server, who might have been the owner, was very kind and friendly.
Not bad, a Little small but the Customer Service was great, food was okay but not really for my taste buds, it's Not for everybody. Overall 5 stars...
Delicious and truly authentic meal. Spent 3 months in Ethiopia earlier this year and the food was comparable to the best local restaurants in Addis Ababa. If you're up for an adventure, try the special kitfo (rare). Very good!
Healthy and fresh tasting, delicious veg food made/served by very gracious, kind folks. Got the veg sampler platter. It was delicious. Then we topped it off with another dish (as a side) just to try all the veg options. All were good, but especially those on the veg platter. Don't know about the meat.
Very small, 7 tables, incredibly clean - particularly considering the neighborhood. The food was delicious and the service was very friendly. Get there early as the line to get starts around 6 pm, even on a weekend.
Just left here and have to write a review - this place is spectacular. This is our new, go to Ethiopian restaurant. The kitfo was my favorite. Next time I'll have to try the lamb tibs. Yummmmmm!!!
The best I've had. Hands down. Incredible raw kifto and a medley of vegetarian sides (gomen, Wot, azifa, kik alicha) made for an excellent dinner. The owner is friendly and will make good suggestions if you tell him what you like. The service is swift and the kitchen is very clean. What a gem in the tenderloin!!!
Best Ethiopian food this side of the bay. All of their vegetarian dishes are vegan, and the baklava is surprisingly vegan too! No honey or butter in it and it's pretty tasty.
Tadu is the newest and hottest spot in San Francisco for authentic Ethiopian food. I have dined here on numerous occasions and enjoyed my experience each time. The lamb and beef Tibs (sauted with Tadu's special spices); the kitfo (lean ground beef sauted with Tadu's special spices and butter, served rare or well done); and the veggie combo (a medley of vegetarian dishes) are my favorites. With a fair price and excellent service, Tadu is my go-to place when I crave for Ethiopian food.The ambiance is small and cozy with an open kitchen. The intimate spacing allows customers to receive fast and attentive service. You are guaranteed to be welcomed with the warm smiles of the owners and friendly staff whenever you stop by. Go visit, Yelpers. :)
This place was so good. I got the veggie combo and sambussa. The two workers were so nice and willing to explain and make sure i got what i wanted. I will definitely be back.
As an Ethiopian, I felt like home at this restaurant. The food was delicious and reasonably priced!
First time Ethiopian food and it was great! Had the veggie platter and a meat dish. The food was nicely presented, tasted really good, the waiters were super nice and really look like they are proud of their business. Nice calm atmosphere too which was a bonus. Our server even gave us some baklava as a bonus! Would come again next time I travel to SFO!
This place has a modest menu, but is genuine, clean and the food is great. We had Lentil Sambussa (tasty straightforward snack and the accompanying red sauce was great) and Beef Tibs with Injera (simple ingredients and great mix of spices do the trick perfectly and Injera is to die for). Servings are generous, one appetizer and one entree easily fed two adults. Highly recommended, don't get scared by a shabby neighbourhood.
Delicious food, excellent & friendly service. No complaints. We will be back. Thank you.
Awesome! This was my first time trying Ethiopian food. It reminded me of Indian food. If you like Indian food you will like Ethiopian food. The place is very small. It's worth trying this restaurant.
Great food. We went when it was packed but still got seated in roughly 20 minutes. Standing in the food service area was a little weird but I can't fault them for being a tiny restaurant. We got a bunch of tibs and a random other dishes and had a great time.
The first time I came here it was just a "very good" place, and the portions were somewhat small but acceptable. The second time I came here we got very large portions that are above average for an Ethiopian place. I think they must have upgraded their portion size or something. And of course the taste was perfect as usual. So this place not only satisfies your Ethiopian cravings, but also gives great portion/value. As well, the service is excellent.
I love Ethiopian food and thought nothing could top what I'd gotten in Italy (which of course has a legacy of colonialism of Ethiopia), but this place is fantastic! I honestly didn't expect much since it's a small restaurant with a small menu in a sketchyish area of town, but hooooly. The lentil sambussa were out of this world. The vegetarian platter was fantastic. The injera was so soft and so delicious. Wait staff were super friendly. And the prices were more than reasonable. I wish I could take this restaurant home with me...
This place was amazing! The owner was extremely nice was very helpful, if you are unsure about trying something new you need to give this place a chance!
I'll add to a bunch of high ratings. I've been here twice and have only good things to say. The food tastes awesome! We shared a vegetarian platter both times and loved it. We both had Ethiopian food many times before in Seattle, but we've never had these cold side dishes made of chickpeas and lentils that are kind of like hummus. Those are yum, especially the gray one made of lentils and mustards. The service is awesome! The prices are very reasonable. I would come back in a heartbeat. The only thing is it's in Tenderloin, very sketchy around, but can't change that. Inside it's like an oasis, with nice music, clean and very relaxing... Great people working there!
The best Ethiopian fare I've ever experienced. Had a gourmet feel. Then again this is DC, you're so lucky to have such a varied selection of restaurants with cuisines from all over the world.
I came here from Napa with family, upon first glance what you want to remember is that looks are deceiving. From the outside it's small and doesn't look like much but the food was the bomb! Also the owner/waiter was very friendly, seated us right away and took are order. As this was are first time eating ethiopian food, he talked us thru ordering the food/meal. The meat that we picked was the Chicken and Beef with Collared Greens and a Salad topped with ground Chickpeas. The food that was served was fantastic and tasted great, with enough for all three of us to enjoy! Remember that it is as small on the inside as it is on the outside, 6 tables that will seat 2 or 3 people and 1 table that seats 4 people. The bathroom was very clean also, which I always think of as a plus!
Fantastic food. The server recommended the veggie combo, the lamb tibs, and ground beef something. It was well presented on a huge platter with their sourdough flatbread, which is a mix between a pancake and a crepe, and you can wrap and dip it as you wish. The taste was delicious, the dipping sauces and the meat combined very well. We also had the sambussa for an appetizer and that was delicious as well. Everything is very fresh here. Finally, there are only 8 or so small tables (for 1-2 people) inside the restaurant, so either go early or order takeout!
Great food. Great prices. Great staff. The veggie combo offers a bit of everything - I've split it and felt like it was enough for lunch, but I've also gorged on it solo. The staff is wonderful - walking you through any dishes you are unfamiliar with, and recognizing me on a second trip thanked me for my patronage. They also have gluten-free injera! It's a clean hole-in-the-wall - better for a quick lunch than a sit-down dinner. The Tenderloin is a neighborhood often overlooked, but it hides gem like this that you can't find elsewhere in SF.
the vegetarian combo and the lamb tibs are delicious. I did not like the telba it was not for me but i will not fault them for that, it tasted like a cereal smoothie
The Tenderloin has its issues and may not be a place I go after dark, but finding amazing food from all over the world for cheap makes it worth exploring (at least in daylight). Tadu is a tiny place that you could easily miss due to minimal signage, but missing it would be a crime! The atmosphere is very "no frills," but bright and very clean, including the bathroom (which is often where places like this fall short when it comes to cleanliness). As for the food, I had Regular Kitfo with a side order-size of Kik Alicha Wot. My friend had the Vegetarian Combo. Plenty of spongy injera to eat it all with. Everything was so full of amazing flavors and spices, and we left full and satisfied. The service was very attentive. It was busy when we arrived around 2 pm on a Sunday (the place only has a handful of tables), but by the time we left it had emptied out. I admit I've only had Ethiopian food a few times, and this was the first Ethiopian restaurant I've been in SF, but I see no need to go anywhere else the next time I get a craving. I strongly recommend this place.
Food was excellent. Staff / owners were helpful. Other patrons were nice. First time having Ethiopian food. Yum. Health rating was 100. Very cleAn restaurant. Small. about 7 tables. Only downside - questionable area of town. Uber was nervous picking us up.
Awesome food, cozy decor and very friendly owners.. Must go place if you wanna try authentic Ethiopian food
AMAZING FOOD! Don't even think to pass this place up. I shared the lamb tibs and the vegetarian combo. It was unreal. The spices and flavors explode in your mouth. Also the people there are just so sweet. Great place with great food and generous servings
Some of the best food I've had was at a small, unassuming restaurant and Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen is yet another example of that. Try their " Beg Tibse"! The meat is so tender it melts in your mouth, all while exploding with exotic flavors of Ethiopian cuisine! Can't wait to try all their dishes!
Went in for lunch on a Saturday and was able to beat the crowd. It's a small place with just two workers-waiter and chef. It's your typical hole in the wall in a bad neighborhood. Your table will most likely be against the corner or at the door. The food takes it's time and the parking in the area are all meters. So get ready to do a run to your car. I had the lamb and beef kitfu combination. It's served over injera bread on a single plate which you share with your table. The lamb was dry and forgettable. It was the kitfu that stood out. I ordered mine rare because that is how I normally like my beef but the kitfu came out nearly raw. The waiter should have let me known before hand. The kitfu tasted exceptional. The spices was what made the beef a kitfu. I wiped the plate with injera before I finished. When I went home that day, I was hit with diarrhea. It was definitely from the nearly raw beef. However that is not why I knocked off a star. It was for the dry flavorless lamb. I will still go back. TLDR: Go here. Try the Kitfu rare. It's worth the diarrhea.
One of the best Ethiopian places I've been to so far. 4 friends and I ordered 2 veggie combos and 2 plates of sambhusa. They were really amazing and pretty filling. Great service. Could have had more of the curry on the injera though. The only real downside about the restaurant is the location - it is one of the most shady parts of SF. But great food, would definitely love to be back here!
Love this place. Had the veggie combo, highly recommend. Super clean inside and great service.
We started our lunch with the Sambussa/beef appetizer; followed with the Lamb Tibs and the Lamb Alicha Banatu. Service is excellent, friendly, and helpful. Food is excellent; prepared with care and delicious with distinctive flavors and textures. I would be happy to indulge my appetite with every dish on this menu. I will return for more of this wonderful cuisine.
Great authentic Ethiopian food. We had the tibs and veggie combo, which were both amazing. Keep up the good work.
I love Ethiopian food, so I was excited to find this place. I must have ordered the wrong thing because I spent over $13 on a plate that contained injera, red and green bell peppers, and onions. That's it. I ordered a veggie dish that said it came with vegetables; I didn't realize that there would be so few vegetables!Also, a Hispanic woman and her teenage daughter took my order and prepared the food. They spoke Spanish and I am pretty sure they were not from Ethiopia.
Really great Ethiopian food!! Excellent customer service as well. The next time I visit SF again I will return.
This makes 2/2 great Ethiopian restaurants I have tried in SF. While it suffers a bit location-wise from SF's notorious "good block, bad block" syndrome, it is well worth seeking out. I had the vegetarian combo platter and it was just an excellent mix of foods and tastes.
I was really excited about this place after reading the Yelp reviews, but have to say it was a real disappointment. The food was just ok, I prefer the Oasis. What was really annoying was the wait time after ordering. We ordered at 6:45 pm and got our food at 8:05 pm. Waiting for this long after ordering is just not acceptable! Never again!!
Delicious food and friendly staff. We got the veggie combo and the lamb tiff. It was awesome!
This was our first time trying out Ethiopian food. And we LOVED it! The sambussa was my favorite item. We also had the beef kitfo - medium rare, as well as one of the vegetarian sides. Seating is limited, but it was late and we ordered take out. And being only 2 blocks from our apartment, we will definitely be returning soon to try out more!
This is probably my favorite Ethiopian in the city right now (now past Moya). I always ask for everything made spicy, but this is the first time outside of Oakland I've been given truly spicy Ethiopian. I could not be happier.
This place is great! The food was simply delicious. We had the beef tibs and the vegetarian platter. Their service was absolutely spectacular. They make you feel like you're at home! We'll definitely be back!
The food and service are impeccable. You must come visit. They make you feel very special and the food is perfectly seasoned. I highly recommend the beef tibs, shiro wat, and the vegetarian combo. Thank you for a great foodie experience!
Came here on a whim and fell in love. The restaurant is quaint and clean, and not too crazy on a Friday night, so we were seated right away. Our server was so nice and helpful with recommendations. We ordered the vegetable combo and the lamb tibs on injera. AMAZING - hit the spot! We've had Ethiopian food in Columbus, San Diego, Oakland, Cape Town, and Tadu is definitely at the top of the list. We'll be back!
Small, bright, delicious place in the middle of the Tenderloin! The food was fresh and service with a smile.
Place is tiny with only a few seats. Food was good. Standard fare. If I can't make it all the way to Oakland for Ethiopian food, I will go here instead.
Best Ethiopian food I have ever had. I love Ethiopian dishes and Tadu Kitchen hits the spot. Their dishes are very authentic and they offer injera from Ethiopia for extra fee. I recommend it. If you are not familiar if this cuisine, ask the owner to help you. I love the vegetarian combo, lamb tibs and Minchet Abish Wot. Minchet Abish Wot is a comfort food for me....
Three of us ate here last night - 5 stars all around - awesome customer service, delish food and an overall relaxed vibe. They don't serve any alcohol, but it's BYOB - which we learned after the fact. Ordered a ton of food including the chicken, beef and lamb tibs all of which were solid - the chicken was the spiciest of the lot w/o question. Also got the gluten free injera as we were told that is the traditional method of preparation i.e with teff flour only versus any wheat flour added. Also ordered a couple of veggie dishes including one of the lentil based items - I don't recall as I didn't eat much of the veggies on the plate. It's straight up family style to share, eat with your hands and have a good time. The place probably doesn't seat more than 15-20 people at a time but we were fortunate to have a 3 seater spot available for us when we walked in. I'd def. recommend Tadu to anyone interested in going beyond the boring and mundane foods we eat day to day!
Excellent. Get the beef sambussa, beef tibs, and the vegetarian combo. Generously feeds 2 people.
Tadu is an up and coming gem! The Gomen Besega was just what I was seeking. The quinoa bread was superb and very tasty! Accompanied by a fresh salad, a culinary adventure indeed! Take out or eat in! Whichever, take time to talk to the proprietors! Friendly, intelligent, kind folks with a flare for art!
Great place with an amazing staff. The staff really care about their food and customers. The food is awesome, def worth a try!
A new Ethiopian restaurant. Good menu with some items I have not seen elsewhere. Vegetarian options are clearly marked. The service was fast. Seating is limited. Great flavored water.
Extremely high quality ingredients, authentically seasoned just like I had in Eritrea, prepared quickly. Clean, no frills but charming interior. Owner checked in with us and clearly cares about quality of his product every time. And. Phenomenal service - waitress attentive, friendly, generous with water refills, didn't say anything when we stayed chatting half an hour after closing. And so reasonably priced!
OK, let's get this out of the way first: This is very possibly the best cup of coffee in San Francisco. Dude at the counter (very dark skinned man with a huge smile) is a painter and uses coffee to paint. He makes each cup by hand and it's seriously the perfect cup.Now, on to the food: We had the vegetarian combination and the lamb tib. Both were just incredible. There's not much more to say.
I thoroughly enjoyed my first visit to Tadu last evening. I ordered the Special Kitfo (beef tartar) and also took away the Veggie Combo. As a bug fan of Ethiopian food, I was very impressed with the taste of the dishes. The service was extremely nice and attentive. I'm very glad that I longer have to head over to Oakland for good Ethiopian food and can get it right here in the city!Can't wait to get back to sample more if the menu!
Probably 2nd best Ethiopian in SF (behind the one on Valencia), with the added benefit of being fast, having super nice staff, and being 300 yards from my door.  The special kitfo is delicious.  Prices are a touch high given the neighborhood.
I check out the local Ethiopian restaurants everywhere I travel and there are only two that make my best of list. Tadu is one of them and the food was amazing! Delicious spiced lamb and vegetables.  Don't miss out.  The second top Ethiopian eatery in the U.S. is GoJo in San Jose.
A cozy nicely decorated location in Tenderloin. The staff was very kind and helpful. We enjoyed a vegetable combination plate and chicken tibs. Generous portions and very tasty. We took Uber afterward as we are not from this area and weren't sure about the safety of the location.
This place is sooo good I would literally eat here 5 times a week, but I have to limit myself due to the fact I stuff myself to the gills. I love their veggie platter and I can't get enough of their buticha salad it is superb. Best injera I have had in the city and the owners/staff are awesome!!!
Very good and tasty !! Food was fresh and hott!!! Friendly and fast service.. My friend and I had the beef and lamb tibs which were delicious
Great ambiance. Amazing food. A great place to hung out and eat delicious Ethiopian food
I love Ethiopian food. Where else can you eat with your hands, make a mess, and generally gorge yourself ? There are a lot of Ethiopian places around but not in my neck of the woods. I work in the Tenderloin and I am often left to walk far to get something to eat on my lunch. I waited with baited breath for this place to open. I would look at it on my way to work which is literally 2 minutes away. The first thing I had was the sambussa. I live meat so ate the meat ones. My partner ( carnivore that he is) loved the lentil sambussa. It is a flavor party in your mouth! The sauce , the meat, the flaky pastry !!! So good! I always burn my mouth because I can't wait for them to cool down and they are made to order so they come out piping hot! I take my coworkers as often as I can because one the place is yummy and two I would hate to loose this gem because people ate too scared to try something new. I ordered the Kitfo and didn't quite tell folks that its essentially raw beef and they just loved it! The chicken tibs are yummy and so is the beef tibs. Now the chickpea salad appetizer is a must get. It was fresh and delicious and we were fighting over the last bit. My usual order is chicken tibs , beef do wat, sambussa , and the salad and the vegetarian platter( I share with my coworkers) I am going to try the lamb next and I bet it's as good as the rest. My only complaint is that I think they calm the spiciness of down for the wimpy American palates. I will ask for really spicy tibs next time. All in all the flavor is nice , the people who work there are very kind , and I could eat here everyday if budget would allow it! Mmmmmmm I just made myself hungry! I know where I'll be eating Monday for lunch
The neighborhood is a bit sketchy, but the food is well worth the trip. Four of us, two adults, two children, were well fed by the veggie platter and a few sides. The food is wonderful, delicately and flavorfully spiced. Even the water was good. The staff is friendly and helpful. Seating is limited, about twenty chairs and there was a steady stream of customers on a Saturday afternoon, so there may be a wait. Well worth the wait.
This was the best Ethiopian food I have had in a long time. The surrounding neighborhood was a little sketchy, but we felt really safe in the restaurant. The restaurant was very clean. We had the vegetarian platter with injera. The food was amazing! The service was great.
Fresh, healthy, reasonably-priced food in a spotlessly clean restaurant with friendly staff. The food is full of flavor, even if you go with mild rather than spicy. What more can you ask! The lamb tibs are excellent with good depth of flavor, the veggie combo also bright, fresh and varied.  I can't wait to try more of the dishes. Another treasure in the Tenderloin.
The best Ethiopian I've had in San Francisco so far, and that's after months of pining forlornly for Oakland's best Ethiopian, Enssaro (which stands out even from a crowded field of Ethiopian contenders on the sunny side of the Bay). Finally, I've found a place that can compete with Ensarro! Tadu's kitfo was perfectly spiced, tender, and disappeared from our plate almost instantly as a result; the veggie combo was also spot on all around, with some of the most flavorful kik alicha I've ever had (it can often be quite bland; this was most definitely not). The meser wot was also very good, a tad spicy, but still lovely. The traditional gluten-free tej injera our meal was served on was a little hard from having been refrigerated, for which I deduct one star, but the side basket of injera that we were served for dipping was fresh, warm, and delicious: not at all tough (unlike some traditional injeras made without wheat flour that I've had at other places ). I'll definitely be back!
SOOOOO GOOD! And inexpensive. Shared the veggie combo and Lamb Tibs. Perfect pre-show dinner.
Great veggie options, friendly owners and staff. Very good food!
4 stars because I've had better in San Jose/Oakland/Washington D.C., but definitely the best Ethiopian/Eritrean food I have found in San Francisco. Affordable price too.
Prior to Tadu, I have never had Ethiopian food before. After spontaneously looking for a place to eat lunch, my friends and I noticed this place we were eager to try it out. The place is small, but cozy (nice to escape the cold SF weather). The gentleman at the front was very welcoming and friendly. He helped us out by recommending tibs, so we ordered chicken, beef, and lamb tibs all with injera. The first three plates came out before 10 minutes and he noticed that the fourth hadn't come out yet. To our surprise, he brought out complimentary sambussa to compensate for the wait. It was a kind gesture and delicious too! Within minutes, the fourth plate came out and we began digging in. The meat was so well-seasoned and cooked that we all fell in love. The salad and dressing that came with it gave it so much flavor and refreshed our palate. In that moment, we knew we made the right choice coming here.
Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen is such a good addition to the city, and to the Tenderloin. Very sweet, appreciative, and helpful owners. Ask for Ethiopian chilli paste and powder, it goes with most things. I ordered the vegetarian combo and liked the variety on my platter. Injera was not too sour, just perfect!
A group of friends and I found this Ethiopian restaurant on Ellis St. near the intersection with Leavenworth. The food was very good. We ordered a variety of items, and the staff were unbelievably committed to ensuring the customers had a good experience.
This is my first time eating Ethiopian food. I am impressed. The food is so flavorful. We ordered the sambussa, the lamb tib as well as the veggie combo. Yum. I don't usually like lamb as most restaurants do not get rid of the "lamb smell". They flavor the meat so well here. The service is also impeccable. They explained the menu as well as check in very regularly to make sure we are doing alright. I said I wanted to try the telba drink. The owner gave me a sample before confirming my order to make sure I really like the drink. Similar to their food, the drink did not disappoint. We will be back.
I am an Ethiopia visiting from Denver. The food is incredibly delicious, we had shiroo, Vegi combo and lamb Alicha banatu. The food is plenty for four of us and we took our leftover and had it for dinner.
This place is a true gem! It was our first time trying Ethiopian food and it was an amazing experience. We ordered the lamb tips and the vegetarian combo, which was more then enough food for the two of us. The place is small and popular so expect waiting for a seat!  I will be coming back for sure on my next visit to San Fransisco.
Went here looking for a good lunch while in San Fransisco and was not disappointed. We've been to a few Ethiopian places across the country, including U St in DC and this place matches the quality and flavor. Interestingly enough, no two places make their tibs the same, bit that just make it more fun. The fitfit appetizer was generous and tasty. The veggie sampler was great. Service was quick and polite. All around great!
Fantastic place, great food and welcoming owner. One of the better Ethiopian meals I've had, and very reasonably priced.
Excellent experience. Food was fantastic. Better than the Ethiopian restaurant that we love in NYC!!!!
I will be coming back here for the best homemade Ethiopian food in San Francisco. Staff was great too. Thank you for the suggestion of the Chicken/shrimp plate. A small place with great food in the middle of the Tenderloin...no complaints
We ate there yesterday after our family of four went to see Book of Mormon. Like the musical, it was a great experience! The spotless interior, the "couple" who prepare and serve the food with such love, using the freshest ingredients. We felt like we were eating a delicious meal in someone's home, which is a unique experience in and of itself in downtown S.F. Try to eat during off-peak times as there is limited seating and they do not take reservations. Glad we discovered this little gem. We will definitely return.
Really good food, great service, and not to pricey. I had the vegetarian combination. Would not hesitate to go back.
Delicious Ethiopian food prepared in a spotless kitchen. The lentil sambussas were so tasty that we could have filled up in them which would have been a mistake because the vegetarian sampler was outstanding.
First, let me say that I know nothing about Ethiopian cuisine, Luckily I went to dinner with friends that did. The conclusion: Food was great and very different from than the food served at other restaurants. The place is clean and the people who work in the restaurant were incredibly friendly, and just over-the-top, polite. Best service I've had in a long time. Reminds me when Americans used to have manners... The neighborhood is sketchy and there are only about 3 tables, but ignoring that, we are planning on returning soon. Terrific find!
