The line for the food truck is usually really long so when they opened a restaurant, I had to try it!The thing you must try here are the BAOS (steamed)! For my meat lovers, the pork belly bao was oh so good! I could not get enough of this, before I knew it, it was all gone! The flavors complimented each other nicely. And this place loves pairing daikon with their pork belly, so expect a lot of it on top. I also had the noodle salad with tofu. The tofu was lightly fried and pretty good. The noodle salad had a strong lemon-y flavor, so I saved some of it for later. This was okay for me, but I want to come back and try the rest of the baos, especially the coca-cola pork one!
After trying this place a couple of times, I don't understand the hype for their baos and rice bowls. I rather go to China town than go to this place. Positives: -The bathroom and decor are super clean and modern. -The protein has a lot of flavor and the menu has lots of different combinations. Needs improvement: -The price for a bao with one slab of protein is definitely not worth around 3-4 dollars in my opinion. You honestly have to order two and their small order of fries to be full. The braised beef short ribs were probably the best and juicy, but everything else was really salty and had unbalanced flavors. -The service is always a hit or miss. I understand people have their off days, but they have a lot of off days. In one instance, the staff took way too long for a short order (only 1 person ahead of me) to make 2 baos,a bowl, and a side of fries to go. What really added salt to injury was the server saying 5 more minutes a couple times. The food didn't come out after 30 minutes. I wanted to love this place, I really did, but a couple failed experiences just push you towards better restaurants in the area.
OVERALL - 3.8/5------------------FOOD - 5/51) braised beef short rib - 5/5SERVICE - 4/5CLEANLINESS - 4/5LOCATION - 2 / 5note: located at tenderloin, the area isn't very safeEXPERIENCE - 4 / 5---------------------Wait time: 0 mins (around 12pm, weekend)
The best baos ever!!! I'm glad they still come out to Larkspur Landing every other Sunday for Off the Grid. I knew they would eventually open up a brick and mortar, and they didn't forget about Marin. It's Marin after all, 'nuff said. The TL location has plenty of parking if one knows where to look. There are more options on the menu to choose from. This area needed something other than noodles and pho restaurants. I'm glad to see a variety. I look forward to seeing their truck at Marin Country Mart for Sunday Fundays with the fam bam =) It's the only time we can get our pork belly baos on this side of the bridge, nom...nom...nom! Keep 'em coming. Congratulations on doing so well and business is booming. Hard work pays off. We love your BAOS!!!
after following the "bao truck" for years, I finally got around to visiting their brick n mortar store in SF! I usually c them at Moveable Feast events around the Bay Area every week. their big black n white panda face against the bright red n white background always comes to mind when I'm dreaming of my soft n fluffy baos!it's located on Larkin Street in the Tenderloin district of San Francisco. it's mostly metered parking, but make sure u put in enough to have time to woof down 2 or 3 of those bad boys. (or 4 or 5, depending on appetites. : )) this would definitely b a 5 star review if not for the slow service we received when we were there. there were maybe a couple of ppl ahead of us n it seemed like they didn't get their order right so the lady working the register had to correct that mistake. that took maybe 10 minutes while we waited at the front counter. it seemed like there were only 2 chefs in the back making the food n the one lady in the front. after we finally got our order in, we again waited for maybe 15 minutes til our food was ready. : /we ordered a Pork Belly Bao n a Coca-Cola Braised Pork Bao, both steamed. (not into the baked style. I need the Mantou! .) we had already eaten an early lunch so just wanted a small bite. I also wanted to order their Wonton Chips, but she said they didn't have them that day. : / after eating both, we both agree that the Coca-Cola Braised Pork Bao was the better out of the two delicious baos cuz it just had more flavor. the Pork Belly Bao was good also, but could've used more sauce. next time I'll b back to try the Spicy Chicken n Braised Beef Short Rib! hopefully the service won't b as slow.
Yes. This place is ok and cool marketing but nothing special. The Bao are great but tiny and overpriced. The rice bowl is very flavorful and definitely worth it. Ryan at the counter is fast and Courteous. Jenna the cook is amazing. But proteins are extra , that$ where they get you. Order ahead. Cause usually a long line
Overall 3.5 Star RatingDecor: 3/5-bar stool seating for 14 total-Chairman Panda logo practically on every wall-The bar is a bit unstable, don't lean or place too much weight on itService: 5/5-friendly and helpful, food was brought to usFood: 2.5/5-braised beef short rib, coca cola braised pork, spicy chicken were the baos we ordered. All three had flavor, a tad on the salty side yet we felt there was something missing from all the baos.
OMG the Chairman opened a brick and mortar store. Farewell to the days when I would scour through different food truck sites just to see if they would show up. Farewell to the long lines while getting a sunburn or getting rained on. I love the steamed baos. They are basically Chinese tacos. You cannot go wrong with them, and the petite size means you get to try a couple different fillings without committing to just one. Yes, when it comes to pork belly or miso tofu, I have commitment issues. The best thing about their fillings is that they are not single-noted. There are pickles, sprouts, or other veggies that comes with the filling, depending on which protein you get. It is very satisfying and infinitely more healthy than some other food trucks where the veggies are absent. If you need to turn down the healthy notch, treat yourself to some wonton strips. For the store, they added a few extra items. Things like chicken wings (which I got) and rice bowls. The rice bowls might be nice if you prefer not to eat with your hands, while the chicken wings are decent I highly prefer the wonton strips. The eatery is focused on takeouts. They have a few tables and bar seating, but it is not very comfy and definitely not good for a bigger group of people. That's really the only reason it's got four instead of five stars - it's clearly geared towards the lunch crowd but I would love me a good hangout space with decent food, like what Curry Up Now has done with its South Bay restaurants.
My buddy just moved nearby in the tenderloin area, and to help celebrate (and encourage me to help him move in), he offered to pay for dinner at my place of choosing. Low and behold, the chairman was super close by, and I had to go check it out. I had always heard of this place from the food trucks at off the grid, but I had never tried.I went with the rice bowl with Coca Cola braised pork. It was a tough decision between that and the spicy chicken. The meal was great, it was a nice combination of veggies, meat, and rice. It actually tasted like a fast real meal, and this place filled out quick. My only complaint is that it will run about ~$10 a meal, and if I keep coming here too often, that adds up fast. I hear good things about the steamed and baked baos, so I'm looking forward to visiting my friends place along with this place when I'm in the area!
The Chairman delivers through Caviar! Which means you don't have to trek all the way to the Tenderloin (or hunt down their truck!)! Instead you can eat your food in the office cafeteria and make all your colleagues jealous over your delicious Asian fusion. Our shared spread: six piece chicken wings, rice bowl with spicy chicken, seasonal greens bowl with shortrib, and 4 different steamed buns for us to split. For the rice bowl, definitely upgrade to Chairman rice, which includes lentils, bulgar and adzuki beans. Also, add extra pickled vegetables. Always add extra pickled vegetables, that's my life advice to you.The baos were the best thing we ordered. If you're coming here or ordering from here- GET THE STEAMED BAOS. The buns are so soft and fresh, the meat is super tender, and there's the perfect amount of sauce, cilantro and pickled veggies to make things interesting. Wings were awkward to eat and weren't very tender - I wasn't a fan. Those steamed baos though...
The baos are very delicious. My favorite is the Coca Cola pork. You can not go wrong with that in my opinion . The rice bowls are great for lunch. It fills ya right up. I'll mostly eat here a few times a month for my fix of the steamed bao.
Yum!I recently stopped by the chairman on a Sunday afternoon after passing by so many times while walking around the neighborhood. Atmosphere:The place is small, a great spot for a self-date cause you can post up at a window seat and watch the action of the loin. Everything is clean, simple, nice and bright with the floor the ceiling Windows and bright decor.Service:Easy to navigate menu. A few options with the steamed buns or rice, greens, noodles for your base and choice of toppings. No alcohol but some yummy teas to sip on with your food. The counter guy was great, able to tell me the item I ordered would be vegan (woop!) and super friendly Food:I decided on the greens (pickled veggies, mixed greens) and topped it with tempeh. Oh my goodness the fried tempeh was bomb. Perfect flavors with the heaping portion of picked veggies and ginger dressing. Overall a great spot in the loin with options for everyone. And CHEAP a great filling meal for under $10, yes please!
Gosh, I love me a mantou. Pillows of soft chewy bread. A great vehicle for food. Well, after doing some research in the area as we were about to see a show at the Orpheum, we decided to come in a little earlier to get lunch. We decided to try out the brick and mortar spot for the Chairman as I've heard so much about the food truck that I had to try it out. The pricing is a little crazy though, a bit steep but I can't judge yet as I hadn't eaten one of their buns. So we decided on four for a sampler, one short rib, one pork belly, one braised pork, and one spicy chicken. Out of the four, I would say the braised pork was the winner but each had a pretty good balance of flavors and toppings that made sense with the meat they went with.I forgot to mention seating, there are a few seats lined along the walls so grab one! A huge group might be a bit difficult to eat here though. There's also a bathroom which is nice. In the end, yes it was worth it but walking to the spot was a bit shady. Lots of homeless folks and cat calls galore...scared.
Really overpriced. Just not good. The baos are so cute in theory. But really they are overselling them. Literally. My boyfriends conclusions about the baos:: They try to make them fancy, but the flavor was just acceptable- not amazing. So for the quality and quantity it wasn't worth the price. My conclusion about my noodle dish with coca-cola pork: It came and looked so fancy, with so many things: sprouts, carrots, mushrooms! But, it all really sucked. (So sad about that.) The noodles were chilled/cold, but fortunately the meat was warm. It was a weird juxtaposition. Then, the whole dish was just drenched in dressing. Very over-dressed. I couldn't even scrape any off to not consume. I couldn't taste anything distinctive or tasty about the dish. It was just a huge mess of (maybe) mayo and red flecks of who knows what. I sat there wishing they had a more simplified version of that dish. The meat was disappointing too. I thought the pork would be soft and tender; it was dried out and didn't taste like anything, just dry stringy protein. Plus with the price- not worth. I tried to keep eating it, (to not waste food), but it was just so bad-- and then... .... a homeless man came in and began harassing my group. It was really sad, awkward, and eventually he left when I gave him my bowl of food because I wasn't going to eat it!The general set up of the restaurant is for you to eat quickly and leave. The food takes some time to come out, and so people are left to awkwardly stand in the middle of the restaurant. Not very welcoming.
I've always loved their food truck, so why not try it out at their restaurant location?I'm glad I did because it was delicious! I decided to try the rice bowl which comes with a generous amount of pickled daikon, mushrooms, cucumbers, & tempura flakes to give it a nice crunch. I also added the coco cola braided pork ($2.5) and a fried egg ($2). The pork was soft and moist and I loved the sauce that was on it. I also tried out their lychee jelly garlic lemonade and it was pretty legit. 5 stars!
MMM I'm so glad I finally tried this place. Ordered four different bao's. My friend ate half of each and I ate half of each. We got all of them steamed: - tender pork belly - coca cola braised pork - spicy chicken- braised beef short ribsMy favorite in ranking: tender pork belly, short ribs, chicken, coca cola braised pork. They're so off the chain and juicy! We also ordered the fries which was just ok... had better. But I feel like their food is more of an appetizer or snack.
This stuff is good. Love the bao. Is similar to the Vancouver BC Bao Down. Came here after searching onling for a bao place. This is it. Awesome delicious. It's so fresh good. Got the pork belly daikon bao steam and the black current soda. The black current soda tasted like black current virgin mojito. So refreshing .Only problem here no free wifi and no free parking. As well the place is super small. Not a lot of seating. There are some seats by the window and against the wall. So most people stand and eat. But it's quick food. Eat and go. Will come back. Love this place. Decor clean and nice and trendy. The just opened six months ago.
I wandered here for lunch one day because one can only have salad and potato chips so many days out of the week. Beware that it's located in the not so good part of town and you will face many obstacles as you pass through the Tenderloin. However, I got two baos; the pork belly and coca-cola braised pork. I just really like pig.Pork belly bao was what I expected. It was braised well and the fat melted with every bite. The turmeric infused daikon really helped cut out the richness and made everything balanced. Coca-cola braised pork bao had really good flavor to it. A little bit of sweet from all the sugar in the coke and some salty from the pork. My biggest gripe is that they run a bit on the smaller size and you'd have to eat a few of these to fill you up right. I guess that's how they get you to keep coming back for more.
I have been wanting to try The Chairman for quite a while now, and when my friend told me they finally opened up their own stationary spot, I was thrilled! I absolutely love their baos! I highly recommend their Tender Pork Belly Bao and Coca-Cola Braised Pork Bao! The meat was tender and savory and melted in my mouth. The flavors of the pickled daikon on the pork belly and the cabbage on the Coca-Cola braised pork worked so well together. Every bite was just as amazing as the last. I also tried their Kennebec Potato Fries, which were a bit on the saltier side, but still pretty delicious. This place is tiny, clearly not great for large groups. It's definitely hard to find available tables so plan accordingly. Can't wait to come back and try their other baos!
The Chairman is a symbol of deliciousness!I been eating Chairman for about two years now and when I found out about the store, I was in "ahhh". My dreams have finally come true! No more constant tracking down the food truck whenever I'm in the mood for some bun sandwiches. The Chairman is a bit small but it's ideal because either way people would rather Togo it because it's just that convenient! That and because everyone in SF is too busy to sit down anyways. Now time to get down to business. Everything on the menu is amazing. They have cola-braised pork! Cola and pork! It doesn't get better than that. Oh! I forgot to mention the spicy chicken! Not only is it delicious but it has garnishes on top so you don't feel too guilty eating.Overall, this place is ideal for those that crave some delicious bun sandwiches and some exploding flavored! Come while it's still hot!!!
To be honest, I really came here for their Bao Coco-Cola braised pork because it sounded cool. But they have other good stuff here as well. What's ordered:Crispy Tempeh- Its roasted carrot puree, chili pickled burdock and hijiki seaweed. I chose this in baked. Good portion, everything was housed between the golden bread bun. This one has no meat and it's not as tasty, but you do taste a hint of carrots. Also after a bite you taste the fluffy insides, not bad at all.Rice Bowl with choice of Beef Short Ribs- Its picked daikon, spicy cucumbers, marinated mushrooms, furikake, daikon sprouts and tempura flakes. Without the meat, the bowl would be pure vegetarian but you gotta have the beef short ribs with this, they were awesome! The rice was kinda like bibimbap and was really good. The words for this one is Tasty and healthy, delicious!Baos (steam buns): Spicy Chicken- Sesame puree, cilantro, pickled carrots and cucumber. The chicken of course would be dry. I liked the pickled carrots in them but this one was okay. Coco-Cola Braised Pork- Cabbage, garlic mayo and mustard seeds. The braised pork in them was worthy. This was really good and tasty with a hint of flavor. Also its everyone's favorite and it also became mines as well. When getting the Baos in steamed buns ($3.25) the portions are small and can be quick bites, but what's inside them is what counts and that's good enough for me. You also have the option in getting these sandwiched in a baked bun (up to $6.75), if you want to add filling to your belly. I've tried a few cross-over food truck to restaurant eats, and by far this one is one of my top of the list destinations.
Delicious! My husband and I bought the steamed pork belly, steamed braised short rib, rice bowl (with pork belly and short rib), and fried. Everything was so well put together and flavorful! Great experience. The prices and portions are right as well.
The Bao looked so good that I didn't want to eat it.I imagined it would taste amazing, but I probably should've left my expectations in my imaginations.Coca Cola Braised Pork Bao. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't anything to write home about. Nothing particularly stood out to me.The individual ingredients were made well. The braised pork was tender. The slaw was fresh. The steamed bun was soft. But...they did not compliment each other that well. The different flavors were on the subtle side, so there wasn't enough contrast to highlight those different flavors.Nonetheless, it's worth the try. My opinion isn't the same as everyone else's. Others might think these Baos are perfect, and I respect that. I recommend you try it out for yourself and see what you think of it.
Despite the sketchy area, I was pretty excited to try this place out. I haven't had the chance to try their truck, do coming here was a treat!)My-coworker and I both got their rice bowls. I ordered the spicy chicken rice bowl, but when I arrived back to the office, I found out that they gave me the pork belly instead! Oh well! I wasn't complaining.Everything about the bowl was just delicious!!! There was tons of flavor coming from pickled daikon. The cucumbers provided great crunch to the dish. (which was not spicy at all.) I really wished they included more pork, because I had so much rice left over! and I even broke up my pieces of pork to last longer. haha.The rice I noticed was a "fatter" grain and definitely filling.I will definitely want to come back and try their baos!
Amazing pork belly and spare rib bowl. Great mix of flavors and the pickled toppings were delectable. Pricing is fantastic for such uniquely delicious food!
I just ordered dinner from here So fab!I ordered the miso cured tofu bao steamed and the pink guava soda.My food came to me so fast.The tofu looks like a fried fish cutlet.It is such a fresh tasting dim sum snack.Very modern , hip , and new .The pink guava soda on the other hand I didn't care for too much.I gotta go back here and try the baked tofu version and try the lemonade ..... So I definitely will be back !
Yummy pork belly steamed. Small but you might want to order more! Service isn't bad but I wish they had more space for chairs and tables. People lined up to order is cramped up with people who is enjoying their meal next to the wall
I was disappointed with this place. It is not located in the best part of town. I got the pork steam bun and my friend got the coca-cola pork bun and it came out luke warm. With the kitchen right there, shouldn't it be hot? One of my pet peeve of restaurants is food coming out luke warm.We also shared the noodle salad and it was blah. There is a aftertaste of flavor to it that I cannot put my finger on it that is not pleasing to the palate. The beef that we got in it was cold and chewy, not good.We got the won ton chips and I guess it is premade as it already comes in a bag. I don't know..prefer their food truck than their stand alone store front.
No line at opening time (11:30am) on a Wednesday.They also have salads and bowls where you can add meat but The Chairman's claim to fame is their baos so naturally...I got one each of the following steamed baos:Tender Pork BellySpicy ChickenBraised BeefI also picked up 2 baked baos for my coworker. The baked ones are close to $7 each and are more like sandwiches - they look like those ciabatta sandwiches at jack in the crack, but taste WAYYYYY, WAYYYY better. The steamed ones will set you back about $3.75 eachI thought that the Spicy Chicken was just A-OK, but i loved the braised beef which was really, really flavorful and the meat very tender. The belle of the ball was the Tender Pork Belly bao aka what I like to call "The Truth" - the pork belly was tender and juicy .and the daikon adds the needed crunch to round out this perfect little piece of culinary heaven.Just writing this review is making me crave for the Tender Pork Belly bao. Guess what I'm getting for lunch today???
Best food truck in the bay area, and I don't think it's particularly close.I love all four of their standard sandwich offerings, but the pork belly is king.I've never tried their (larger) baked bun, only because I love variety so I always get a 3- (or 4-) pack of steamed buns with different flavors.I actively seek out this truck. It's worth waiting in the line you will invariably experience.
Good food and I'd definitely go again to try more things. Nothing the write home about the ambiance... it felt like a fast-food type of place.
One of my culinary loves in San Francisco is the steamed tofu bun from The Chairman truck. When I heard that they opened a brick & mortar location near my office, I knew I had to visit.I ordered the noodle bowl with tofu to go, and when I picked it up, my first thought was how heavy it was! That thought was literal at first. But at first bite, I realized that the dish was heavy in the figurative sense. It was delicious, by all means. The flavors went well together, and the tofu was fried to perfection. But the sesame puree was mayonnaise-esque in texture, so I started to feel the weight after eating a fourth of it. I did finish it though because I like to follow through.I definitely want to come back to try a rice bowl, and get a steamed tofu bun on the side.
Really great buns. I got a steamed short rib and a baked pork belly and they were both amazing. The baked ones are larger and more expensive. Would return.
More like a 4.5 but deserves to be rounded up to a 5.My friend tried all four meat selections steamed while I could only handle 2. We didn't want to try baked because it was pricier and from the yelp pictures it looks like a hamburger. The bao is a different experience and probably not as filling so we could stomach more baos. My friend says the pork belly is tender and juicy, the best of the four. Second place is the flavorful short ribs. Then according to him, braised pork is better than the spicy chicken. I had to set him straight, it's the other way around. The chicken is soft to bite into and matches well with the sauce and bread. Braised pork was too salty that it was overwhelming. But overall they were all quite good. Service is nice. The cashier was sociable and even walked by to ask us if we liked the food. But keep in mind it's not easy to find parking here and there's not a lot of seating. Should probably take it to go.
I am normally not a fan of delivery fees of more than a dollar or two but the $4.95 fee that The Chairman charges is probably a good thing- otherwise I would probably order from here constantly. It's actually also a walking distance from my apartment so I'm sure I will make a stop there in person soon also. I love any sort of bao or the soft, slightly sweet buns and the ones from here were some of the best. I ordered one each of the pork belly and the coca-cola pork. Both were so well put together- perfectly cooked and seasoned meat, wonderful flavor combinations, presented really nicely even though it was delivery. Also got the short rib rice bowl, and couldn't resist adding an egg on top. Again, really amazing stuff. Even though it was delivered, the food was still pretty warm and I loved every bite. Get over to The Chairman asap for some ridiculously good food. Word is they are adding beer soon too. That should make it even better.
I stopped by The Chairman for the first time on a Saturday for lunch while visiting San Francisco. I was able to find metered street parking relatively close by for $3/hour. The Chairman is also located right in the Tenderloin, so it's a rough area that can be scary/intimidating to walk through even during the day. I try to be extra careful of my surroundings when I am walking around here.It's definitely still worth a visit though despite the rough neighborhood! I was pleased that they had several vegetarian options available and ordered both of the vegetarian baos and a rice bowl. All of my food was delicious and unlike food I've had anywhere else. If you like Asian Fusion food, then you will love this place!I definitely plan on coming back!
Saw this across the street after already eating lunch at Pho 2000 and even though we were stuffed, just had to stop by for a bun (or two)...Just like fried chicken, if there's pork belly on the menu, I'm gonna order it. So we went with the pork belly and the braised pork and dang, the flavors were amazing. Amazing. The juicy meat to the sauces to the pickles and top seasonings, all wrapped in a steamed bun. This is definitely on par with the original Baohaus in NYC which is one of my all time favorite places. And total was only around $8! Good snack or meal for one if you're not too hungry :)
*Waka Flocka voice* BAO, BAO, BAO, BAO, BAO, BAO, BAO!Delicious flavors packed in soft buns (hehe)! Honestly, you can't go wrong with either one. Looks may be deceiving so, yes they look small, but just two and a side got me more than satisfied. Not feeling for a bun? It's all good because they have rice bowls. Same ingredients, but just more packed with rice. My friend got the Pork Belly bowl- she loved it, I loved it, the end.Also, you HAVE to get the Wonton Chips as a side! It's so good, that I just had to leave with two more bags. Yeah, they may look like just regular 'ol wonton chips, but damn are they addicting. The nori and the citrus salt they use is so good together. They also use the same for their fries.One more thing to add, the space is small. Be prepared to find a place to go eat your food if it gets too crowded.Easily one of the many best foodventures I had in SF!
Sign me up because I want to join your cause, Chairman. To bring tasty bao's to San Francisco.I've tried everything, and I do mean everything, including your new salads, and I love everything here.I'm the one in line who simply can't decide what boa to get because they're all so deliciously moist, tender, juicy, flavorful, that I wind up getting all of your bao's. Even the vegetarian tofu one, which is one of my favorite vegetarian foods of all time. That miso crust is so memorable that you have me believing in vegetarian food again.But, let's not forget about all your delicious meats, your coca-cola pork, pork belly, and chicken, oh man, it's like an exciting fireworks display of flavor for my tastebuds!Long live the Panda!
Oh the BAO... steamed is the way to go. The baked ones look like a hamburger. My friend took the top bun off of hers because there was too much bread interfering with the yummy goodness inside. Or she was just cutting down on carbs - regardless, go with the steamed bun. The service when we went was pretty bad. The person at the register didn't seem like she knew what she was doing. It probably took about a minute for a customer to tell her what they wanted but she took about 10 minutes to complete the order. Most of the time was spent staring at the register. Anyway, I ordered the pork belly (a must!) and the coca-cola braised pork. The pork belly was so juicy and fatty and delicious! The coca-cola braised pork was okay. I regretted not ordering the short rib bao. At ~$4 per bao, it can get a bit pricey if you intend to try one of each in one sitting but they're so delicious...
Wait I can have pork belly baos every day at one location and dont have to chase the truck around???? I am in! Before I would have to check the truck schedule and drive up to the next food truck throwdown, but not anymore. We are free to come here as often as we want to indulge on the sweetness of marinated pork belly complimented with the sourness of the radishes. I dream of Pork Belly Baos :)
It really is THAT good. No, really.I never had the pleasure of checking out the chairman truck, but when I saw the brick and martyr on the front page of yelp, I knew I had to give it a go.Why?- I grew up in Houston, eating traditional Vietnamese bao (usually with duck).- I love the idea anything traditional with a spin... but usually end up hating it when I try it and resort back to the original. - I was in desperate need of a review to maintain my "elite-ness". Lessbehonest here.Sunday morning came and we headed towards little Saigon in the TL, nervously parked amongst the neighborHOOD characters and power walked into the chairman. It's a cool spot.... Minimal, themey and window seating for a meal with a show.Not checking yelp before, we aimlessly scanned the menu. The final damage was:- Tender Pork Belly with Turmeric Pickled Daikon & Green Shiso (steamed)- Coca-Cola Braised Pork with Savoy Cabbage & Preserved Yellow Mustard Seeds (steamed)- Spicy Chicken with Toasted Sesame Pure, Pickled Carrots-Cucumber & Cilantro (steamed)- Kennebec potato fries with nori and assorted sauces- Ginger lemonade with lychee jelly and mintHaving had traditional baos my whole life and even trendy spinoffs (SHOUTOUT TO MY PEOPLE FAT BAO IN HOUSTON!), I was thoroughly impressed. The meat was perfectly seasoned, the bao was airy and fluffy as it should be and the pickled veggies on top were the icing on the cake. Ma lady, who is Vietnamese, was even impressed.... So much so that she took an additional glace at the menu for a round two.I came in a skeptic and left a fan. I am sure there will be a plethora of copycats (because that's what SF does best) who will try and make bao the next "in" thing for the mission bearded hipsters, but the chairman has set the bar.#mood: i740.photobucket.com/alb
*So..... to go to the Chairman's store, I walked through the Tenderloin area which is known as one of the most dangerous area in San Francisco. #theThingsiDoForFood. *I turned a 15 min walks into 5 mins of speed walking and made it to the Chairman without getting shot, yay. *Worth it? YES. The moment I started eating, I completely forgot about the hardship and the fact that I walked through the ghettoes area of San Fran.-Pink Guava Soda (Passion fruit, toasted coriander) - $4: Ordered this with no expectation and it was pretty dam tasty! The soda had a nice balance of sweet and sour, a flavorful and refreshing drink with a hint of toasted (!) coriander that gave a nice kick.-Tender Pork Belly Rice Bowl with the Chairman rice - $10: The portion here was really generous and there was a good amount of toppings to rice. The pork belly had a melt in your mouth texture, crisp on the outside, tender and juicy on the inside. The pickled daikon is similar to the ones that come with Jajangmyeon (Korean black bean paste noodle) so it added some tartness and along with fresh daikon sprout, it helped to cut down the fatty pork belly. With every bites you are getting some crunch from the tempura flakes and furikake, which I thoroughly enjoyed with the earthy marinated mushrooms! The Chairman rice was essentially rice with cooked beans and some spices, however it was definitely worth the upgrade and added an extra boost of flavor to the rice bowl, I don't think I would have enjoyed this without the chairman rice.
Several delicious veggie options!Personally I like the tofu option more than the Tempeh. Not too much room for eating in the restaurant.
Ughhh my GOD!! Sooo delicious, but why, Chairman Bao, must you be so far from my neighborhood! And somewhere with such scarce parking! :'( Anywho... when I heard Chairman Bao was opening a brick and mortar of the popular food truck, I put it on my yelp bookmarks right away! I've had a bite of a bao from the chairman bao truck ONCE... just once, in high school and I don't even remember it. I'm never in the mood for waiting in line during off the grid either, so I haven't had it since. I've always heard it was really good, but I just assumed it was overhyped.I came here for a quick dinner with two of my friends before heading out to an event and ordered 3 steamed baos: the tender pork belly, the slow braised beef short rib, and the coca cola braised pork. I have no doubt that these are the three most popular because 1) they are absolutely amazing and 2) they're the first three that you read on the menu.. Lol! I also wanted to try the tofu, but didn't think I could fit another bao in me... And I was definitely right about that, I was full after 3!Sooo here's the lowdown:- Tender pork belly ($3.75): Of course you have to order this, it's what the chairman is famous for!! It came with two slices of tender, melt in your mouth, pork belly topped with a spicy/sweet yellow daikon. You get the richness of the caramelized pork belly with the contrast of the freshness of the daikon. DEE-LISH.- Slow braised beef short rib ($5.25): Wasn't sure what to expect from this but I was greeted with super tender, pull apart beef. The curry sauce wasn't too dominant, instead I barely tasted it and wish it had more!! - Coca-cola braised pork ($3.75): I was excited for this one and not disappointed at all! Loved the garlic mayo and the mustard seeds, but the meat was the star! Slightly crispy, but again, tender like the rest of the meats i'd had.And of course all three proteins and toppings were stuffed and enclosed in a soft, steamed white bao. The cherry atop a perfect meal. :-) Service was also very friendly and they have a free water station with cups to serve yourself. All good with me!! The prices are a little high (same as the truck), but the portion size is pretty big and the food quality is amazing.
Definitely one of my favorite new finds through a friend. The giant panda head logo with the red Chinese patriotic style stripes is impactful. The atmosphere inside is cozy, but expect nothing fancy as far as decor. It's set up for you to eat and that's what really makes this place shine. I ordered the braised pork on a steam bun and a braised beef on a baked bun to sample both. I believe they were the same price. The braised pork was perfect, fatty, dripping with umami, slightly sweet and savory. The pickled radish on top adds another layer of mouth watering goodness, it compliments the pork well. And the steamed bun which is more like a mini fluffy white pancake folded around the meat and pickles, open top like a taco.The bun was just enough, plus soft, with a very slight sweetness, like white rice.The braised beef was also delicious, definitely a heartier, thicker cut than the pork and the baked bun was a cross between a brioche and Hawaiian sweet bread, it's probably one or the other. The bun may have been too much filler, the steamed bun is a better choice if you don't want to get full after one. I just got lost in takin this bad boy down. The beef was also super tender, like it was slow cooked. They also have Sriracha as the one condiment, and in this case it was the only option necessary, just to give it that spicy kick!
One of my most favorite cheap eats in all of SF. No matter if I just ate, am starving, and stuffed - whatever the occasion, if I see the Chairman Truck I just NEED to get at least one of those buns in my belly!I have only tried their steamed buns - I'm sure everything is good here, but the steamed buns are so fantastic, I find myself always resorting to those. My favorite steamed buns are the 1) spicy chicken bao, 2) pork belly bao, and 3) braised pork. Probably in that order - but really just depends on my mood at the time. Most frequented, though, are the chicken and pork belly. I was so pumped to see they had a brick-and-mortar location. Now I can hit up the Chairman that much more frequently :) And no frickin' long line like you usually find at the truck :)
SO DELICIOUS. Bao buns. Glorious bao buns. Coming from LA I'm a big fan of The Bun Shop, so I was curious how they would compare. I tried one of everything, but I think the Spicy chicken is my favorite. They def beat out my favorite LA buns. Not much else to say other than if you're in the hood or itching for some bao, this is a must hit spot.
Don't let me into your house; I'll eat everything that isn't nailed down. Don't let me into your baos; I'll order everything that isn't vegetarian. #hideyaappshideyaentreesTaste: 4 starsPrice vs Portion: ehhhhh...Overall: 3 1/2(^_^) Tender Pork Belly $3.75(^_^) Braised Beef Short Rib $5.75(^_^) Spicy Chicken $3.25(^_^) Coca-Cola Braised Pork $3.75(^_^) Ginger Lemonade $4Glad I got everything that didn't have the words tofu or tempeh in it; any fewer and dinnertime would've abbreviated to snacktime.
Reading through the reviews, I was expecting way more from this place. It seems like it's a little bit hyped.I had a couple things but my favorite was the Coca Cola braised pork bun. The rest was just meh to be honest! It was tasty but not spectacular.I've had better baos before in L.A. so it didn't go over my expectations!
They're way more generous with the toppings here than on the truck. I guess that makes sense. For example, I could not see the pork belly through the multiple layers of pickled daikon. In the parlance of our times, it was raining daikon. Not a huge fan of the chicken, braised pork is also good.Also, this area is completely fine as long as you're not a typical SFresident walking around staring at their phone and not paying attention. So stop saying it's sketchy, since really you're just propagating nonsense.
Besides having a funny name, this place also serves great food. I ordered a rice bowl with pork belly after reading reviews and was a very happy camper. The meat did not disappoint; it was soft, tender, flavorful, and simply delicious. I also enjoyed the pickled vegetables and shiitake mushrooms that came in the bowl.For $6.50 base price + 2.50 for the pork, this meal was so worth it. As for ambience, it's a pretty casual setting with not much seating. This would be a good place to get to go or just a quick bite. I hope to come back and try the baos!
The Chairman is the latest Off the Grid food truck that has parked and opened a restaurant. Though the popular and colorful food truck is still kicking ass and continue trucking around the Bay Area!The new restaurant has the same color and designed dcor similar to the patented food truck. But the dining area is very limited with a few stools, counter-top tables and a couple of outside benches. I was here for dinner. I ordered the BBQ braised short rib on a baked bun. For $10.50, I get tender piece of boneless beef in a thick Curry sauce with a spicy mayo and fennel slaw on baked glazed Asian-style bun. The beef was very tender and tasty and the spicy mayo and slaw complimented well together. And the restaurant's baked sugar-glazed buns are similar buns you find in many Chinese bakeries in their BBQ pork buns. There are no combo meals here and every item is sold separately. Therefore I also ordered a side of fries and a refreshing cup of ginger lemonade. The fries are seasoned with a hint of rosemary. And the ginger lemonade with a leaf of mint makes a refreshing brew. I liked this drink very much. As I was enjoying my meal, I was continuing to browse through the small menu with a definite return. The rice bowls are also very popular too. Despite the new restaurant is located in the heart of jagged Tenderloin, just enjoy your meal without looking the riff-raff activities on Larkin Street.
Stopped by on my way to the airport because I realized I hadn't tried any Asian Fusion food while visiting - and I know SF is known for awesome Asian restaurants.I found this spot based on the Yelp star rating and I'm glad we checked it out. I had the steamed pork belly and short rib bao and was impressed. The flavors were unlike anything I've ever had before - but I loved it! The bun and meat almost melt in your mouth. This place is clean, and I love the vibrant colors inside. The tables/seats are bar style and maybe only 12 places to sit. The neighborhood is a bit sketchy and several homeless men came inside to ask patrons for food - but other than that, this place is great.
New brick and mortar location for the popular chairman truck in the tenderloin. Not a very nice area but nice interior. Counter style ordering with counter seating only.Tender Pork Belly (Steamed) - 4/5 - The classic bao executed very well.Braised Beef Short Rib (Baked) - 4/5 - The japanese curry overpowers the horseradish and Fennel. Still good though.Coca-Cola Braised Pork (Steamed) - 5/5 - So good. Crispy, chewy burnt end feeling to the pork. Garlic mayo and mustard seed make it so savory and delicious.2x Fried Chicken Wings - 3/5 - Although good and sweet, this was the least impressive of all the dishes. Wonton Chips - 5/5 - So addicting.Kennebec Potato Fries - 4/5 - The sauces are the reason to order this. I really liked the bbq one which had some kick to it. All three were good though. The fries were better than most as well.In the future I would order the following in order of preference:Coca-cola Braised Pork (Baked)Wonton ChipsTender Pork Belly (Steamed)Braised Beef Short Rib (Rice Bowl + Egg)Overall, The Chairman specializes in bao and it does a great job at it. I will certainly be back for more in the future. "As good as it gets."
Daaaaaaamn son look at them buns! I have been a fan of The Chairman's truck for just about 3 years now and I had to get my ace over here to try them directly from the restaurant, well if you want to be gracious enough to call it that. Please believe I am not knocking it, it's just one of those scenarios when you are standing outside of a place that you have pictured of being huge inside and when you enter its more of the size of a gas station convenience store. Despite the scarce amount of seating in this place (it may seat 15-20 people or so), the bao's so damn good that you find yourself wondering should I just order one of each and hide in a corner somewhere in the neighborhood looking like I am conducting some type of shady business deal while devouring your stash. As a matter of fact, you probably could load up a bag full of them and take them to a restaurant or a corner in the Marina and sell them for 3 times what you are paying for them here... They are simply that good. The lunch time line is typically long, but does move fast, so do yourself a favor and come in after the rush, around 1:30-2 and grab a window seat and watch the always entertaining "TL Street Show". You never know what you will see out there so be forewarned...The orders come out quick and with a smile, the staff is on point and as friendly and accommodating. I have yet to try the rice bowls but if they are anything near as good as the baked and steamed choices on the menu you cannot go wrong. With this being said I will leave it in your hands to make the decisions on what you will order to satisfy your cravings.Plotting my return now... See you soon giant panda! Day bao bao...
This was my first time coming here and I was pretty impressed (: though I had a problem finding the chairman truck I ended up finding the restuarant which was better ! The prices here is a bit expensive but worth it. You get to choose between baked and steamed for your bao. It seems like there wasn't parking but luckly our inn was close by. I ordered a baked tender pork belly, steamed pork belly, Coca-cola braised pork, spicy chicken, braised beef short rib, and a bowl of rice with pork short ribs. All of the bao were really delicious but it can make you fully easily. Every bao comes with pickled daikon. The bowl of rice was delicious too but very costly. A simple bowl of rice is $6.50 and you have a choice of meat which is extra charge $1.50-$5.50 depending on which meat and there are also add ons. I also got the wonton chips which didn't have much flavor but still tastes okay. Overall, I'm pretty impressed with the food there though it's pretty pricey but it was delicious I would come back here if I come back to SF !
Love the salad bowl and noodle bowl which were very tasty and fresh. Delicious sauted mushrooms and pickled veggies are a plus! Ordered with company and the meal came fresh and packaged nicely.
Delicious all around! Baked coca cola braised pork -best bao ever! !! Pork was tender and had a light crisp on the outside, the bun was soft and fluffy and tasted like it was grilled with some butter. So ooooo good Steamed braised rib - yummy curry sauce over fall - apart tender beefSteamed Pork belly bao- pickled veggies with fatty pork belly. Ya can't hate Very friendly cashier, clean tables, and great food! Certainly a winner!!
great to see they have a flagshiphad been an avid follower of their truck lunch runs and glad to see & taste they haven't missed a beatwell wishes and keep up the great work!
I'm a huge Chairman truck fan so it was a real delight to see the brick and mortar location. It's a small shop tucked away in little Saigon, but worth the trip. Aside from the usual bao's and buns, they also have rice, noodle and salad bowls along with drinks that aren't on the truck. The noodle bowl is to die for, and the rice is a broken black rice with beans.I'm so glad I don't have to chase down the truck anymore, but can come in when I'm craving that sweet spicy bao.
I'd rather hop over a couple of toothless crackheads in the Tenderloin for this new brick and mortar location than chase the Chairman Bao truck around town for some of the best baos you'll ever have. I've only tried the steamed pork belly bao, which to me is pure perfection, and the steamed beef braised short rib bao, with a yummy curry sauce filling that was unexpectedly good to me.The decor is a hipster vibe, with few booth seats up against the wall and window, but I'd rather eat there than sit on milk carton crates or schmooze next to garbage cans near the food truck on cold Friday nights at Fort Mason.Can't wait to try their other baos, burgers, and interestingly enough, noodle salads made from sweet potato starch.One of the few Asian fusion places that I'm ecstatic about!
The Chairman, opened less than two months ago, originated as a food truck and decided to set its roots in the Tenderloin. The food truck was voted best food truck by San Francisco Magazine. This is legit stuff, man! Although known for their famous baos, they also serve rice bowls, noodle salads, and chicken wings. Their baos are delivered daily from a dim sum restaurant in the Richmond district. And it was like taking a bite out of soft pillowy clouds.- Tender Pork Belly with turmeric pickled kaikon and green shiso ($3.75 for steamed/$6.75 for baked): GET INTO MY (PORK) BELLY! You can do no wrong here.- Crispy Miso Cured Tofu with garlic-tofu mayo and baby choy sum ($3.25 for steamed/$6 for baked): You wouldn't think a tofu bao would be good, but it's very special and delicious!- Coca-cola Braised Pork with cabbage and preserved yellow mustard seeds ($3.75 for steamed/$6.75 for baked): braised pork is braised pork. Wasn't anything too mind blowing.Difference between steamed and baked? Steamed is the small bao that is folded in half and has a hint of sweetness. Baked is burger-like buns.Service is quick and very friendly. I'm lucky I don't need to be chasing the Chairman Bao truck... cause I can find it waiting for me here!
When the Chairman Bao truck rolled into town with its Mao-capped panda logo, it generated immediate buzz among the Yelperati, so much so that I was dreading the inevitable disappointment of trying it myself. However, I took one bite of the steamed pork belly bun and got hooked. I even raised lofty parallels with the pork belly buns I had at Momofuku (review: bit.ly/1EAz3EI), no small praise from a persnickety type like me. So when owner Curtis Lam decided to open a more permanent spot on Larkin in Little Saigon, I was pretty psyched since I'm just not any good chasing trucks on a Twitter feed.As it turned out, it's a fairly small spot not that much removed from ordering off a truck except there are about fifteen counter seats and some new menu selections to consider. The place still feels hipster-centric to me as the locals were making fun of the more privileged customers who come here versus the surrounding Vietnamese eateries. There is most definitely a different, contempo-modern vibe in here versus the more traditional Four Seasons or Turtle Tower across the street. Fresh from a copier in need of a new ink cartridge, the menu is split between their familiar baos (buns) and the newly added bowls (photo: bit.ly/1Fdez8Q).I decided to try both sides of the menu to get a good range of what they do here. In other words, I was hungry. I decided to remind myself of what delighted me before, the $3.75 Steamed Tender Pork Belly Bao, a nice slab marinated in red miso glaze, inserted into a pillow-like bun with the pork, and accompanied by tumeric pickled daikon and green shiso (photo: bit.ly/1G5p3ba). It was awfully decadent and awfully good still. It's no wonder I would sell my firstborn for a good slab of pork belly. Given the bargain price, I ordered another one, the $3.25 Steamed Spicy Chicken Bao, which was not quite as transcendent flavor-wise but hearty eating nonetheless with a toasted sesame pure, panchan pickled carrots & cucumber and cilantro (photo: bit.ly/1e0Dfar).Another bao could have done me in, but I instead ordered the $9 Noodle Salad with - you'll never guess - yep, pork belly for an extra $2.50. Now this was a genuinely tasty creation if a bit on the creamy side with purple potato noodles, marinated mushrooms, chili-pickled burdock & hijiki seaweed and daikon sprouts, all of it tossed in the same toasted sesame pure (photo: bit.ly/1AVPfPE). This was quite a bowl and well worth repeating. I managed to snag a seat at the higher window counter as the youthful clientele was too busy texting each other to eat much less acknowledge my geriatric presence. Coming to my rescue was Rusty Olson of Rusty's Southern who remembered me from his terrific new restaurant just around the corner (review: bit.ly/1e0DmD9).FOOD - 4 stars...the baos are as good as ever with the noodle salad a nice, decadent additionAMBIANCE - 3.5 stars...was hoping for more tables and seats rather than a take-out stand but oh wellSERVICE - 3 stars...on the coolish side...I mean frigidTOTAL - 4 stars...the Chairman puts down roots in the 'Loin and serves up heaping good stuff
XXXcellent food.Whether you're young, broke, and hungry or a wealthy business person ready to grab some grub this is the place!Okay. First of all I would like to call out all the snobby people who keep talking about this being a bad neighborhood. Please keep in mind that this business is in a neighborhood full of working families who just so happen to love by some drug dealers. If you can't handle the freak'n ten minute walk from the bus station into the wonderful TL DONT COME HERE. YOURE SNOBBY ASS CAN'T HANDLE THIS DELICIOUSNESS IN YOU MOTHERF-ING mouth anyway. So if I read one more remark about your scrawny self being scared, I'm gonna send your sad self to prison. You'll be real scared then!Alright, after that tangent here comes my review on the food.I don't eat meat so I love their tempeh bao or their fried tofu bok chop bao. I get the baked bun because I can eat but if you're looking for a snack this is a good idea too. The noodle bowl is yummy. Comes with a sesame dressing that might have some miso in it.My boyfriend likes to get the coca-cola bun which he loves. It's packed with flavor and the meat just melts in your mouth.I love the siracha they put on the sides.ALSO, get an order of their won-ton chips. They're on fleek. Like the waitresses brows.Shoutout to cashiers all the time. You make my day playing that J-Lo. Throwback slaps.
I'm only unhappy about the location of this place but loved the vegetarian (fried tofu) bao. In fact that's the only bao vegetarian option. I wish they had more options.Crowded by homeless people outside and one of them tried to bully me to give a dollar. I walked away but it spoiled my entire experience at the ChairMan which was good.Also tried the tofu bao with baked bun that was tastier than the steamed.
Very dissatisfied & disappointing.... How can u mistakenly give me a tofu when I ordered PORK BELLY???????? I took it to go do didn't even think I would need to chk a simple order!!!!!!!! You need to train that young guy at the cash register .... I pointed to the menu .. I repeated 3x .... How can u get it wrong???? ?????
Excellent food. To be honest (and you likely know this), not authentic and not cheap. More noveau/inspired-by and pricey. But good for what it is. Fresh ingredients, good recipes, well prepared; made to order. Faster than you would expect.Friendly service. Took a photo of the chef -- don't know if he was hired b/c he looks like "the Chairman," but he sure does.A bright spot in the Tenderloin.
Ackkkk!!! The truck finally open an actual place for their baos! Super excited!I cant really review for everyone because I dont eat beef or pork, but if you are a vegetarian, i definitely recommend their steamed tofu bao!And on top of everything, their Bao Wonton Chips is a must have! Only $2.50Cheers!
I don't want none, if you aint got buns hun.Sir Mix-A-Lot got it right especially when it comes to bao. The Chairman has an assortment of chinese style clam shell style buns. You can stick anything on these buns and it will blow your mind. It first started with the Peking Duck, then the pork belly followed shortly. Flash forward to today and we have The Chairman. They bring us perfectly fried Tofu, braised short ribs, and other savory varieties.I stopped by on a Friday night after a happy hour and a bowl of pho from across the street. I was already full, but I couldn't pass up getting some baos. All I wanted was a pork belly bao, but I ended up also with a fried tofu and short rib. Pork Belly // cooked perfectly with a fall apart in your mouth texture. Its fattiness was cut by the tart pickled with turmeric pickled daikon. Short rib // braised in a coca cola five spice concoction that reminded my of Taiwanese beef noodle soup. It is delicious in its own right, but a little too savory for a bun.Fried Tofu // slices of creamy fried tofu provides a great contrast of textures. Crunchy silky tofu, a fluffy spongy bun all topped with some raw bok choy. My tip would be to come to The Chairman's brick and mortar stop as soon as you can. The staff are super friendly and wrapped the ingredients of our to-go order individually when we requested it. It's a 5-10 minute walk from Union Square (however in the Tenderloin). The lines are relatively short for now, but as soon as it catches wind, it is every man and woman for themselves.
I freaking love The Chairman Bao!!! I first discovered them through Off The Grid and instantly fell in love with them! I think they might be the best food truck in SF!All of the baos are heavenly! Baked or steamed buns.. you cannot go wrong. Braised Beef Short Rib, Spicy Chicken, or the Coca-Cola braised pork! NOMMM.The baked baos are bigger which makes them a little more expensive. Either way, it's still an inexpensive meal here at The Chairman.I recently had their Seasonal Greens bowl w/ Spicy Chicken! So if you're anything like me... someone who tries to eat healthy but not at the same time then this one's for you! It was the perfect portion and still loaded with flavor minus the extra heavy carb calories lolll
I was very excited to try this place based on all the amazing reviews but was very disappointed. It's in a rough neighborhood so getting there from our hotel was a bit of a struggle (we were about a mile away and is recommend ubering). The food was okay - nothing to write home about - it got the rice bowl with the short rib and was disappointed in the amount of short rib for the $6 up charge. The cucumbers tasted a bit rotten so overall not very impressed.
I've had Chairman Bao's food truck food only once in the past because it has been inconvenient to follow the truck routes across city locations. It's great now that there's a traditional brick and mortar store option nestled around some great TL pho joints that I frequent. Surprisingly, at 8pm on a Friday evening, the restaurant was not very crowded. Seating is very limited, only a handful of stools at countertop seating around the store's perimeter, so eating as a duo or to-go orders is optimal, and bigger parties would be awkwardly seated. When I was there, they were out of braised pork belly (which I'd had at the truck) so I'll have to go back and get that next time. I opted for steamed buns because I am a huge fan of their fluffy white baos that remind me of the Peking duck wraps. I ordered 5 steamed buns and an order of 5 wings for $30 total which fed 2 people. I was hoping for more bang for my buck from a restaurant in the Tenderloin neighborhood, but I expected the per bun price to be a bit steep ($3.75). Steamed buns:To be honest, I recollect the steamed buns having a sweeter fuller flavor at the truck location, and I hope that same taste is brought out in the bao dough at the store. Spicy chicken 4/5: the chicken was tender and the sauce was flavorful. It was spicy enough for me, but it sidelined other favors individually like the toasted sesame pure. I felt like the spice and pickled veggies overtook the whole flavor and detracted from the chicken. Coca cola braised pork 4.5/5: this really hit the spot for me because the plainer flavor of the cabbage brought out the seasoning in the pork appropriately and the mustard seeds, to my relief, were not too strong. Short rib 4/5: the meat was delicious but along the slice of meat portion was a long thick ribbon of fat which made the meat sinewy and a bit chewy, not a texture I really appreciate I my meat. After removing that and a few of the pickled daikons, the flavor balance was much better.
So excited that The Chairman finally opened a storefront location! Whenever I used to go to any 'off the grid' events, I always hoped The Chairman would be there for their delicious baos, but now I can go anytime I want! Their tofu bao is delicious and I definitely recommend it for the vegetarians (I liked the tofu more than the tempe bao). At their store, they also have rice bowls which is a good, interesting, and filling option if you're extremely hungry. We tried the tofu rice bowl with chairman rice (which is just rice with beans and spices) and it was very good as well. Between 2, 2 baos and a tofu rice bowl was enough food for us! Even though this is a very small restaurant, the staff is very friendly. Just a small thing, but the cashier could see I was struggling with the sriracha bottle so she came over and gave me a brand new one to use! I really appreciated this customer service even though she didn't need to go out of her way to do this at all.Can't wait to come back again :)
Always been a fan of the chairman truck. Now I don't have to find out where the truck is! Location has some bar seating. If coming after 12, you probably should get the food to-go. I ordered the pork belly steamed bun which was perfectly balanced with pickles and meat and bun. It's been my fav. (5/5)Also got their smaller portion of chicken wings. Done nicely. Wings were plump and it was more than enough for me. I actually only ate two and shared the other two with my coworker bc I was stuffed! Be warned- fingers will be sticky! I would say these are a non spicy version of San Tung wings. Good but I prefer a little more heat. (3/5)The lemonade was delicious but kind of sweet. Tastes much better once the ice melted. (3/5)Look forward to coming back to try their rice bowls and fries :)
The Chairman is my favorite food truck from OTG, so when I saw they just opened a store front I couldn't wait to try it!We ordered the miso fried tofu baked bun, spicy chicken steamed bun, pork belly steamed bun, rice bowl with braised short rib, and fries. Once again, we over ordered!The miso tofu was as good as expected, it's my favorite tofu sandwich ever! Spicy chicken was good, and while I didn't try the pork belly bun, the bf always enjoys that. The rice bowl is HUGE!!! He wasn't anticipating on it being that big. It was filled with all kinds of goodies. The bf (who is very much a carnivore) said he wouldn't even mind eating this rice bowl as is with its veggies. Now that's saying something! The fries were ok, but nothing spectacular. Compared to the rest of the meal, I'd say this was the most lack luster and could be skipped. One thing that I found really annoying is that there is absolutely no shades for the windows, so when it's 5pm and the sun is still high, you couldn't be anywhere without the sun directly on you staring at you in the face. But the food is definitely worth being blinded by the sun!
They opened a restaurant! For those who don't know the chairman is that food truck that has the longest line at off the grid. I'm glad they have a restaurant now because we can grab them whenever!The restaurant is pretty small and located in the Tenderloin. You cant miss their store. Their Panda logo really stands out in the neighborhood that its in. It can maybe seat about 30 people inside? Not to worry though, it doesn't take long to finish these delicious baos. I think most people take it to go anyways. They actually have a lot of other items their menu you can't get from the food truck, so there is still a lot of things on the menu that I want to try. I decided to order the baos that you can get from the food truck to test if it tastes better than the food truck and..... it did. I ordered the miso cured tofu bao, pork belly bao, coca-cola braised pork, they were all delicious. I even took some to-go for my girlfriend and they were awesome enough to separate all the ingredients in my to-go box. I'm looking forward to my next visit and trying the new menu items!
Mr. NSS: "So where are you dragging me this weekend?"Me: "Well, a very very special truck (Hello Kitty truck) is coming into town this weekend, and for this weekend only but there may be a bit of a wait."Mr. NSS: "Like, how long of a wait?"Me: "Ohhh just 3 maybe 4 hours..."Mr. NSS: "WTF, is the truck giving out free happy endings?!"Me: "Well, I also got invited to a soft opening of a new place but there may be a bit of wait there too."Mr. NSS: "How long?"Me: "Maybe an hour but they have pork belly."Mr. NSS: "Just an hour and they have pork belly?"Me: "Yup."Mr. NSS: "I guess."Can you tell that he likes waiting? I didn't even care to go to the HK truck but I knew that would be a good "bargaining" tool. Well, that and pork belly.*evil laugh*Voted the best food truck by San Francisco Magazine, voted the best Chinese food in California by Yahoo, and the food truck that draws the largest line than any other food truck (well except for the Hello Kitty truck), The Chairman's has now gone brick and mortar. Opening today in their former commissionary kitchen, The Chairman will be serving their signature baos (steamed or baked) along new additions to the menu: rice bowls, [japchae] noodle salad ($9 + protein), wonton chips w/ citrus togarashi ($2.50), fries w/ nori ($3.50), and fried chicken wings (3 pc - $5, 5 pc -$10). For their signature baos (s - steamed, b- baked), they have pork belly (s - $3.75, b - $6.75), braised short ribs (s- $5.75, b -$10.50), spicy chicken, miso tofu, and crispy tempeh (s- $3.25, b- $6.25). Vegetarian, vegan, and gluten-free friendly. Brown rice available. Housemade sodas: black currant, pink guava, apricot, and ginger lemonade are $4. Cc's accepted. For their soft opening over the weekend, there was a line before they opened so there was a bit of a wait while they got their POS system running and the kitchen was backed up. Anticipate some grand opening kinks so be patient because their food was worth it (Asian fusion done right by non-yipsters).We started with their Signature Pork belly Bao ($3.75): bit.ly/1cpbjMA which is always a must order. Their bao comes from a long standing dim sum place in the Richmond and is delivered fresh daily. The warm, pillowy soft bao is generously stuffed with 2 thick slices of red miso glazed succulently tender pork belly and turmeric pickled daikon for a refreshingly tart crunch. If you want a full meal, go with their baked version which is a sandwich sized bao. We shared their 2x Fried Chicken Wings (5 pc - $10) which are whole wings glazed with a yuzu kosho sauce (blend of citrus zest, garlic, chile, and salt): bit.ly/1an6IZL. Loved the sticky savory sauce with a nice sweet heat. The wings could have been crispier but I'm sure they'll perfect their recipe soon.We also shared a Rice Bowl which you build with your choice of protein (pork belly, short ribs, chicken, tofu, tempeh), 3 sides (various pickled veggies), and 2 garnishes (furikake, sesame seeds, tempura flakes). Top it with a fried organic egg for $2. We choose Braised Short Ribs w/ fennel slaw, soy mushrooms, panchan carrots & cucumbers, fried egg, tempura flakes ($12 + $2 egg): bit.ly/1DBiPye. The three thick slices of short ribs were fork tender and had a curry (?) essence. The rice was slightly sticky which I liked (brown rice +$1). The trio of veggie sides were fresh and well marinated. The runny yolk added an additional creamy layer while the tempura flakes gave a satisfying crunch. Highly recommended for deliciously filling meal. Their soda machine wasn't working but I was able to try their Ginger Lemonade (sorry no pic) which was nicely tart and had pieces of sweet lychee. Do grab a bag of their Wonton Chips ($2.50) before you go back to the office for a mid-day snack! Uber crunchy and addicting with the dusting of citrus togarashi pepper and strips of nori. Service was friendly and they were expediting as many orders as they could. Fully staffed with 5-6 people just in the kitchen alone so once they get into their groove, they should be able to bang out orders quickly during the lunch rush. The space is bright and has a lot of natural light coming in: bit.ly/1DbqhyF. There's only 15 stools so this intended for casual quick eats.Me: "So was it worth the wait?"Mr. NSS *yolk running down the corner of his mouth with a tempura flake AND a scallion dangling on his lip*: "Mmmm yeah."Well, there you go folks! 5 stars from him.
These were some tasty buns!I was looking on yelp for a cool spot to eat at for lunch while I was visiting SF and this had the ratings and photos to help make my decision easy.I stopped in after a visit to city hall and the symphony center. The place was not crowded at all and my order came out pretty fast. I ordered two different pork buns and an order of their asian fries which come with three different dipping sauces which I also tried out with the buns.The buns may look a little small but they are filled with meat and will fill your belly.I got the steamed buns because they were quite cheaper on the menu but I would like to see how big the baked buns are and if they are better.
Randomly walked in here - have to admit, the sign enticed me to check it out. Had no idea about the food truck history behind it, and honestly had no idea what I was ordering until it came out. I decided I would go into this one without Yelp, to get a more objective experience. Got the standard, steamed pork belly bao (pictured), and was pleasantly surprised. Definitely would go back and get it again. It's just a bit pricey considering how much you get and where you are getting it (heart of the Tenderloin). Next time I'll try the braised short ribs - it was sold out when I got there. I'll have this place bookmarked for the future and would also recommend it to others - I may give the bump up to 5 stars later if it continues to impress.
Really good! Came here for dinner before a show. I've eaten at their food truck many times and so I was glad to see a brick n' mortar place in my neighborhood. The buns were delicious as always. We had the pork belly, tofu, and chicken. We also had a pork belly rice bowl.Service was above average for a casual place. Seating was counter style along the wall. There aren't tables so either get food to-go or dine-in solo or with a date.The bowls add up once you add protein and the prices are definitely higher than the truck. They had run out of short ribs when we got there but that was also the most expensive thing on the menu so we probably wouldn't have ordered it anyway.Although the steamed buns are still the best bites here, we were pleasantly surprised with the bowl as well. Lots of flavors and textures going on and it all goes amazing together!
Every time I manage to stumble across the truck, there's always a long queue waiting for food. So why not just go for the brick and mortar location in the Tenderloin?I opted for the Baked Spicy Chicken and nori fries with three dipping sauces. The sauce in which the chicken was cooked in really brought out the flavor and complemented the garnishes of carrots other things that were in it. Really enjoyable to eat, and for $6.80 it's definitely worth it. (I'll be trying the pork belly next time I have a chance) Fries were fried well, and my favorite sauce had to be the chipotle-looking one! I didn't care too much for the nori; it felt like it was there for decoration to begin with. This location is a little far from my office, so I'll need to make my way to a truck soon!
Not going to lie...I've been a fan of The Chairman since their very first truck and has been a follower of their delicious baos since. Baked or steamed, it doesn't matter since they are all so delicious.I am so happy that they are finally opening their brick and mortar location! Sad that I no longer work in the area but I can totally see this location be a hit with the lunch crowd.As a loyal fan, I've been invited to their private soft opening this weekend. :). I am excitedly waiting in line as I write this review. Spacious storefront with everything on the menu readily available. I'm already a fan on this spot!Time to get my bao on, will post pictures soon!
FOOD: Really like the tiny sandwiches or bun with the meat. I don't know what they're actually called since I got a to go order but the bread is good! I got he tofu bun and the chicken one. I like both and both have different sauces on it so that the choice of meat isn't dry. I personally liked the tofu one better since the tofu was so soft and the dressing or sauce on top matched it well. Highly recommend trying the tofu and the chicken! Can't say for beef or pork since I didn't try those. WOULD I RECOMMEND IT? Yes! Get the tofu bun!
I had no idea they had a physical restaurant. I absolutely love the chairman food trucks and their brick and mortar restaurant will not disappoint. They have the whole menu. Which includes rice bowls which you can add sides to. And their delicious ginger lemonade. Service is fast and you get what you pay for. While not in the best part of town, if you come around noon there will always be a line. So I'd recommend coming around 2 when the lines are died down.
Friends from Sacramento are willing to make a special trip to experience their truck's famed pork belly buns. Others will bear long lines in anticipation of trying these morsels, chasing their trucks throughout Northern California; fortunately for customers, they have more than one truck.Well, my chase, not really too avidly, is now over. Reading Cherylynn's (yelp.com/user_details?us) early review of this restaurant, I made a mental note to, one day, forgo my Saigon sandwich when in this neighborhood to try this. Parking illegally at the corner, I hopped in to place my order and hopped out to watch my car.Faced with the dilemma of wanting to try everything on the menu but not stuffing myself, I decided to try a rice bowl and their signature bun.The beef short rib rice bowl (yelp.com/user_local_phot), which I supplemented with the Chairman rice (add $1.00) and an organic egg (add $2.00) was very filling; the Chairman rice is basically multi-grained rice which made the dish heavy and a bit overwhelming flavor wise. The beef's marinade was a mix of five space and satay like flavors which contrasted with the pickles and mushrooms that came with the rice. The rice flavor made everything a bit all-over-the-place though I enjoyed the neutrality of the fried egg. The highlight was definitely their signature steamed pork belly bao (yelp.com/user_local_phot), which lives up to the hype. The pork was deliciously tender with a nice not-to-sweet sauce while the pickles offered a tart contrast in flavors. To avoid a food coma in the office, I finished the bun and ate about half of the rice bowl, saving the rest for dinner. The order process is pretty simple and, if you dine in, they will call you when your order is ready. There are just a few tables and mostly window counter seating which would be normally great for people watching; I'm just not sure whether you'd like to watch many people in this neighborhood right now. A few policemen stopped in front, pondering on whether to dine here, but they ended up at a pho place across the street, I believe. Will definitely come back for their bao when in the area and perhaps try their noodle bowl or a different protein with the bowls. Nice not having to chase a truck.... let's leave that to our furry babies!
The Best bao and the best pork belly / beef brisket / crispy kale salad I've had. I want one in my hometown!!
This is what SF is all about, fusion foods. Chairman Bao is definitely one of the leaders in such food type.Yes, their "baos" are yummy, however, for the price, I have to give this place a 4 stars.For 3.25, you get a steamed bun, a thick slice of pork(or other meat), some carrot/daikon and that's about it. Or.... you could go to In-N-Out and get a double double for 50 cents more.I'm not saying the food here is bad, only that the food to price ratio is bad.Good place to take a date, not a good place to get full
I came here awhile back when they first opened. I have always been a fan of The Chairman. It was one of the first food trucks that I have ever had the pleasure of eating. It is interesting that they decided to open up a permanent location. The establishment is rather small. It can seat about ten people, with little room to stand or mingle. We decided on ordering a rice bowl, a bao, and the wonton chips. The process of constructing your own customized rice bowl is quite intense and hurts your brain more than it should. There are just simply too many options. People are naturally picky, and will ask too many questions about the ingredients. It is better to slim down the options, which will allow faster transactions. In turn, faster transactions will happier customers. Happier customers lead to repeat customers and referrals. We ordered the spicy chicken bowl with shallots and mushrooms. For the bao, we got the miso tofu with baby bok choy. I really loved the rice bowl. The flavor was spot on and all the ingredients mixed together harmoniously. The bao was a complete let down. It was a mistake to order the baked bun. Normally, I order the steamed one because it is light and fluffy. This time, I do not know what I was thinking. The bun was overly dry, and no amount of sauce could save it. The wonton chips were really good. They were so crispy, fresh, and seasoned perfectly. I will definitely be back.
This is by far my favorite food spot in the city. And that's saying something.Whenever I have good friends in town, I make it a point to take them here. The steam buns are to die for. The service is fast, and it's cheap. This isn't a place to go for a full sit-down meal. but they do their specialty damn well.
finally. some food in the hood that is creative and different for lunch. while there are lots of spots for lunch in this area, most are dull and a step above or below fast food.
I love the Chairman Bao truck and am happy they opened up their own brick and mortar restaurant. I cannot resist the steamed pork belly bao. I keep meaning to try other things like the tofu bao, but I just don't get around to it. I believe the menu here is the same as on the truck - I'm not entirely sure because I got my usual. I also got a ginger lemonade, and it is my new favorite as it has lychee jelly. It was so tasty and nicely complimented the bao. Love it! But do watch your step when you first enter the restaurant - maybe they could fix that? My friend and I both lightly tripped over it. Thank you.
Stopped by in the afternoon for a little snack. You can choose either a steamed or a baked bun. The steamed buns are the white gua bao sandwich-like pockets and the baked buns are like the golden yeast buns from Chinese bakeries. The baked bun is significantly larger but steamed buns always win in my book.We had the pork belly which was very flavorful and the pickled daikon added a nice crunch and flavor. The other combinations sounded delicious too and I will definitely return to try the rest. My only complaint was that I felt like the bao was a bit soggy--like there were too many excess juices which made it a little difficult to eat.
Easily my favorite food truck in SF.The baked pork belly bao with a side of bao chips is the way to go.If it's your first time, I'd say go with the steamed baos so you can try up more of the different baos - pork belly (must!), miso tofu (yum!) and .. third one you chose. :)Can't go wrong, love love love.
Worth the hype! Really really yummy food for great value. All the ingredients taste fresh and the flavors are out of this world. Can't wait to go back and try everything else!
Get: spicy chicken bao It was Memorial Day, I think? It was my day off and I got a text from Michael W. that he and his girlfriend, Jennifer A. can meet me that afternoon. I have not seen him in ages so making the trek into the city wasn't an issue at all. I love the city anyhow. They're vegan. I'm a carnivore. This place satisfied us all. I'd say that I earned it after running from the Castro District to this place. I am never late to anything so when I figured that I would be late if I walked, I locked Gavin's stroller's front wheel, and sprinted. I stopped occasionally (damn street lights) but I am quite certain my HR increased like hell therefore burning calories insanely. Super friendly service. The nice girl noticed I was sweating and offered me water and food, even before my friends arrived. I felt welcomed right off the bat and can say that I heart their food truck and heart them the same, if not more after leaving this place happy. The yesses:- bao was fluffy - spicy chicken had a slight kick - pickled vegetables were delicious Hope to see them both next time I am in NYC.
I really, really [REALLY] wanted to like this place. Baos of all sorts are my favorite, and pork belly available in any form will one day stop my heart. But when you've been to Brooklyn's Asian fusion Talde and experienced maybe a few too many Kogi Truck tacos (such amazing flavor pairings), The Chairman just doesn't quite cut it.I ordered the pork belly, short rib, and Coca-Cola braised pork.The bao? Above average. No sogginess detected whatsoever even with the insides slathered in sauce, but short on chewy dough-ey-ness.The pork belly: on the salter side and the diakon was surprisingly a terrible pairing partially because it was pickled differently than most places that serve it as a side.The short rib: my favorite; not dry and the celery gave the combo a really strong crunch.The braised pork: forgettable. Because I actually did forget what it tasted like.Overall, a commendable effort. Would consider taking visiting friends here if they wish to try something fairly original but unlikely to return on my own.
Very good and unique menu! The cashier was very helpful and the prices are very reasonable!
Had a lot of expectations coming into this place. I've had baos before and was looking forward to them. Yelp says this place is 1 dollar sign, but upon looking at the menu, there's no way it's a 1 dollar sign place. I think it's kind of pricey - definitely $$. For appetizer we had the 2x fried chicken wings (4 pc... for $8...) The flavor was OK, typical sweet savory sauce. There was some crunch to it which was good. My gf had the rice bowl - chairman style (multi-grain rice combination with beans). It was OK, rice was bland despite everything in it. The flavor mainly came from the pickled vegetables. Everything did look fresh which was a plus. I had the noodle salad which was better than the rice bowl, but I didn't really care for it. The flavor did not make me want to eat more of it. I personally think it's better as an appetizer. The flavor is creamy, hint of citrus, very light - my gf liked it though. The portion is big for these two, but there was no meat. You have to pay more for meat. For the braised beef its about $5.5 additional which is a bit pricey in my opinion.  I also had the coca cola pork bao. This one was pretty good, soft not soggy steam bun. The pork was really meaty rather than fatty. The flavor was really good and the salad on top really complemented the pork well. Overall, the food is just OK, just really shocked by the price.
Stop reading this and go. Wait - order the braised beef shortrib, steamed. Now go.
BF and I looooved The Chairman food truck when we visited SF last year... so we were excited to find a storefront location! We were on our way to Turtle Tower, which unbeknownst to us was closed at the time - luckily stumbling along The Chairman right across the street.LOCATIONBusy Larkin Street, but we were able to circle a few times to find a parking. The decor is like the food truck, clean, chic and cute with the panda bear :)FOODMy bf and I agreed that The Chairman was our favorite meal on our most recent trip... two years in a row, The Chairman has been our top fave! Whoa! We will definitely be back for more. -Pork belly rice bowl: My bf enjoyed the pork belly rice bowl. Not sure what they layer on top of the rice but it was absolutely deeelicious! -Steamed Coca-cola braised pork belly bao: I was wondering why such a huge price difference between the steamed and baked, and its because the steamed baos are regular sized (like how peking duck is served), whereas the baked are larger burger sized buns.-Baked miso cured tofu bao: I have to admit that I thought my meal was better than the rice bowl. I had the tofu baked bao, which to my surprise came as a large burger! Holy crap was it delicious. I love baked baos in general a lot more over steamed. The tofu was perfectly crisp on the outer edges, with a soft and delicious center. I never ate a "burger" so fast before! Happy tummies :)-Fries: I probably could have done without the fries (didn't know the baked bao would be so big) but it was ok.
Love their truck and wanted to give this brick and mortar location a try for a while now. They have noodle bowls and Rice bowls. they were both amazing but i am inclined to chose the noodles as they edged out the rice. braised coco cola Pork is cooked perfect, definitely recommend. The chicken was good as well. As always the Baos are amazing, got the tofu and the pork belly, which is one of the best items on the menu in the truck and this location. Not that much place to sit, they have bar seating for like 12-16 ppl i think, but its more of a come and take out place. We sat in a enjoyed our meal there and rather enjoyed it.
Stopped in here for a quick late dinner before catching a show. I didn't know what to expect, not having had Bao before. I had two Baos - the beef short rib and the coca-cola pulled pork. Both were very tasty. As in, "Wow - that's good". I had the Ginger Lemonade as well, which was also good, but not incredibly memorable.Just know going in that each Bao is pretty small, so if you see the menu and think "Wow - I can get a meal in San Francisco for less than $10?!!", you're gonna want 2-4 of the Bao's to fill you up. If I hadn't eaten a light dinner in late afternoon, I would've been left hungry with just two.Also, know that seating is super limited - and mostly taken up by people waiting for their orders. This is more of a take-out place.Bottom line: Baos taste would be five stars. I'm only giving four because the portion sizes are pretty small for the price, and the seating/interior is basically non-existent.
I've been wanting to come here ever since I found out they opened!I love their pork belly bao - it tasted just as good as I rememberGinger Lemonade - was too tart for my taste- wish there was a bit more sugar or simple syrup in there.
UGH SO FREAKING ORGASMIC. The harmony of their amazing collective savory, sweet and sour flavors that burst through with each bite of their gua baos are enough to make a pretty boy like me absolutely weak in the knees! I've been a fan of Chairman's since their early food truck days, so when I've been patiently waiting for their storefront to open up for sometime now. It's just oh so unfortunate that they decided to finally open up when my time working in the tenderloin is close to an end. That just means I'll have to take advantage of the little time I have left! Once you try a sandwich, whether steamed or baked, there is no going back. For hearty eaters, grab a baked sandwich, which is akin to a burger of sorts. But we know those who are truly epicurious at heart, you know that the steamed buns are the way to go. That way, you can sample and taste more than one choice of protein. And let's be honest here. The eclectic combinations of meat and condiments they have prepared perfectly compliment the subtle sweetness of the bao! My go-to favorites are the spicy chicken and pork belly options. The spicy chicken is just PERFECT with the pickled veggies and traces of cilantro! These almost Vietnamese-esque flavors almost make it seem like I'm eating a leveled up banh mi. The salty pork belly with turmeric daikon is also a match made in heaven. #yumgasm Their menu is also pretty extensive here. From chicken wings to rosemary nori fries, I'm having so much trouble wanting to explore the rest when I can't betray my beloved buns.CAUSE MY ANACONDA DON'T WANT NONE UNLESS YOU GOT BUNS HUN. I'm so sorry for that Nicki Minaj reference, but even just thinking me about the food here makes me delirious.
Overpriced but the food was ok. I got the beef braised short rib bun, beef was flavorful and I loved the fennel salad.
I have tried all of their steamed buns and by far my favorite is the tender pork belly. Tender Pork Belly ($3.75) - My favorite. First time I tried it was during the San Francisco Street Food Festival. The pork belly is super tender and the bun is just so soft. The pork has been seasoned really good and the veggies on top just add more flavor.Braised Pork ($5.75) - Too much flavor going. Texture is just not my taste. This is my least favorite. Maybe it was overcooked that day, the first time I had it.Tofu ( $3.75) - My second favorite. Tofu fried perfectly and the tofu is just super soft and crunchy at the exterior part.Coca Cola pork ($3.75) - This one is just alright. I'm not too crazy about this item. I'll still order it if they ran out of pork belly. Spicy chicken ($3.75) Too spicy for me. I will skip this item but my friend liked it. I just can't handle spice. Overall, I will come to this place. It is located in a very shitty location with homeless, druggies, and stinky people, but the tender pork belly is well worth it. I mean, I came here twice already! I'm addicted to their pork belly! Nomm!
The Chairman delivered. Not literally though, but that would be awesome.I tried the pork belly and short rib on a baked bun. Both were great but the short rib was epic. My wife had the miso cured tofu and it was quite delish. Their fries were slightly off the hizzy too. Now, please move your fine brick and mortar establishment to the Mission!
The steamed baos () at this place are very good. I tried the pork belly version, the braised beef short rib version with Japanese curry, and the Coca Cola braised pork version of the steamed baos. All of them were very good. I liked the pork belly steamed baos the most. This is the most traditional version. Customer service was friendly, fast, and efficient. The place was clean. The baos tasted fresh and well made. The topping were neatly arranged and fresh. The meats they used were tender and moist. This place does get packed during the weekday lunch rush.
This is turning out to be a rather sad pattern . Went to this place largely because of the 4.5 star reviews ( only one in the downtown SF area which had this high a rating) . I ordered the spicy chicken bowl with chairman rice. It was not very palatable . This joint is in a seedy part of town with plenty of unfortunate souls walking the street. One homeless guy suddenly appeared in the window while my sister in law was eating causing her to jump . Also didnt know they didnt have chairs just a bunch of bar stools . Not worth risking it IMHO
Completely obsessed with Chairman. Go for the short rib and chicken steamed buns. Trust
The Chairman has decided to settle down in one spot so it's fans can literally find them . (this spot also doubles as their commercial kitchen). not a lot of seating. short menu. kitchen, everything looks immaculate.menu: (at a glance) baos (steamed, baked) bowls (6ish), and ? -didn't glance much, only 7 minutes on the meter.eats: spicy chicken (baked, 6.5)-twice the price as steamed, told it had twice the food.-about the size of a burger.-bun is baked but not together with the spicy chicken.very tasting, fresh ingredients, slighty spicy, not hella hot.maybe chicken baked also, assembled together when ordered.take outs:-bowls priced right (may try sometime, 6ish)not a rice eater so the ingredients must be innovative, tasty.....-quick, helpful service, advicegot out of here without getting a ticket.-would choose the chairmain if no other viable eats available. (fallback).4ish stars for quality, value not sure.
And when The Chairman opened its brick & mortar, all the angels sang down from heaven :) Never mind that the location is in a bit of a tenderloin rough patch - it's well worth a visit. Still working my way through the menu...but if you asked me to pick a favorite bao, I wouldn't have an easy answer. All equally delicious. The baos are bigger than you'd think IMO, making the $3 and change price point an even sweeter deal. Be sure to snag a bag of the wonton chips - they're the perfect crunchy snack to pair with. Hope this spot thrives in its new space!
Yay! This place finally opened! Now I don't have to hunt down a truck when I'm craving for these perfectly steamed buns stuffed with yummy fillings. The pork belly steamed bun is my favorite. It's not super fatty like all the other pork belly I've had at other places and it literally melts in my mouth, bursting with flavor. And the pickled daikon on top complements it perfectly! That's saying a lot as I normally HATE pickled anything. I love the homemade sodas. I tried the black currant with charred cinnamon and shiso. It was interesting and I couldn't decide if I liked it at first, but I ended up craving it when I was done with my drink...that must mean it was good! I want to try the ginger lemonade next! They serve items here that aren't served on the trucks. Wish I got to try the other things on the menu, but I guess that just means I have to make another trip back!
Such good food!!! I love their tofu and tempeh. It's rich with flavors. Yum. Good customer service too. Really enjoy the art interior as well.
The Chairman is epic, and everything I've ever wanted in this world.
Nothing is worth walking through the Tenderloin... nothing except The Chairman's rice bowl, that is!!!!! Dodging the zombie-esque meth heads, high stepping over needles, and squeezing your nostrils to avoid the smell of urine - it's all worth it to enter the modern, clean, friendly and oh-so-tasty Chairman restaurant!!! I highly suggest the rice bowl with short ribs & an added fried egg on top. It's a little piece of heaven. The staff is friendly and can give advice if you haven't eaten there before. It's so goooood!!!
This place was pretty good. I personally am not in love with the food but always a cool place to go if you want a quick bite to eat. I got the bao and the noodles with no protein options. I think the noodles were a little bit on the greasy side so I couldn't even finish it. The boa that was served was pretty standard nothing to special.
Finally the brick and mortar location is open! Still think it's pricey for what it is (a bun stuffed with meat, veggies, and sauce). Still think it's worth it. Everything was darn flavorful. FYI, "baked" means it's served with more of a burger bun rather than the traditional white-colored bun.
There was a small line here and that was expected. Every seat (about 20) was taken by locals and hipsters. I got a couple steamed boa and they were in par with the truck quality which is perfect!I also got a ginger lychee lemonade that was superior to most lemonade fusions.
Great snackable baos on the menu in a chill, hipstery storefront on Larkin in Little Saigon. As Arnold would say, I'll be bacckkk
Wowee. Super tasty and found parking across the street!Only complaint is that we though the baked bun was going to be a larger version of the streamed but it was more like a burger bun. We had the miso tofu, tempeh and spicy chicken and shared the greens salad. All was delish and perfect for sharing minus the messy cutting.
If you want to have your mouth baptized in epic Asian fusion flavors, you must.In the 'loin, stools for seating, so for us, more the typa spot you pick up comestibles from and head home to watch the Espy's (only because I'm pregnant, and stools aren't really comf right now).I ordered the baked miso cured tofu. This greatness is served on a hamburger bun. The tofu is crispy on the outside, melting on the inside. It's slathered with magical mayo, and it's BOMB.My husband and I shared the fries. They're served with 3 delightful (yes, I said delightful) sauces. The sauce gods were clearly involved in creating this trio. Gwow, seriously. I'm in love with this joint, a gem, and can't wait to go back!
Food truck turned brick and mortar, now you don't have to hunt down the truck when you're craving some of The Chairman's baos. The spot is sleek and modern, which totally stands out in the TL. I got the pork belly rice bowl because I already know the baos are delicious! For $6.50 plus meat choice, the size was surprising (this is considering their baos are $4-6 each). I took half of it home to eat later. The pork belly is the same as the meat in their buns. The bowl itself was delicious. The people working the counter were really nice too and checked in on us. Yum!
This food truck sensation finally has a brick-and-mortar establishment! I had the pork belly bao, steamed, and it did not disappoint!!! It was just as delicious as the first time I ate this delectable treat at the The Chairman Truck. The short rib, though, which I've never had until today was a bit dry so IMHO, you should just gorge on the pork belly and miso tofu baos (those are my favorite)!
Chairman bao has a brick and mortar nowhow fast can I get there. For those that have already tried their trucks this spot has the same food as the trucks but more. Steamed and baked pork belly is still my favorite but here at the b&m they have short rib. That's right, some braised short rib. Not as juicy as the pork belly but just tender and even more flavorful. The other cool differ be from the truck is he store has bowls. Just think if it as Asian fusion chipotle. You pick what you want in he bowl, rice or noodles and then add a meat and pick 3 garnishes. We got a rice bowl with pork belly and a yam noodle with short rib. The noodles had a nice sesame flavor and the noodles were very good. Again like I said pork belly is my favorite. You can't go wrong with the chairman pork belly but the short rib is also a good choice since they don't have it on the truck.There really aren't any tables here but they do have bench countertop type seats and there is enough room when it isn't too busy. Probably about 16+ seats total in the place so if you come with a crew grab take out. I highly recommend you try it for yourself and get some pork belly. If you can't make it to the shop find out where the food truck will be and get some there. I give it two really big thumbs up as well as 5 stars.
My girlfriend and I were looking for something eclectic and ended up coming here based on others' reviews. We absolutely loved it! Service is sloppy, but the food is amazing.
Wow I must raise the rating to 5 stars. Even if last time, I thought the Chairman was amazing, trying another dish there made me realize it's REALLY as good as it gets.Saturday around noon, barely anyone in the restaurant, no waiting time whatsoever.Just reading on the menu: purple potato noodles and all the awesome veggies served with it, made this salad sound so dreamy.Well, in the mouth, it was dreamy as well!! I spent a while eating it as it's a pretty big portion (not huge or anything), I added pork belly for 2$ something, there was about 4 pretty big pieces which I was not expecting for the price. All the flavors from the noodles, marinated mushrooms, sauce and other veggies went so well together! An explosion of pure yumminess.Of course the pork was tender and melted in my mouth. The exterior was crispy and the inside so soft, I don't know how the chef does it. If I could, I would have congratulated him.The salad I had could easily be offered in a fancy restaurant, served in a nice plate, as all the ingredients are so fresh and look so fancy put together.My husband had 3 steamed baos again, he loved.This place is the bomb. I'm positive every single thing on the menu will knock everyone off their feet. Love you Chairman.
My husband and I pay a lot for bao buns in miami so we were super excited to find this place while on our honeymoon. We ordered all four buns to try and they really were all delicious. If I had to pic a favorite, it was the Coca Cola braised pork bun, but they were all fantastic. We got them steamed so they're small. I also had the ginger mint Lemonade which was very refreshing and good too. Loved this little place!
The food might be delicious but this chick was so fucking slow, seemed stoned out of her mind, not at all concerned about a long line of frustrated customers as she puttered around.
Love their baos! Friendly place, fast service.
Amazing!!! I really liked the flavors. I never eat pork but this tastes amazing and decadent... portions are small ...I am still hungry! I will order again tho...***the first time I had it delivered! I tried again and the hamburger portions are bigger. This place even tho it has crazy location (by that a guy all drunk tried to spit on - during daytime) is very good !!
One baked bun or two steamed buns are enough. If you're really hungry, get the rice bowl with Pork Belly and Egg. Yum!
Fresh fast and delicious! Love that I can come here and get the same great quality consistently. Add protein the you salad for extra texture and heartiness. Pork belly awesome. Fried egg along with that and you've got magic. Try it for yourself. You can taste the love that is the chairman
Best pork belly I've ever had!Lovely little place with very stylish and modern interior. There is little seating, and only at long bar tables along the walls.I had the seasonal greens thinking it was a hot dish served with rice. It is, however, a cold salad so the pork belly I ordered along with it wasn't the best combo. Even so it was a pretty great meal - as I've already mentioned the pork belly was basically the best I've ever tasted - and even though I was initially disappointed with my cold salad (in that it wasn't a hot rice dish) it was actually very good, with a nice variety of vegetables and spices.I think I might return for some more of that pork belly.
Chairman, your buns are out of this world!Fluffy steamed buns, perfectly pickled vegetables, and tender well-seasoned meat are waiting to tickle your taste buds. You have a choice of pork belly, chicken, braised short ribs, tofu, and tempeh, all of which are amazing. Everything is so tasty and fresh! They even have new items not found on their food trucks, such as their bowls and appetizers.Have always been a fan of their food trucks and am so happy that this place is opening up. It's a perfect place for lunch and a casual dinner. Bring your hun and have some fun. This place has well done buns!
Great service and even better food from some guy named Don. He looks like a mad scientist and from the food I'm pretty sure he has the science of perfect buns and chicken wings figured out back there
I don't think the steamed pork belly buns tasted as great as the ones from the food truck because it was a lot dryer (less bun bounce and less sauce). The rice bowl I ordered (pork belly + chairman rice) was so oily and gross that I couldn't even finish it.
Delicious and freshy :) yet fat.. really worth the price
Oh god this was soooo good. Came in on a hot afternoon, restaurant was boiling but that didn't stop those guys from concocting the most delicious bowl... I got the miso tofu and mate got braised short ribs. He said it was delicious. The miso tofu was scrumptious. I have to say however, I think the bowl needs more savory to go with the sweet. That's just me. I still finished my bowl without a problem. Plus some Sriracha did the trick ;)
I love the Chairman truck but am even more pleasantly surprised that they have an official store front now in San Francisco.We immediately were drawn to this location because of its recent opening (albeit being situated in Little Saigon where the neighbors will be sketchy homeless folks at times!) and loved it. There aren't many seats inside (two small bars, one that fits 3 people and another that fits roughly 6), but it makes for a perfect to-go lunch/snack/meal for sure.Had to try their 2x wings... MM SO DELICIOUS. Really really delicious. Obviously had to try their baked buns too - and they did not disappoint. Am still more into the Classic Baked ($6.75) or Steam ($3.75) Buns though. Although they did not skimp on pork belly portions, the Coca Cola glazed pork bun was slathered in Savoy Cabbage (in preserved Mustard sauce) - it was a little overwhelming for my liking. I much prefer the simplicity of the normal flavored Pork Belly buns better with the Pickled Daikon - yum! Overall - still the top notch Chairman menu you'll find..with several extras! Will have to try the rice bowls next time.
ABSOLUTELY THE BEST!!!!The Chairman has, far and away, the best food for the price in San Francisco.If you're a meat-eater, the pork belly and the spicy chicken are OUTSTANDING. Baked or steamed - both are fantastic.If you're not a meat-eater (heck, even if you are!), the tofu and tempeh are both fantastic.I live a block away and eat here 3-4 evenings per week.
The food here is pretty great, and I can't recommend the food truck enough. That said, every time I've gone to the TL shop, it's taken at least 20 minutes to get my food (whether they're busy or not). From waiting in line to actually getting my food just now, it was 35 minutes. Ouch...Plus, let's all be honest: it's a little overpriced for the neighborhood.
I was so excited when I found out the Chairman was going to have a permanent spot in SF. This place is really that delicious! I have tried all of their buns and have yet to be disappointed. They were not very busy when I came by, so the wait wasn't at all bad. Service was good. Seriously, one of the best buns I've ever had. Try the pork belly bun- to die for!
We had all 4 of the meat buns (steamed) as well as the double fried chicken wings.The wings were crisp and had an awesome glaze on top. I'm a big fan of glazed wings, and the sweet and tangy flavor was really on point.The pork belly was a nice, flavorful take on the classic pork belly bun we're used to having. The pickled daikon on top was a nice touch as well. The beef with japanese curry was pretty interesting, and actually reminded me of eating a japanese beef curry. The spicy chicken was well flavored, and had a nice kick to it. My girlfriend especially enjoyed the vietnamese pickled veggies on top. Finally, the coke pork was pretty good, but nothing really stood out to us on that one.
This place is so good! If you're super hungry or just want something small, this place will not disappoint. I went with a group of friends and some of us got just a couple of buns and some of us got whole meals! The buns are always cooked so perfectly and I didn't have to wait that long when it was pretty busy. I do wish the place was a little bigger though.
The one liner: this restaurant should be experienced by die hard fans of the food truck for different takes on the staples, and by those who haven't yet had the privilege of enjoying the chairman.The restaurant offers everything the food truck does: pork belly, braised pork, spicy chicken and tofu in steamed or baked baos, but also adds braised short rib (was delicious!) and another vegetarian option (carrot puree, I think). Additionally, any of these meats can be put into a rice bowl, a noodle bowl or a vegetable bowl instead of a bao.I had the short rib in a veggy bowl. It was a very generous portion of greens, pickled vegetables, meat and various other unidentifiable (but delicious) components. You can opt to add an egg, which I did not, however I did spring for extra pickled vegetables. A light but flavorful dressing was served on the side and was a welcome addition.I also tried their fries (not served in the food truck). They seemed to be tossed with the same spices and seaweed that the bao chips are. They're flavorful alone, however they're also served with three sauces: a plum sauce (a definite miss for me...had a burnt after taste), a tangy aioli (decent) and a honey mustard (home run...better than most honey mustards I've ever had).The staff was friendly, helpful and welcoming. There was a short queue at the "trash station" due to SF's craze over making sure every waste item is partitioned into the appropriate receptacle, however a staff member offered to do it for us if we left our trays. We appreciated the offer, but didn't want to inconvenience her.Only negative is that there isn't too much seating, however this is more of quick dining experience than a sit down one, so I'd imagine turn around is fast.Must come back...
This is a small place - mostly take out - but the food is incredible! We shared two baked bun sandwiches (pork belly and short rib) and a salad bowl. Everything was fresh and flavorful, with tons of unique ingredients.
I love the Chairman, so it's a bit weird that after a solid half-dozen truck visits, I'd never been to their brick-and-mortar. Walked into a typically small but well-planned space, ordered two each of the pork belly and short rib steamed buns, and waited. A short bit of time later I got the buns, and they were every bit as respectable as their truck-oriented brethren. The pork belly didn't miss a note, with a slice that works great with the ratio of bun, the slivers of neon yellow daikon, and the (optional) drizzling of sriracha. I found the short rib to be similar to the cola-braised pork; substantial and attractive, but ultimately nothing to write home about. Tasty buns at a consistent location are always fine with me -- like their mobile progenitor, they fall short of my standard of five-star bao excellence in the U.S. (Baohaus in Manhattan), but they're a more than welcome addition to the "Where should I eat?" game. Worth noting that they're right across the street from Turtle Tower -- maybe pho for dinner and bao to go are in my near future?
So good. Reasonably quick delivery.
The pork belly bun here was THE best pork belly I've ever had. I've tasted pork belly in different countries (Singapore, Korea - Asian countries since pork's more common in those places) prepared for different cuisines. But man, this one really surprised me. Crisp on the outside, tender and juicy on the inside. I literally gobbled my burger down in less than 5minutes. I'm not a big fan of the yellow pickles, or whatever it is, in the middle. But even those went well. Definitely recommend this as a must try. I'll be back for the steamed version and other styles as well. Note: Baked buns are larger, prepared like a burger. While steam buns are smaller in size, more Asian.
Loved the decor, clean, fresh and tasty....coming from Shanghai I was a bit disappointed in the prices...but that's to be expected. I'll definitely go again.
Looks great, tastes great (rice bowl, chicken wings). The chicken wing sauce is haunting. This is what Asian fusion food should be. Take note, all you mediocre restaurants.Pleasant service.
Pros- Food,Service, Quality, Quantity Price........Tips highly recommend the Noodle Salad, if you arnt in the mood for Bao Buns, also if you a chicken wing lover thiers are to die for. Prices arnt too bad i will come here again many times. Shoutout to the cashier for the great customer service :)
Crispy tofu was on point in their rice bowl. Wish the rice was more moist but i really enjoyed the veges and different flavors in it. Buns look amazing
Permanent residence.Mobile start: yelp.com/biz/the-chairmaMasterful seconds: Salad with purple noodles, seaweed, sprouts and strips of spicy chicken. It was a brilliantly bold and flavorful combination. Adding sesame puree made things magical.With more discipline this generously portioned $11 bowl could have been two meals. But it's so good you'll likely share my trouble holding back. Each bite called for another.Space is small but there are stools for lingering and overt pops of red for branding. Friendly staff was able to answer all my questions (fried, dressing, etc) and created a welcoming vibe. Moving up to five stars.
Perfect and incredible but be careful eating the over stuffed bao rolls. Half of my spicy chicken ended up in my lap. Favor combinations were aggressive, complimentary and down right awesome. Be great with a cold beer but that's not an option here. Seating is limited.
I'll be honest, we ended up here after reading up on the Eddie Huang beef with this place. Close to our hotel, we just had to try it. It's such a beautiful location, thrown into the dirtiest part of the city - the smell of pee and bums shouting at you almost makes you not want to endure the trek. However when you step into the shop it is clean, beautifully decorated and pretty spacious for what it is. The menu has a lot of choose from. The baos are perfect, the meat tender and flavorful, but the best part are the toppings - pickled daikon, yellow mustard seeds, etc. - really put the finishing touches on the already delicious bao. Their drink selection is pretty fun too & refreshing.
Explored SF and found this place on yelp, heard good things about this place from the food truck side. Had a bit of a walk to get there from where we started off, but it was worth it. Food was excellent, Had the Baked braise pork and it worth off the hook. We ordered the chicken wings, and they were full size wings, Yum!I want to try more, next time I go to off the grid, I will seek them out for other items off the menu.
Delicious little steamed bun sandwichs. They also have a larger baked bun but I wanted to try more flavors, so i opted for the smaller steamed bun. I ordered the spicy chicken, the coca-cola braised pork, and the pork belly. The chicken sandwich was good but the other two were really awesome. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a delicious asian fusion sandwich. The restaurants appearance gives me the impression that the kitchen is clean and all the chefs were wearing gloves. This is very important since the place is located in the Tenderloin. So the neighborhood is not the most desirable. Since the neighborhood doesn't mean that much to me I will definitely come back again and will recommend it to friends.
I'm so excited The Chairman has a storefront location, though the location is in the Tenderloin. I have been enjoying the baos from their food trucks for years, and grabbed take out from their restaurant last week. My favorite are the chicken baos. The restaurant is clean, by I recommend takeout due to the atmosphere of the location (neighborhood).
This is currently my number one spot in sf to go to whenever I don't bring lunch from home. Normally if you go to a food spot regularly, you start noticing some inconsistencies in taste, portions or service; so every time I would go to this place, I had a thought in my mind that I will experience this inconsistency, however now that I've visited this place so much that I've tried everything on the menu multiple times, I can safely say that everything will look and taste the same every time you stop by. And the food is delicious!!!!!! Thank you!!!
The best! Veggies balance out the savory meat perfectly on a steamed bun or a baked bun!too good, need to come to san jose more.
After trying the Chairman truck at OTG, I was excited to finally be able to visit the storefront this past Saturday. My boyfriend and I both got the bowls with pork belly and split the short rib boa. The bowls were absolutely huge and we both wished we had decided to share one. The bowls have a ton of rice and the pork belly is super fatty so you're pretty stuffed about half way through. I thought the bowls could have used more sauce, but other than that they were really good. If I was basing this review on the food alone I would have given 4, maybe 5, stars.The 3 stars is attributed to the poor service we received. The cashier was incredibly short and rude with us from beginning to the end of our experience. There were 3 bottles of sauce on the counter with plastic cups and utensils next to them, so naturally I grabbed some sauce before our food arrived. Apparently the sauce is extra, but any normal, restaurant-going person would help their self to sauce on the counter. My mistake. But what was really NOT cool was the cashier scolding me for it, then rolling her eyes at me when I walked away (as seen by my boyfriend who watched the whole thing happen). Since we got our food "for here" we were forced to eat as I could feel her eyes glaring at the back of my head. Even though I was wrong, there's an old saying that the "customer is always right," which I think holds a lot of value. Don't put yo tasty ass looking sauces on the counter if you don't want people to use them. And don't roll your eyes at paying customers, it's not nice!
Steamed pork belly bun is all you need here. The flavors are perfect and the pork belly is juicy and tender and delicious. Comes out to $4.08 after tax apiece.
Behold! The Coca-Cola braised pork belly plus the potato salad is simply a gastronomic heaven, a divine party in your mouth. I got emotional when my last bite ended. The wings are whole chicken wings so they are pretty large, I was hoping for more yuzu flavour but the sauce tastes more vinegary than like yuzu. They were ok comparing to the potato salad. VERY limited seating space so consider taking it to-go.
Just had lunch here, the Chairman rice bowl with the Coca-Cola brisket and am very happy with the quality and quantity of food. Delicious!
I order food from here and when it arrived to my hotel, 90 minutes later, it was cold. Nothing like I expected.
Had the coca cola pork baked and the pork belly steamed and both were great. Great flavors and good portions. The place is a bit small and only have seating for about 10 people.
One of my go to's in my hood. My favorite dish is the coke braised pork baked bun with fried egg. -1 star for the beef short rib, most disappointing item on the menu. Everything else is solid.
Awesome menu. Creative sodas. This Asian mashup fast casual restaurant represents a creative new generation of restaurantuers. Inexpensive and non-fancy-pancy. 5 star for what it's worth.
Only had a half hour to eat before a comedy show in the tenderloin so I stopped into this place after a quick yelp search. I was pretty hungry but I'm also a vegetarian so I ordered the rice bowl and added fried tofu. I was also given the option to add a fried egg but I thought the tofu would be sufficient. With the addition my total was about $10. I got it to go and thank goodness I did. The portion size is huge. I managed to get through about half. The meal was prepared really quickly... Probably because when I got there the line was nonexistent but when I was leaving there were 8 ppl in line so def seems like a popular place. The food was really good. The combination of different flavors really complimented each other. It's quick and pretty cheap and def a good go to for fast but still substantive food in the tenderloin.
Time: 3:43pm/62F intermittent cloudPurpose: Soft opening for friends and families day. Came by for press coverage and left before event begins.Ambiance: TC is a 15 person seater with seating mostly against wall or windows. One unique feature on some of the low bucket type seats are cushion lid tops. It opens up to reveal a secret compartment. Perfect to hide your belongings while you enjoy your meal without any worries. In that area, I don't blame the ladies stashing it may be ideal. Just don't forget to leave without them. Rest of the place pretty much painted same color and design as their truck. Restroom door blended in the above TC logo. Curvy counter with a basket of printed menus, register, tip jar, laminated in shop menus. Small cut out window with walk in entrance inside kitchen area. Calm vibe, but noise can get loud depending on how well patrons behave. Water is by request only, we're in drought mode. Not Curtis fault here! Staff: I dealt with Curtis himself and a girl (relative). Told me what's the latest on project and expected soft opening. I ask if there are any difference between truck and shop? They said just minor changes nothing spectacular, but not a whole lot of difference. Less than 10 mins of brief interview, I was on my way, but not without my food. Thank them in advance, send in report and waited for my food.Cleanliness: Grade A, immaculate no complaints. No piling trash. Each trash bin has the same color liner of green/black/blue to match signs. No visible filth of any kind. Place is on the cleanest on the block. Compare for yourself if any doubts.Eats/Drinks: Pork belly bowl w/fried egg, pork belly bun both version (steamed/baked) and a bag of wonton chips. I ate the bowl on the spot trying to savor in the fattiness of pork before it gets cold. Rice on bottom was abundance along with four pieces of pork belly. It was infused with flavors like always. Tender to the feel, yet so dam good for the stomach. Next, I went ahead using fork to punction runny egg yolk, making it seep into rice. Enjoy every bit of it, especially the tempura flakes, adds a nice delectable crunch. The pork belly buns are the same as when they first started. Both version comes with red miso glaze, turmeric pickled daikon, green shiso. I prefer the baked version. To me, it tasted better, you get a burger bun look that's worthy to eat. Steam is good too, depending on mood and fund situation. There's a $3 difference between the two, make sure you indicate which one prior to ordering. Lastly, wonton chips, I call them Chinese pita chips at times. Why? Well, its in a strip form with nice touch of togarashi salt and finely cut up shreds nori seaweed. Yep, reminds me of Stacey's in a way. As you may know, I'm a weird eater that likes to experiment with food. So, I took wonton chips and dip them in baba ganoush. Guess what? Splendid a taste of both world in one setting.Main Features: Pork belly of any kind is what they're known for. Let it be buns, bowls, etc don't matter same meat use. Products/Services: Bao, salad, braised beef/ribs, coca cola braised pork, spicy chicken, miso cured tofu, crispy tempeh, rice bowl, seasonal greens, noodle salad, add-ons, fried chicken wings, won ton chips, kennebec potato fries, the chairman rice, white rice, coconut juice, assorted flavor sodas, ginger lemonade, water. Find them on FB/Twitter. Takes plastic.Punch Lines: High energy, better than your average, pleasing flavors, modest cost, drool-worthy, seats are minimal, easy night out, always buzzing, imaginable toppings, laid back, devotees, calm vibe, well-prepared, light bites, zippy service, best cheap eats around, always a home run, truly addictive, casual and delicious, worth the wait, a twist on traditional favorites, well seasoned, crowd pleasing, industrial interior, is the place to be. Tradeoffs: Comparing only the pork belly bowls between TC and HF. For $2.75 less than Hawker Fare, you'll definitely get better presentation and be much more satisfied, IMHO.Final Thoughts: When TC truck first hit the streets, I was wondering how far can they go? Try almost everything on the menu already. Taste and portions has always been there, no matter what. Then my ex-job book them for private event. That's when I find out that their food can take off to new heights. Thinking back its been almost 5 years since I first took notice, still enjoy them over at Fort Mason. TC has never disappointed me at all. Now with brick and mortar location, its gonna be hard for me to say no, in area everyday. Curtis, you sure know how to serve up quick satisfying meals on the go. You always have that winning can do attitude to keep people happy. Keep up the good work and I'll see you soon again. Heart to heart, eye to eye with no regrets!
My favorites in no specific order:Steamed bao with tofu Baked bao with spicy chicken Salad bowl with shallots and pickled veggies Rice bowl with shallots, egg, pickled veggies and tofu- My go to when I want carbs Black currant soda with cinnamon orGuava soda
Some of the most creative food in San Francisco. Couldn't be happier that they've opened up this brick and mortar location, it's definitely a blessing.Every single bao is special. When you look at the menu and pick 1-2 buns, all of the sudden you'll start talking yourself into 3-4 total. The ingredients, the flavors, the presentation, it's just that good.Vary it up steamed or baked depending on your appetite. This food never gets old.
Pork belly and beef short ribs with steamed buns were excellent. Ginger lemonade was super fun. Prompt service, affordable. I'll be coming back for the wings soon!
That pork belly steamed roll is heaven. When I see the truck at the local Off the Grid I know it will be a good night.
The Chairman is one of those restaurants that draws you in from the street. It's the type of place where you want to peek in and see what progress is being made even before the "Opening Soon" sign is up. It's the giddiness you feel when you know you won't have to compete with the food truck crowds, but still get to be punched in the face by the amazing flavors when you bite into any of their delicious baos.Located in the Tenderloin, The Chairman's vibrant storefront stands out in an already colorful and culinary neighborhood. The food truck's signature red and black etched panda rises high above you on the back wall and can't be missed by any bypasser. The floor to ceiling glass windows give it a bright and welcoming feel. The benches lining the entrance are a nice touch. It's also close enough to mid-market to add to the weekly lunch rotation with co-workers (there are seating options available) and it's very walkable to bars and other nightlife spots like the Phoenix Hotel (one block away), Great American Music Hall (one block away), and even Philz Coffee if you're in the mood for a quick bite and then a quick caffeine fix.Although I'd never tire of the The Chairman's pork belly baos, which have a cult-like following in SF, I was very happy to see and taste the new additions and expanded menu offering. I'd love to see them take advantage of the full sized kitchen and bring back some seasonal favorites, like the clam chowder during the cooler months. With respect to the new menu, I'm a fan of the build your own bowl option which allows you to choose your protein with veggies over rice or noodles. They don't skimp on the portions and the different toppings will keep me coming back. When in doubt, just add the fried egg. They've also added chicken wings and house made specialty drinks to complement what they are most well known for, their buns!The buns, the meat, the prep, all are critical in delivering a consistent dining experience and I've yet to be disappointed. Whether it involves standing in their notoriously long food truck line, placing a catering order, or dining at their first brick and mortar, I'm always looking forward to my next visit!
Perfect place for a quick bite or takeaway. Flavors are interesting, ingredients are fresh, service is quick. My favorite items are the baked pork belly bao and the rice bowl with chairman rice (definitely worth it for the upcharge). I would like to be able to call ahead for takeaway orders, but the number listed on Yelp directs to the catering/food truck, not into the restaurant. Are call ahead orders possible?
Great food, great branding and vibe, and friendly service. I ordered the Coca Cola Braised Pork Bao (baked) and my wife ordered the Spicy Chicken Rice Bowl. Flavorful and satisfying. My only suggestion is to serve Leninade soda.
First time here! I got the steamed coca-cola braised pork & the spicy chicken. I really enjoyed the coca-cola braised pork, the pork was really flavorful and juicy. The baked tender pork belly was really good, really flavorful & juicy. I think there was a little too much turmeric pickled daikon to my taste, that sort of took away the flavor of the pork. But overall, I will definitely come back here! I left this place feeling satisfied.
Went to the Chairman for a late lunch on Sunday - was so happy we went and will definitely be back. I am a longtime fan of the Chairman Truck at off the grid, and I'm so happy they have a brick and mortar location.The menu is expanded from what is available on the trucks, but I stuck with my usual Coca-Cola Pork and Chicken steamed bun. They were delicious, as was the black current soda we ordered to go along with our buns. We also ordered a soda, as recommended by the guy taking our order. They make all of their soda syrups in-house, and the end result was a flavorful, refreshing drink with a hint of ginger that gave a nice kick. We went around 1:30 on a Sunday and there was no wait... but I'm sure as word gets out there will be a line out the door!
The tofu bao (steamed) is really good! I don't recommend the tempeh one though, I didn't like the taste of the "meat" in it. I got my meal to-go and ate it a few hours later, and it was still pretty good after reheating. Would love to come back and try the baked version! This is a great option for those who don't want to have to locate the truck!
This place was right around the corner from where I was staying in San Francisco. I got the pork belly baked and steamed version as I visited twice in two days it was that good. Really small portions if you get steamed so u can taste a few. My pal was obsessed with the coca cola pork which was also very tasty and anther of our group got the spicy chicken and then got it again. All round a very happy adventure for the crew.Such good value for such big flavours. If you ever find yourself in San Francisco this is a must.
I love it and im a girl ;)Just kidding im a guy and i think it was alright
The baos were solid, but not life-changing. That's all.
There are some pros and cons below, but you can safely ignore all of them and go order some Chairman pork belly ASAP.Pros:- The bao buns are as good or better than the buns from The O.G. Chairman truck. The Coca-Cola braised pork and tender pork belly buns are joined by a new short rib number that may be my favorite. - The rice bowls are a fantastic addition to the buns, and are a little more filling for your dollar. I got mine with the pork belly and was immensely proud of myself for ordering so well.- The interior is pretty slick; walls are decorated with the same street art style that adorns their truck. The panda logo is as cool as ever.Cons:- The food is pretty expensive, especially relative to other restaurants on the block. Getting full off buns could cost $20+ (but would be a ton of fun). Your wallet will fare better with the rice or potato noodle dishes.- Took like 15 min for the food to come out; surprising since the food truck service is usually pretty zippy.
Awesome! Kind of stumbled across this place on Yelp and walked by so we gave it a shot. We had the steamed rolls of pork belly, beef short rib, and coca cola braised pork. The best, by a long shot, was the pork belly. Everything was so good and fresh though, it's hard to not want it all.I'd recommend getting at least 3 of the steamed buns since we first ordered 2 per person and it wasn't enough. Each of the pork belly steamed buns at the time were $3.75 so three per person would run you around $11 plus tax. Not too bad but absolutely delicious.I'm sure the truck is just as good.
The food is flavorful and beautifully presented. The atmosphere is vibrant. The staff are characteristic. Most importantly the food is affordable! I'll definitely be back soon!
I had the pork belly, coca cola braised pork, and the spicy chicken steamed baos. The pork belly was my favorite! I really like how all of the pickled veggies paired with the meats.
I visited San Francisco back in June and stayed at the Hostel around the corner from The Chairman. I am booked to return in October. There were many restaurants which I still crave months after returning home, and am considering returning to during my upcoming visit, but The Chairman is not one of them. Why? Well, I never even got the chance to try it! As I approached the cute, bright sign, I noticed the menu by the door. I saw a few different entrees I would have liked to try, so I sat down on the bench outside to consult the Yelp community's reviews to aid in my decision. Before I could even open a review, an employee rudely ran me off, stating that the bench was for customers only. I told him that I was consulting their Yelp page and was about to be a customer, then obliged and took my business just north on Larkin to the Korean BBQ joint, which was totally delicious! I recommend you take your business there instead, where you can get a delicious meal for a better price without being treated like a vagrant. I understand that the area is filled with homeless people, but I doubt I looked very homeless sitting there with my iPhone.
Loving this place! I've now eaten here 3 days in a row!!! My favorite so far is the baked Coca-cola braised pork. It seriously melts in your mouth it's so good! Going for the noodle bowl next (probably tomorrow) with chicken. Prices are good too!
Their baked pork bao's are spot on. I prefer the baked ones over the steamed ones. I like the texture of it. The flavors go so well together. The sourness of the marinated daikon really goes well with the fatty pork belly.
I was very surprised by this place. I usually avoid food trucks (so have never tried their's) and have been weary of this restaurant because it just looked like another hipster/tech-hole serving establishment trying it's hardest to destroy my neighborhood (like three other businesses in the immediate vicinity), but the price points were surprisingly tempting and I've been delighted to see that the restaurant not only employs many people of color, but is patronized by many people of color (unlike those other businesses which are not only owned by white people, but seemingly only employ and are patronized by white people even though I live in one of the most diverse neighborhoods in the city).The food is definitly great and the portions are generous. I ordered the steamed pork belly and crispy tempeh buns (each less than $4) and either could have filled me up by themselves (except that they were so delicious I gulped them both down). Not having eaten here or at their truck I had been expecting self enclosed buns similar to the Siu Bao I'm familir with, but these are more in line with a taco except with the Siu Bao bread instead of a tortilla. I almost walked back to get a third bao immediately. I will say that the "crispy" tempeh was in no way crispy, but the flavor was amazing so I'm still rating five stars, but I wish they'd put more pickles/crunchy something on it to add some diversity to its texture (yes I also demand that my food be diverse too).This seems like a great addition to the neighborhood. I'm happy to have them here!
Super tasty. I was was happy to come across the chairman truck, now there is a place, albeit in a slightly creepy location where amazing Bao is eating for me. I got the the two vegetarian Bao, tempeh and tofu plus a ginger lemonade. I'll be back again!
Pretty good buns, great decor, but would I eat here again probably not because I ordered two baos and I was still hungry. My friend got the rice bowl though and that looked large but it would've cost $9-11 for added meat in the rice bowl.
I love this place ever since I moved to the bay.  I usually order the tofu steam bun and pork belly steam bun. Their both delicious :)
Noodle bowl is a great addition to the menu of brick and mortar store. Nice mix of textures and flavors. Steam buns don't disappoint, per usual!
Tried the rice bowl and chicken wings today. The food is simple and unlike a lot of Chinese food that's usually very greasy. Very good food.
Super good I recommend the boas!
One of the best places in the tenderloin area! Highly recommended! Especial on the rice bowl !
Small menu, but they have some items that you can't find at their food trucks. The food is pretty good, but really salty if that's not your thing. My friend had a rice bowl which has a lot of different things in it and was a little spicy in my opinion, and I had a braised pork baked bun. You can get the buns steamed or baked, but the baked is bigger and more filling. It was really good, but a little on the expensive side for essentially a pork sandwich.
Tried all the buns and they were all so delicious. Pork belly buns were my favorite! I can't wait to come back and try the bowls. I wish they would open a location in the sunset :)
Their ginger lemonade is something you must try very flavorful and refreshing! Worth the 5$ ! I've ordered the spicy chicken and beef the tofu and pork belly in steamed buns! It tasted so good and I also ordered their fries! It was so crispy and delicious accompanied by the three types of sauces they give you! The only thing bad to say about this place is that for the price vs location and portion of the food I don't think I'll be coming here regularly !
I looked at the other yelp reviews before ordering what most critics recommended. And believe me, I am always skeptical of yelp reviews. For the first time (in my Jeez, 10 plus years on yelp), I will 100% agree that the "Tender Pork Belly" - steamed (& it's a sandwich), is straight KICK ASS! It was a delightful, yummy surprise in the Tenderloin. AND so frikin' cheap. This place is absolutely worth every penny. Don't expect atmosphere or a "restaurant" experience. Just expect awesome, top-of-the-line take-out, cafeteria - style food.
Ordered delivery from the Chairman for the second time last night, and I ate 5 steamed buns in one sitting. Is that bad to admit? Yes? Well, it was necessary! I had to have the variety! I enjoy the short ribs, spicy chicken, and miso tofu in that order. Really glad that they opened a brick and mortar because I was still daydreaming about them since I first experienced them at Presidio off the grid. When you order delivery, the food is probably not going to be hot, but to me it was still just as delicious. I also enjoy that the price is reasonable for the quality of the ingredients. I really enjoy that different buns have different toppings/sauces. Yay Chairman!
I love the porkbelly pork buns - so fast & yummy. The restaurant interior looks so clean and hip, and there's a bathroom in there.
So delicious and the place is so clean, definitely recommend!
The steamed buns are terrific but the noodle salad was not to my liking it has a creamy thin layer of gravy that didn't taste good. I had thrown most of it away. 3.5 stars.
I'm already a big fan of the Chairman food trucks, so I was eagerly anticipating the opening of their first brick and mortar location. The design is really nice and open, which high ceilings and big windows. It's also great because I can order my usual bun, but also lots of new menu items. My favorites were the chicken wings and noodle bowl. Parking can be a bit challenging, but that won't stop me from coming back soon!
Nice selection of buns. This is Asian fusion at its finest. Try the shortrib bun. Oh, the fries were actually pretty gross, but the rest of the food was spectacular and I highly recommend it
I was able to visit Eat Real Festival this weekend at Jack London Square, and all my friends have hyped up this place which made me really want to try it! For each steamed bao, it was $4 at the event. I got the Pork belly and the coca cola pork, and I can say they were both super delicious! Customer service was great! I asked if I could replace the pickled daikon with cabbage and they happily said yes which was surprising because of their super long lines at the festival. I feel that ratings should be about customer service, cleanliness, and price! Therefor i took off one star because 4 dollars for a small steamed bao, is really pricy!
mmmm best sandwiches I'm drooling just reflecting on it! So excited they have a store front stop now!
Errmahgerd. Yes.
Although it's slightly pricey, the menu is VERY tasty. I really like the Coca Cola pork and pork belly buns.
Delicious buns! I had the pork belly, chicken and tofu. They are all very delicious and served rather quickly.
Very tasty wonton chips. Baked Baos are large and juicy (we tried the spicy chicken, beef short ribs and rhe coca cola braised pork). Favourite has to be the Coca cola braised pork Bao. Would definitely go back and try the other options!
A great clean green food with a reasonable price. The food is amazing and but the restaurant is small so I wish they would expand it more.
My first time in San Francisco and we stayed at the Cova Hotel and passed this shop for the longest time until we wanted to try it. The pork belly bao was really really good! Probably the best I've ever had, without a doubt. And not long after we ordered our bao, the chef asked us how everything tasted, which means he takes pride in what he makes. Great service. Highly recommended.
The cola braised pork (in a baked bun)is AMAZING! Jeeze. I have dreams about this. Seriously.
I love The Chairman. Love the pork belly steamed bun. Love the miso tofu. Love the metal W's they use to lovingly hold your buns upright, with respect. Love the coca-cola braised pork with it's mixed textures--not just a soft mess of pulled pork, but chopped nuggets where the edges are a little dry and crisp and the inside moist porky goodness. Even the noodle-salad, which I thought had too much dressing, I could not stop eating. Ate half (this is not a human-sized portion), went to a show (I'm sure I was not my neighbor's favorite person with my bag of take-out), went home 100% ready for bed...and ate the rest.
Simply amazing! The bread is super soft and good, the pork belly is to die for! A must try if you're in the area! Small size but bety tasty!
Came for my wonton chips that was left out of my order last time. They gave me a free black currant soda for the mistake, and while I waited for two orders of chicken wings, which was the bomb! Must have. Great customer service!
Bao's are great! Go with steamed. Gritty part of town but great for a pop in and quick bite. I wouldn't get Bao's to go, doubt they travel well.
We tried the backed Spicy Chicken & Pork Belly Bao. DELISH! I'm from So Cal. It blew our minds.
Great steamed pork bun - very authentic. Also had noodle salad bowl with tofu. Delicious as well but very large portions.
Would love to give five stars ordered 3 things take out loved them all but I paid 8 bucks for 3 chicken wings (come on guys this is Little Saigon!) when Spinnerie up the street on Polk gives half a chicken for the same price. I digress. Otherwise that pork belly steamed bun is WOW epic damn good! Will be eating that over and over.
Man. That steamed chicken bun is so delicious. If you're hungry, but not starving, 1 bun is the perfect size. Otherwise double up for more than 1 if you're looking for a full meal. I'm excited to see they added a short rib bun to their location on Larkin, a must try for next time I come in.
Great food but that goes without saying. It's the Chairman after all. My review is about their service. I ordered two bowls with seasonal greens to go. A few hours later when the wife got home she informed me I got her the wrong order, it had rice. Annoyed I marched over to chairman and told them they got the order wrong. They asked me if I knew the ticket number which I did remember however, they couldn't find the copy of my receipt. They happily replaced my order anyways no questions asked. I couldn't say enough about the great service they provide. I hope they stay in the Ten for a long time:)
Um, I saw The Chairman truck (and the other one too, can't now remember the name of it but I'm old so my memory chip is kind of full), once, over there near the Muni museum. It was like 10:15 am so they weren't open for business. And this is as close as I've come to eating at this truck, from this truck. In fact, in all the years I've lived in San Francisco, I've only found 2 food trucks previous to this sighting, and I got a bahn mi from one of them. The trucks must hide when they see me a-coming. Hunting down food trucks is on my bucket list.
I tried The Chairman once before but honestly, I was not impressed, so when I came to the brick and mortar location I wasn't expecting too much. Boy was I crazy before!!! I ordered the baked coca-cola braised pork bun. I scarfed down that burger in 5 minutes! Record time! It was that good! I also ordered the fries on the side and it came with 3 different sauces: a honey mustard, bbq(?), and a chipotle (which was the best in my opinion). I do think the prices are a little high but you are paying for the quality of the food right? I don't mind splurging on my tummy once in a while!
great and unique flavor that i never had before. quick services and the meals fill my belly so fast haha i had the rice bowl with pork belly and opted for fried shallots. what a treat! so happy its right in the tl to brighten up the day
Came here for the private opening. I love the decor it a cute spot to grab some amazing food. I ordered the baked pork belly and short rib OMG it was so good ate every bite!!!! I will definitely be back!!!
Like everyone else, I LOVE their steamed buns. My favorite is the Coca-Cola braised pork steamed bun. The short rib is my husband's favorite. The chicken wings are sticky and a little sweet, and they go well with the refreshing ginger lemonade.
Yum pork belly bao. Saw storefront for a while, finally opened and tried it out. It was good.
Got the short rib bowl with egg. Very tasty! love the tempura bits. good sized portion. I ate a little more than half and was satisfied and ate the rest at home. Kind of pricey but it was so good, I can see why
I waited so long for this place to finally open! Food was great. You can never go wrong with the pork belly. Only negative: The girl at the register is super awkward!! She just stares at you after you order your food. You'll see what I mean when you get there.
Yeah! Was def happy they opened a restaurant location. I don't have time to chase the food truck. The buns were delicious as usual. Pork belly is my fav. Note that this is more of a takeout spot with very limited seating.
I still love the baos! The noodle salad was kinda odd to me but my BF loved it. maybe the rice bowl next time.
Stylish little spot. You order at the counter. It's small but can accommodate several parties of one or two at the three bars. The menu online doesn't show the salad greens option ($6.50?), which is amazing. So many incredible flavors all packed into a salad bowl. And you can order the Coca-Cola braised pork as a topping ($2.50). It is so succulent and flavorful, it practically melts in your mouth. Definitely worth a visit!!! (I order without garlic mayo, which they drizzle heavily on the Coca-Cola braised pork.)
I stumbled upon this place back in June. It was around the corner from my hotel. What a DELICIOUS surprise! The Chairman, i fell in love with you at first BITE. I didn't know what to order, but the coca-cola braised pork sounded interesting. The menu listed that i could have it baked or steamed. I asked the friendly guy behind the counter whats the difference. He told me baked was a larger portion, and more like a sandwich...I went with the baked option. When my food arrived, i was in heavan. The pork was delicious and tasty...the bun was mouth-watering. Soft and wholesome. The cabbage slaw that came on top of the pork was tasty as well and seasoned to perfection. I would definitely recommend this place....The counter-staff was friendly. Great customer service. And the food was top-notch. When I come back to San Francisco i must come here again.....
Such a delicious spot. Totally lived up to expectations.
Best cooked tofu in SF! Salad is very tasteful and you get a lot for what you pay for.
Better than I expected for a vegetarian.
This place is amazing. Got a few things and loved them all!! Just go here, you won't regret it!
Still one of the best food-trucks out there. I always get a trio of steamed buns. So tasty!
quick, well priced and delicious food. i get the rice bowls regularly with tempeh or tofu. they are a touch oily but pretty great.
I had a rice bowl with fried tofu that tasted amazing. One of the most satisfying meatless dishes I've had.
I am OBSESSED with the Chairman. I was NOT hugely thrilled with the food truck, probably because i waited in line for an hour for some steamed bao, but there is not ONE DAY I don't have SOMEthing from them in my fridge. The brick and mortar location which was their kitchen before opening a few months ago and I thought "cool, no more lines." The purple potato noodle salad (w spicy chicken, girrrl) sounded good but its one of those things that is SO good my husband will eat it when he's not even hungry (and he's TOTALLY not like that). Also, go for the BAKED bao over the steamed, it LOOKS like a slider but its a lot heartier. There is NOTHING bad on the menu, but the pork belly baked bao (which comes with a pickled daikon) is just PER-FEC-TION. That noodle salad, I buy two each week and just graze on it between meals. I am grateful they are not closed on Sunday. And thank GOD they are practically out my front door. GO, just fucking GO!!
When I noticed that the truck was gone from Civic Center, I panicked. But not to fear! My Pork Belly Steamed Bun was waiting for me right up the street a couple blocks down. I've been a fan since the food truck and am still a fan with this storefront location. These inexpensive, delicious, and filling steamed/baked buns are worth walking through the Tenderloin for. Besides my favorite pork belly bun, I've also had their spicy chicken, chips and fries. All were good. The Pork Belly though is pretty much perfection. In terms of service, the servers are nice and friendly. Somedays they look a little overwhelmed, but they are always generally quick with getting food out. This place is pretty small, so this isn't a great place for groups larger than 3-4. Overall, great food, service and you won't walk out with empty pockets.
SO GOOD! I had the spicy chicken noodle salad with fried egg - big portions and very tasty. Well done!
pork belly and ribs buns really good! a bit pricy.
