Having lived in Italy, I've got to say that these guys have nailed the traditional Italian comfort food dishes (i.e.: the pasta). The sauces are rich but not overpowering, and the various fillings are very tasty. Also, a massive plate costs $10-12, so what's not to love?
Super simple and tasty homemade pasta.The pasta menu is pretty basic, decide on the pasta and choose a sauce. Any combination is most likely a winner. Serving size isn't massive, don't expect to be uncomfortable full after a meal. Price-wise it is on the more expensive side for a casual pasta, but I guess it is the price to pay for the good stuff.Seating is bar seats and a bunch of tables beyond that. It can get busy and a bit tight at peak times but I have been able to get a seat the few times I have visited.Service is casual and laid back, sometimes a bit confusing about whether food/drinks will find the table. Most times I have had to follow up on my ordered drinks. Am I meant to collect them immediately after ordering...? Next time...
Hi-ya!We visited this restaurant and really enjoyed it for the chill atmosphere and fresh, fresh, fresh pasta!The employees/owners must be European as they have a heavy authentic accent that really makes you feel like the food is legit haha. Prices are reasonable, food comes out fairly quickly and was tasty.The seating was bar stool-type (tall) and regular tables/chairs--almost family style seating. When you first enter we saw them making the pasta with some kind of press. A slow, but we'll practiced craft--as the noodle maker kept adding flour and or corn powder? To the pasta he was pressing (making it thinner and thinner).They have wine and cutlery is what you would expect (reasonable silver wear and linen napkins, but they also have plastic cutlery for to-go.Anyway it was pretty windy and cold the day we went and this place hit the spot. We had the fettuccine pasta, and a couple of the red pastas w/ meat sauce.Some of us thought the fettuccine was a little buttery tasting, but to be honest I don't know if that's how it's supposed to taste...compared to fettuccine @ Cheesecake Factory...sorry that's my only other real reference.The bathrooms were clean and the interior of the restaurant felt modern, but with a wooden feel. I dunno if your there you may know what I mean. Anyway, service was prompt, polite and good food. The only reason I can't say 5 stars is because of the buttery fettuccine (may be right/wrong?) and I just wish they had more table style seating vs. bar stools.
I am a sucker with anything "homemade" in their name these days. This restaurant was actually bookmarked on my gf's account, so when we were looking for a quick bite in the area, she immediately recommended this place. The store itself has homemade pasta and sauces readily available, but you can order a plate of pasta and various other italian favorites to eat there. I opted for the tagliatelle with bolognese and meatballs.I was honestly pretty disappointed. Though the pasta was of the highest grade in quality, the sauce and meatballs were both lacking. Will come back if I am ever in the area to buy the frozen pasta to cook at home, and maybe try another sauce if I choose to dine in.
I came to The Italian Homemade Company with three of my friends on a Friday night. We were all excited to try it because we'd never had fresh pasta before!I ended up ordering parpardelle (long, wide, flat noodles) with pasticciata sauce (bolognese + bechamel). Like I said, this was my first time having homemade pasta and I was so impressed! The noodles were chewy and had a texture that is incomparable to boxed pasta or even pasta you get at most restaurants (which is probably boxed pasta, now that I think about it haha). I don't think you can go wrong with any of their pasta choices. The sauce was really good too because the bechamel added a certain creaminess to it. They also have parmesan cheese and pepper flakes in little containers so you can add more to your dish!My friends got their pastas with the meatball sauce and the pesto sauce, and I liked both! The meatball sauce seemed like the most worth it, price wise, because it came with the most meat! Definitely give that one a try if you are hungry. The pesto was also very noteworthy because you could tell how fresh it was. Definitely not from a plastic tub, probably made in a blender in the back or something. Delicious!!!The portions are pretty big. I ended up saving half for another day! Service is also especially friendly. It seemed like the guys working were the ones that owned the place because they cared a lot if we enjoyed our meals! :-)
Woooow... so good... I cry... ;______;Thinking about it now makes me so hungry. I'm off work soon and all I want is pasta from the Italian Homemade Company. Too bad I live/work nowhere near any of their shops!My friend suggested we eat here and we came this past weekend. She's been before but I haven't. I looked at a few pictures and reviews on Yelp and was so ready to try it out. The portions looked fairly generous for the price per plate, ~$10 more or less.I ordered the veggie ravioli with pesto sauce. Friend ordered gnocchi with the butter cream (?) sauce. Both were so. good. I could definitely taste the fresh ingredients and quality in both. The pesto sauce was bomb and I scraped off as much as I could from my plate long after I was done with my ravioli. Maaan, I'm hungryyyy.I do wish the portions were bigger (they look much bigger in the pictures) because I went through my plate like wildfire. They do act well as one person portions if you want a quick meal. So, if you want to share, I think ordering another plate or something would be best. I NEED to be back. So good.Food came out quick too! Perfect for hungry bellies. You also seat yourself in their open dining space. Lots of quirky, mismatched tables and chairs. Ugh. Want pasta now. ;(
Homemade fresh pasta, served to your liking. They have sandwiches too, but I didn't get to try them yet. Seemed pretty authentic, and the guys that run the place shout out in italian, so I can only assume they are legit :) I really like that you can customize the type of pasta you get, with the type of sauce and meat. There was plenty of parking when I came on a weekday night, and that's a bonus too! You walk in and pick out what you want to order at the counter, then you find yourself a seat. Since it's sort of halfway between a sit down and fast casual joint, people tend to move in and out kind of quickly, so you can find a seat fairly easily. I had the gnocci with pesto, and my friends had a pappardelle with bolognese or something like that. We both enjoyed our meals. It comes out on a simple white plate and we thought it was tiny but we quickly realized it's a lot more than it looks.The awning of this place doesn't spell out italian homemade company, so I was confused for a tiny bit - but you'll figure it out!
I admit we geeked out a little hard on the "homemade" part of this eatery's name. And we communicated our excitement to each other using only wide eyes & dancing eyebrows when we heard two separate Mommies ahead of us order frozen pastas & ready-made sauces for dinner tonight. This place had to be good.We each ordered a special: mushroom with a rigatoni-shaped pasta for him, puttanesca for me with a spaghetti-like pasta. (My apologies, I can't recall their carbolicious names.) When the plates were brought to our communal table, we noted the skimpy serving size first & the fishy aroma wafting off of the puttanesca second. I ordered it knowing there were anchovies in the recipe, but wasn't concerned because I'd had this dish (& other dishes containing anchovies) before. Offensive to the point of not being able to take more than two bites; I got a fishy, greasy taste with both forkfuls. I took several bites of his pasta just to get the taste out of my mouth. His dish was simple & good, but the one-note flavor profile was not exciting to him. My order was definitely a mistake; I should've stuck with ingredients like butter, oil, or marinara knowing how picky I am. I'd give them another try because I like the idea of creating my own pasta/sauce combo...pappardelle with butter next time, perhaps.
Another hit from the Italian menu! This place is a MUST for your salad (bufala), fresh lasagna and fresh pasta tortellini with pesto! Fast service and great food! Taste was satisfactory and flavorful, just like the spices in Italy! Grazie and hope to see you again soon San Fran!!!
Without a doubt this is one of the best places in the city you can get authentic, homemade Italian pasta. SO good! The staff here know their pasta. They are all badass Italian guys and gals that have a passion for their food. They don't work just to work, they truly care about making a great quality product- and they deliver! The service is fantastic as well. You walk up to the counter, pick a pasta type, pick a sauce, sit down and they'll have your order done in 5 minutes. Simple and to the point which makes it a perfect spot for a quick lunch.Overall, this spot is a gem. $10-12 for an amazing and filling meal that truly makes you feel like you're in Italy. The staff are all very friendly and the location is great. You won't be disappointed when you leave.
Love, love, love this place. What draws you in is the in your face live preparation of Italian pasta. They do the pasta right at the front of their store, so you know it's authentic. You can either chose to dine in or take it to go or even buy fresh ones to cook it at home. You can tell that they are passionate about pasta because they're very particular when they sell and when you buy fresh ones. They make it certain that you put it in the freezer if you're not going to cook it right away. I also love their accents, it's like you are in Italy since most of them are Italians. I recommend the bolognese of the meatball sauce. All I can say is that they're not bashful in the sauce. It's like eating an all meat pizza in a pasta dish.
Freshly Made Authentic Italian Pasta With its friendly Italian owners, casual setting, and delicious food, the Italian Homemade Company is a great dinner place any night of the week. My boyfriend and I occassionally walk down Union Street to window shop. One particular night, we stood from outside the restaurant, reading the chalk board menu. A friendly woman passing by highly recommended the restaurant. Although we didn't go in that night, the restaurant was on the top of our list for weeks. We finally had dinner at Italian Homemade last night, and we were not disappointed!Gnocchi with white sauce (paired with Birre beer) - small, delicious, pillows with creamy, but not thick sauce. The beer was a nice compliment, similar to a Belgian white, but in my opinion, much better!Meat ravioli with meat sauce (red) - perfect al dente, great for any meat lover, and noticeably fresh ingredients. I especially liked the thinnest of the ravioli, which made it less doughy in texture like typical ravioli you'd find in most restaurants.
Its wildly intimidating to enter this place at first because the cashier just stares at you. Seating is uncomfortable at either the bar or a table so pick your poison. The food is good, a solid 7/10. I had fettuccine with pesto and it worked. The food runner was nice enough to make up for the stoic cashier.
New joint in town serves up a seriously delicious meal!Fresh pappardelle with an coat of pasticciata sauce. Yaaaaaas!
I want to give this a good review but I can't. It's the old cupcake spot on Union in Cow Hollow. So it's still sort of set up the same way.The menu is pretty straightforward. Sandwiches, salads, pastas. No appetizers or sides.You essentially look at the menu near the entrance, then pay for your food and sit and wait for them to deliver it to your table.Well, we waited a few minutes before someone came to the counter to take our order. I already saw a lot of Caviar receipts for to go orders so it seemed they were busy out the gate at that moment. The person who took our order looked like he was annoyed with being there. Took our order and we went to sit down.The only spot open was at the counter. The chairs at the counter are super uncomfortable. They're either old crotch ruining tractor chairs with sharp edges to slice your jeans open, or a rectangular padded cushion you need to straddle. My wife and I were uncomfortable on the seats. I get it, it's kitschy and nostalgic, but not when it feels sharp as I start to sit down.The pasta was good. The sauce was average. Nothing exciting.Not a lot of tables so it's not really for large groups. I see this as more of a quick place to grab a bite to eat when you're in a pinch.I wouldn't come back unless I was really that hungry.
What a great find! This place had been at the top of my bookmarks for a while, and I finally got a chance to try it. I was so surprised by the amazing quality of the food here. This place has a very cute, homey feel with no frills or anything else unnecessary. You walk in an order at the counter. The guy was so friendly and answered all of our questions with a smile! He even made some recommendation of his own, which we gladly took and were not disappointed! We ended up ordering the vegetarian lasagna, their version of "fettuccine alfredo" (which was a special that day), and the caramel panna cotta. Both pasta dishes were beyond delicious and we cleaned up plates completely. If I had to pick a favorite, it would be the fettuccine alfredo. Even though it was so simple, that pasta was cooked perfectly and the sauce was probably the best I've ever had! To finish it all off, the panna cotta was mouth-watering delicious! It was so yummy and even though we were pretty full from our food, we finished the dessert as well! There are so many options on the menu here, I feel like you could go back 10 times and order different things each time. Can't wait to be back!
I have no shame at all admitting I've been to this place 3 times in one week... If you want real deal pasta served by legit Italian men then look no further! Their pasta and sauces are amazing! I've had the pappardelle, fettuccine,tagliatelle, and ravioli pasta. Their all delicious and cooked to perfection. Do NOT miss out on getting their meatballs or tiramisu for dessert! Can't wait to stuff my face with fresh pasta again sometime very soon...
Great place for a quick lunch/dinner! Visited this place on a quiet afternoon for lunch. The location is a decent size but I can't imagine it fitting a dinner rush. Very nice decor with a viewing area of pasta being made fresh. I ordered the pappardelle pasta with a bolognese sauce. Overall, great texture of the pasta and great sauce. I will definitely come back and try their other items. Nothing super special, just classic pasta. Sometimes thats just all you need.
I had this for dinner last night and I'm still thinking about it! I've been eyeing this spot for a couple months now and I can't believe I waited this long to try it!A friend and I ordered the meat ravioli with meat balls, veggie ravioli with the bolognese and (can't remember what the other part was called) sauce, and the gnocchi roll. Their pasta was so fresh, their sauce was perfect, and the meatballs were to die for! We decided we were coming back to try their other pasta and sauces and definitely the lasagna!
Wow!! Visit this place with my buddy Steve and great place, the food is delicious. I've been to a few places, and this is a super Nice atmosphere, great food, service is awesome.. Prices were very reasonable, perfect place to take someone for a date or even just a stroll through if you're in SF city. Five star all the way
True pasta made from scratch. See them roll cut cook and serve. The glass of mosferrato was dessert for me. I tried the pesto marinara bolognese in fettuccine tagliatelle pappardelle- all separate dishes sauces relative to the pastas. All in all marinara was light on the garlic. The pesto was phenomenal. Recommend the tagliatelle. Sit back and enjoy. You are sure to hear the lively debate of pasta cooks and knowledgable staff giving insights to the methods and types of food being served. Those accents are refreshing & sharp ;)
Oh the most amazing pastas you'll have! You get to choose your own pastas and sauces, so you can try out combinations and create a new pasta dish everyday. My personal favorite is the cheese filled ravioli with bolognese sauce or meat balls. The restaurant is a small, cozy and clean place. So you may have to wait in line for a while before you can get a place. Do try out their desserts: the panne cotta and the tiramisu. The tiramisu is like a heavenly little bomb of flavor in your mouth, it melts as soon as it gets inside. The pasta or salad portions aren't really huge so you will have space for desserts in your tummy. The best thing about this place is they sell their dishes for house parties- I'm planning to bring the lasagna and tiramisu tray for next time I invite people over. Just one suggestion: please check and change your chairs! My husband's chair broke (he's really not fat so I'm guessing the chair was weak from before); and while nobody got hurt, it could have been a really bad accident. (The four star is for that and not the taste of food, which is definitely 5 star)!
We were thrilled when our favorite pasta dive in North Beach opened it's doors in the Marina so we no longer have to trudge up the hills after dining there. The food lives up to it's name. Fresh pasta made on the premise, tossed in a sauce you desire. Simple concept but well executed. The portions are not large but you will leave full and content. The interior reminds me of a non-Costco version of Mario Batali's Eataly. Good food and wine for those who want to dine in with an assortment of olive oil and etc if you want to take something home. Only complaint is that the gnocchi rolls were thoroughly heated during our last visit. It's just a hitch and the free flatbread offered during our wait made up for this.
Came here with a few friends to carbo load for a half marathon we were running. The line was pretty much out the door and stayed that way the entire time we were there. Seating is limited and we counted ourselves lucky to find three adjacent bar seats. This place is cool in that you can watch the pasta being made from scratch, which means the food is super fresh (we assume anyways). In addition to pasta, ravioli, and lasagna they also make closed panini sandwiches!A minor disappointment though was when we ordered, they had run out of pasta -_-. So I ordered ravioli with meatballs instead. I also ordered a sausage, onion, and cheese panini but later on when they got around to making it, they realized they were out of sausage! So in the end I didn't get to eat the things I wanted to try, but the food was still all right nonetheless.I also didn't think the meatballs were as good as they were hyped up to be. They were really, really dense which I wasn't quite expecting (but maybe that is what authentic Italian meatballs are like), and they weren't really hot on the inside, probably because they are quite large and dense. I will say the pesto sauce looked super, super green, in a good way. I wished I had gotten that instead of the bolognese sauce. Anyways, definitely would come again to try more of their food. Hopefully what I want won't have run out next time.
Ok - this is the best pasta I have had since I lived in Rome. Amazing homemade pasta that is not over sauced. This is my new spot!I almost don't want to write this review so that it stays a secret.
Excellent pastas (particularly the pappardelle) and sauces. Personally the gnocchi was just okay for me (although I will need to give their gnocchi roll a try) as it was not the best I've ever had but everything else was top quality. Italian staff were friendly and service was quick. Best pasta meal I've had in a long time!
Wow, just wow! Everything made from scratch, Mama Mia! The fettuccine is excellent! Tried the Marinara sauce, Bolognese sauce, & White sauce. Even the bread is made fresh when you order it. Staff is awesome & so friendly, very affordable as well, won't break the bank eating here.Will definitely come back my entourage again. Nothing beats fresh made pasta & sauce, mancha, mancha!
These guys just opened in our area (they have another hugely popular location in Italian concentrated North Beach) and its gradually becoming just as popular. I haven't experienced pasta this good since some of my visits to pasta bars while traveling in Italy. Everything is made onsite and fresh right in the window area, including the handmade pastas, tortellini, and raviolis. The sauces go great with everything and they even offer take out so you can cook the fresh pasta at home. They also give great recipes for you that aren't dependent on anything they can sell you, these guys are the real deal.
Lasagna was too salty. Cassoni was too sour. A disappointment and I was truly looking to enjoy my dinner.Not much to add except after they charged my card they don't provide creditcard receipts. Why???
It's not your normal sit down restaurant, you show up and order before you have a sit. With that out of the way, it's actually pretty cool. You get to see them prepare all of the noodles and ravioli while you wait for your order to be cooked. The sitting area can get a little tight but it is worth it. Your food is brought out to you once it's ready. The overall food quality was great. The food tastes fresh, nothing like I've tasted before. I really enjoyed what I got, it was a fettuccine noodle with the meat sauce. Add the fresh grated Parmesan!! Overall the experience was nice and welcoming. The staff is friendly, and asking for feed back. Everything went well. I will definitely be coming back when I'm back in town.
I hate to be the first non-five star review but here goes. My boyfriend and I were looking for someplace to eat on Union St the other day and came across The Italian Homemade Company on Yelp. The owners here are very nice (and actually Italian!) and knowledgeable about ingredients which is important if you have food allergies/dietary restrictions. I'm vegan and was informed that none of their pastas are vegan as they are handmade and have egg, but that the gluten free pasta was an option. Apparently they are working on adding some vegan pastas in the future which is good. I settled for the gluten free pasta with marinara sauce. I feel like it's fair to judge an Italian restaurant by their marinara sauce - it's one of those things that's hard to screw up but also hard to do well. Unfortunately I was underwhelmed by their marinara...it just didn't have enough flavor compared to Zero Zero or Delarosa, to name a couple.My boyfriend had the meat ravioli with butter and sage sauce. His feedback was that it was good but nothing to write home about. My other issue with this place is that each pasta was $14. I know that it's Union Street but $14 for a plate of pasta at a quick service restaurant is a bit steep (especially a basic pasta with marinara, no meat).It sounds like the owners are making modifications to their menu and this place is right around the corner from me so I would be up for giving it a second shot in the future.
The greeting from the employees just set the mood for the entire meal. They are so energetic, friendly, and genuinely happy that you took the time to try their place. The authentic Italian workers is just the cherry on the cake. This isn't some chain restaurant that throws pasta and sauce together and calls it Italian food.... They make their noodles in house and hand cut it. Their sauce is amazing!!! So full of flavor and they smother your pasta in it so you're not left wishing you had more sauce. The pasta and ravioli is cooked al dente.... And the perfect al dente! I had the crab ravioli and it was simply amazing. It didn't taste overly crabby and the sauce was not overwhelmingly rich.My fianc had the pappardelle with the pasticciata sauce. His sauce was creamy not greasy and tasted like heaven. It was savory but not rich! No tummy ache from greasy foods is always a plus for us (: of course we had to try a side of meatballs and they did not let us down. Super tasty meatballs and we were glad we got them on the side. Our entire meal cost $33! Such a steal for legit homemade Italian food. I've never had anything like this before!!! We bought a pound of prosciutto for $22! Machine cut. Cheapest prosciutto ever!!We have found our new go to place for pasta and prosciutto (: you can even buy their pasta and sauce and just make it at home!!! So yumm!! Can't wait to come back (: this is definitely one of my top 5 restaurants in the entire Bay Area!!! Ciao!
Their pasta and sauce is really amazing. You see them making the fresh pasta right as you walk in. How you order is you choose a type of pasta, or ravioli, and then choose a sauce. They also have salads, lasagna, and some desserts too.very interesting seating area. There are high top tables and regular tables and tables at the bar and none of the chairs match.
They really mean homemade! Right when you walk in, you see the ravioli being made fresh and the calzones being made with what looks like fresh ingredients.The place is very small, and they suggest you order before you sit. We walked in during dinner time, and we were still able to snag some seats at the bar. We ordered the pappardelle pasta with the pesto and the fettuccine with the bolognaise sauce and both were excellent. The ingredients tasted fresh, the pesto had a very earth taste to it and the bolognaise sauce was meaty and sweet. They don't add a lot of cheese but fortunately you can ask for more (my American taste buds hehe) and it doesn't take away from the flavor! The staff was very friendly and attentive, always asking how our meal is. It feels very authentic and at-home. Will definitely visit again when I'm in town.
It's a nice place run by real Italians. They make the pasta noodles as your waiting in line to order. I ordered the pork tortellini with the red bolognese sauce? I think that's what was put on top. I asked the guy @ checkout what he recommended & I couldn't completely understand what he said & just said okay do that. It was good, but my wife didn't care for it. My wife got the meat ravioli with the butter & sage. She really liked it, & it wasn't my favorite. So I'd say each dish has a district flavor, which I appreciate, & is authentic. I think they should serve a piece of bread or something on the side though. We were happy with what we got & would go back.
I walked by the storefront and was immediately drawn in by the fact that they have one of the cooks preparing fresh pasta. My sweetheart is Italian and I knew he would love this spot. We made it in today and asked the cashier "100% Italian" what he suggests, and he steered me to the ravioli filled with meat which was prepared just minutes before. It was cooked to Al dente perfection! $30 for 2 plates of fresh pasta and 2 sodas, great Value for such tasty food. They have been open for 2 weeks and working on securing the I liquor license. They also sell the pasta to take home and prepare at your leisure. You can also get sandwiches which my fella was seriously contemplating, but decided to save for another day. Casual Spot with some excellent food, lovely service and overall wonderful options for genuine tasty Italian fare.
This is definitely the best pasta in San Francisco. Every pasta is fresh, even types of pasta that are never fresh at other restaurants like penne. The sauces are all very good too and the Italian hosts, pasta makers and servers are all very friendly and proficient.
The food was delicious and the service was quick, but I left hungry. The portions were quite small, especially considering the fairly high price charged for a fast-casual style service. If you're in the mood for a light lunch or a snack, this is a great choice. However, if you want a full meal, I would suggest looking elsewhere.
Thrilled to have their second location in the Marina! Crazy good fresh high quality Italian food. Watch them make fresh pasta, sit down or take home. Nice modern space with old school Italian music in the background. Service staff are super friendly Italian owners. Perfect spot for a fast casual lunch or dinner and pick up some pantry staples on your way out.
The pasta was delicious! It was very fresh and flavorful. It tastes almost like my moms homemade sauce. The lasagna was huge! The meatballs weren't very good. The pasta could've used more sauce because the sauce was so good!
I was pretty sure I wouldn't be happy with pasta again around here after visiting Italy this last summer, but then I moved to an apartment a few blocks away from where this gem opened up! It's authentic, cute, not too big on the inside, and the quality is amazing, especially for the price. The pasta is made fresh, the meatballs are legit, and the prosciutto is both cheap (relative to what you can get around here), and delicious!I've had takeout from them twice - I went with gluten free spaghetti and meatballs, which was great and around $15 Yes, their regular pasta is wonderful (partner had the meat ravioli and he was really pleased), but they even have amazing gluten free pasta! I didn't think that was possible. Warning though - meatballs aren't gluten free, but very much worth a try if you can!Definitely give this place a try, you won't be disappointed! Takeout is probably a better option on busy nights like Friday/Saturday, as it doesn't seem like the inside of the restaurant can fit a ton of people.
Yay for homemade! This place is seriously good. We ate here 3 times on our mini getaway to SF. I'm so glad we got to try so many of their dishes plus have a few of their desserts. The decor of the restaurant is totally hip and I love the idea of ordering at the counter and paying. Everyone that we spoke with was clearly Italian, they had really thick accents and were really sweet explaining the menu and different types of pastas and sauces that were made. You can actually watch someone making pasta all day long it seems because we ate there at different times of the day yet there was always someone making fresh pasta. It was great and the food was great. My marinara sauce was so light and delicious. And the tiramisu!!!Awesome sauce! make sure you pronounce it correctly or else they won't understand you!! Tttt tiramisu with a t. Now I've never been, but they make you feel like you're in Italy!
A little slice of Italy in the Marina. A casual eatery with simple, fresh down-home Italian fare. And pasta al dente--just like it should be!
This place is amazing. The staff is incredibly friendly and helpful and the food is delicious. Since I eat here about 3 times a week, I have tried most of the menu and here are the highlights:Pork Tortellini with Butter & Sage Sauce - the homemade butter and sage sauce wasn't what I was expecting, but I was pleasantly surprised. The sauce is thick (almost like a alfredo sauce) and pairs wonderfully with the tortellini. Marinara Sauce on anything - I have been pretty disappointed with the sauces at a lot of italian restaurants in San Francisco, but Italian Homemade has created a perfectly simple marinara sauce that tastes fresh and delicious. I highly recommend the gnocchi or the pappardelle. Meatballs - grab a side of meatballs drenched in a large portion of the meat sauce.
First time visiting and will definitely be back. This is an adorable authentic Italian deli. Great location and ambiance. The staff is very friendly as well! We had the mortadella and prosciutto sandwiches. I definitely want to come back and try the pasta!
Nice atmosphere, good food, friendly staff and fair prices. So nice to have Italian food made by Italians. We got the meat raviolis, my husband had the bolognese & meatball witch was hearty with a deeper flavor and I had the marinara which was light with a fresh and bright flavor. Very nice. I left off one star purely because someone was playing music through the speakers off their phone and the phone kept ringing, and that was annoying. Vibe kill.
My friends like to make fun of me for eating dinner early. Like 5 PM early. Grandma status. I always argue that when you go early, 1) you never have to wait, 2) you get better service, 3) your food doesn't have to sit in your stomach, trying to digest when it's bedtime.After an afternoon of volunteering at the SPCA, Husband and I walked from Pac Heights to The Italian Homemade Company to have a nice hearty pasta dinner. Though we'd passed by and knew this was open (used to be the American Cupcake Kitchen), we just never had the chance to actually go in.It was just before 6 when we walked in, and all the tables were actually full already, but the bar seating (not really a bar, but it overlooks their refrigerator where they store fresh pasta for sale) was empty. There were a few people ahead of us in line, so that gave us time to peruse the menu.The choices are simple: pick a type of pasta (all homemade, including fettucine, tagliatelle, pappardelle, lasagna), then pick a sauce (marinara, bolognese, cream-based etc). Then if you're sitting there to eat, you pick a spot, and they bring your food out to you. You can also buy the fresh pasta and pre-packaged sauce to go to cook at home.As soon as we ordered and sat at the bar, the line developed, and by the time we were done eating, the line was almost to the door, and it wasn't even 6:30 yet.We both went for meatballs (2 + bolognese sauce), and I had the fettucine while Husband got the tagliatelle. Both plates were piping hot, the noodles were perfectly al dente, the sauce was DELICIOUS.. but my meatballs were super tough, dense, hard and dry.Husband thought his meatballs were fine, so maybe he got a different batch? I ended up giving mine to him, and he ate it without complaints. Maybe I'm just used to meatballs that are super tender and fall apart easily (Dobbs Ferry's, for example).This place is no doubt one of the best places to get fresh pasta for a decent price in the Marina, if not the city in general. It's not fancy, but it's a cozy, laid-back spot to grab a quick bite.
This has to be what italian food is like in Italy! Fresh, delicious, bountiful, properly cooked and served, just wonderful. Capresi salad w/mozzarella cheese was so fresh, light and awesome. Meat ravioli w/bolognese sauce just superb. Spaghetti w/2 meatballs was damn good and i'd keep eating it until i couldn't. Everything was perfect and if we lived here we'd eat here at least weekly. Must go!
After visiting Italy for the first time last month, we were craving some authentic Italian food and stumbled upon this place on Yelp. The food was fantastic - I got the pappardelle with the bolognese sauce and it brought us back to Rome. Fresh pasta, homemade sauce that packed a ton of flavor. The boyfriend got the pesto with tagliolini if I remember correctly and their pesto is amazing too. Most of the tables around us ordered the lasagna so we'll be back for that next time. The decor of the place is so cute from the unique tables to the open kitchen/bar area. The ordering happens at the front and then you seat yourself. The staff all had Italian accents which contributed to the atmosphere and brought us back to Italy. :-) We will most definitely be back!
Very tasty and fresh pastas in a casual setting. Enjoyed the service (they're actually italian!) and the pappardelle with meatballs. Also tried the panna cotta with strawberry sauce. I'm a fan!
The decor is clean, simple and creative. The food is fresh and flavorful. It's a mix of momma's food and upscale fast food. It also feels like a hole in the wall, but airy, lit and modern. The ambiance is interesting, but the food is the main attraction. Fresh pasta is great!!! And don't forget the dessert - classic, but good.There is a collection of interesting motorcycle chairs arranged along the bar area that might be interesting to check out.
Had them for lunch today and my Pesto Pappardelle was amazing. I will make an effort to try everything on their menu
A great place for fresh food and handmade pasta. I am not a lasagna lover but this lasagna was amazing! The food was incredible and well worth it. The prices aren't too bad either!
Gnocchi and meatballs are delicious. The women behind the counter was a pleasure to speak and gave better advice. Try their Italian cheeses.-The Arp Darp King
love this place! amazing homemade pasta that is to die for. the guys who run the restaurant are also really nice and friendly. great quick place to grab some pasta. you can also buy the pasta to bring home and cook.my favorite- pappardelle with butter and sage sauce.
The food was delicious, but the portions were really small considering how expensive they were. We left pretty hungry still and searching for food elsewhere.
Love everything on the menu!!! The pastas are delish and the sandwiches are tasty! I especially love their pana cota!!
Came here with my bf one evening. It was good however they were out of everything. So we basically got spaghetti with meat sauce. The place looks deceiving, good luck trying to find it!
This place is a gem on union street! I had the gamelli today with pancetta and mushrooms in a creamy sauce it was to die for!!! For something you would think is heavy it was so light!! Everything is made fresh on the premises which is a beautiful thing especially when it comes to pasta. You cannot go wrong here plus they have Italian food products you can take home. It's mostly on the northern Italian side when it comes to dishes. Highly recommend!
I really had high hopes for this place given the reviews. We tried the tortellini with a meat sauce and the spinach ravioli with sage and cream sauce. Both were recommended by the cashier. You can definitely tell that everything is made fresh and for that I think they are really awesome. But for the $$ and the fact that it was just pasta (no additional veggies, bread, etc.) that didn't really impress me in itself, I don't think we'll be back. Granted, some may say I don't have a refined enough palate to distinguish true Italian cooking, but I can only go off of what my tastebuds experienced. Very cute atmosphere though.
I came with high expectations as the previous low reviews were for vegetarian dishes which I am not. Ordered Pappardelle with meatballs and it was good, but far from being superb. Bolognese sauce has a lot of meat, but lacked flavor. Pappardelle was good, but not chewy al dente that places that have mastered pasta serve it as. Maybe I expected too much...
I have eaten at the Italian Homemade twice. The food was absolutely delicious, especially ravioli which were cooked perfectly according to the Italian tradition. I tried also the "cassone", a sort of piadina stuffed with mashed potatoes and bacon, it was really good! I like the fact that you can choose your favourite variety of pasta and see how is freshly prepared and cooked right in front of you!The stuff was friendly and the place cozy and spacious! I definitely recommend it!
Same amazing food in a new great new location! The Italian homemade company never stops to please Italians and food lovers. I had an amazing 'caprese' piadina and a 'chinotto' on the side. For dessert don't miss the 'bombolone' alla Nutella and finish your meal with one of the best espresso in the city. Authentic Italian coffee! The owner Mattia is a great host and the whole stuff is amazing! Italian homemade company is the real deal: not doubts about it!
This place is nothing short of amazing. Been a fan of the North Beach location and can't be happier they are on Union now. This location has a much bigger menu because their kitchen and location overall is much bigger. It's just a matter of time until the whole neighborhood discovers this gem and it's packed like the original. Tried a lot of things and never been disappointed but the lasagna is the best. The mozzarella salad was amazing as well with delicious balsamic dressing.Service and ambiance are great. I don't think I'll ever need to go anywhere else for pasta, especially after they start serving wine end of this month :)
Only place in SF with affordable homemade pasta - parpadelle is my favorite with ham and mushroom / meatballs - order 2 per person/ the owner and staff are always so nice and friendly when you come in !!!
Yes!!!! Welcome to the neighborhood!!!! Have loved the original location. Perfect fit on union street. Eat in or takeaway.
Caviar now delivers from here & it's worth the extra cost, especially on a rainy night. The gnocchi roll with marinara was fabulous! Definitely a must try! Fresh pasta on a rainy night sure hits the spot!
One of my new favorites! Quick, and casual place to get excellent pasta at a very reasonable price. The homemade name is especially fitting, as 1. It tastes like it, and 2. You can watch the pasta being made on the front counter. The bolognese sauce is so good that you won't leave a drop behind! And don't pass up the delicious tiramisu for desert! (This is coming from someone who never goes for dessert...) And on top of the excellent food, the Italian guys that run the place, are very friendly and provide an excellent dining experience. You can tell how much they care, and that is why this place is one of the best!
Really delicious, and the pasta is homemade. Only complaint is that the dining area isn't larger.
I'm so happy that they have come to Union street. The Marina was in desperate need of some solid food contributions, and The Italian Company is a huge boost. I've had their food delivered via Caviar a few times now, from their location in North Beach (the lasagna is phenomenal), and having a local option is convenient. Plus, this one seems to have more options due to the large space. Today I had the Classic sandwich, which comes on flat bread, and it was amazing. I paired it with some sparkling water and a cappuccino. The staff was beyond friendly, and they were all in great moods and spirit.I will be back (again and again).
Best pasta I've ever had. It's like WAYYY legit. Service was friendly. Food came out fast. Bolognese was to die for. Gnocchi roll was ridiculously yummy. It's a must go.
Fabulous. Definitely authentic - fresh pasta and homemade sauces, everything cooked to perfection. Tasted all entrees at my table and each was unique and delicious. Cannot recommend strongly enough.
When I saw maybe the few negative reviews I thought "what meanies." But I have now tried this place three times and cannot understand why everyone is excited, but I can understand the "meanies." The veggie lasagna with white sauce was inedible. The ravioli with white sauce not much better. Ravioli with pesto was definitely the best, but not sensational. Average salad. The sandwich with tomato sauce and mozzarella was bland/messy, and there was grated cheese inside (which put me off) and none of it had melted. The veg ravioli I took home with the tomato sauce was fresh but pretty tasteless. I kept adding salt, and I rarely salt any of my food. The positive reviews may be more geared for the meat dishes perhaps? Bummed.
My wife and I had a lovely dining experience at the Italian Homemade Company. I ordered the gnocchi with a parmesan sauce. It was easily the best gnocchi i've ever had. It melted in my mouth. Decent serving size too. My wife ordered prosciutto stuffed tortellini. She loved it too. My wife accidentally complicated things by changing her mind on her dish after i left to use the restroom. It was misunderstood. Consequently, they brought me the wrong dish, having understood that she cancelled my gnocchi order. Anyways, they were so gracious about it and swapped it quickly. The service is A++ here. Loved it and will definitely come back. Great value too. I actually prefer paying before eating too. 2 thumbs way up.
If you are looking for delicious food and a casual atmosphere, this second location of the Italian Homemade Company is perfect. Same concept as their North Beach location but a much bigger space. Food is fantastic, with options ranging from freshly made pasta to salads. They even have gluten free options for eating there and sold to take home. My mom has celiac disease and loves the gluten free pasta here! There is even a small assortment of Italian groceries to choose from. If you are on Union Street - or in North Beach - definitely check it out!!
Amazing homemade pasta! The are like my grandmas'. Service is excellent and the place is cozy. Highly recommended!!!
Very authentic Italian food. Simple, filling, and hearty. I love that you can watch them make the pasta. We tried the hot meatball sandwich, the stuffed gnocchi, papaerdelle with meatballs, burratta salad, tirimisu, and espresso. All of it was done well. I feel like it's hard to find a place that can do all of that well. Kudos to a wonderful little gem!!
Living a few blocks away, I have been delighted to make the acquaintance of the Italian Home-made Company.  I have had the pleasure of experiencing many meals prepared at the restaurant and also a Private party catering by them on Telegraph Hill.  The pasta, the sauces, the sandwiches and, not to be forgotten, the tiramisu, were all extraordinary.  The Italian couple that opened this space not long ago are committed to genuine Italian cuisine using the finest ingredients and a commitment to technique that is all too uncommon in restaurants of any sort in this country. While local politics have made it difficult for them to obtain a liquor license, they have continued to produce the finest Italian cuisine in the extraordinarily competitive market situated in the North Beach area. Bravo! In particular, many of the Italian sandwiches are simply unavailable elsewhere on the west coast and perhaps only available in this country on Arthur Avenue in the Bronx or a short list of other truly Italian neighbourhoods. You will quickly become an aficionado of Italian sandwiches by dining here! If you seek and utterly authentic, professionally prepared food and with he warmest of experiences, the Italian Food Company is the place for you. Highly recommended.
Finally I found my favorite meatball place. Fresh pasta, great meatball sauce and convenient location. Will come back!!!
Loved every bite! Gorgeous salad with the best burrata I've had...and the portion was huge! Even the flatbread for dipping was homemade and amazing. We also had the pappardelle with bolognese sauce - perfectly cooked, with a delicious sauce. The owners were awesome, as well. Happy to have a great new spot in the neighborhood, and looking forward to going back!
This place has really great food and isn't too expensive. The interior is pretty low-key, I don't think they are super concerned with the decor or coziness but the food is on point. You come in and order at the counter and then are seated and they bring out the food to you. There is a chalkboard that lists the different plates and options for sauce/toppings.I got gnocchi which was very good. My boyfriend got spaghetti and meatballs and our friend had the lasagne. Everyone was happy and the service was attentive and helpfully answered our questions.
Terrible terrible TERRIBLE service. Our friends were visiting all the way from Vallejo and had a craving for pasta so we decided to go here due to its pretty good reviews. We came here on a Saturday at 7pm and a direct quote from the manager as we stood in line for about 15 min was, "We are 70% out of our menu. You only have the option of to go." How is anyone 70% out of their menu on a Saturday night during peak dinner hours?? We still decided to eat here since we were the next ones up at the register. The cashier was very rude and told us that we couldn't order anything but salads, raviolli, gnocchi, lasagna, and this gnocchi roll. My friend inquired about the gnocchi roll asking her TWICE if it contained pork because he couldn't eat pork. She confirmed TWICE that it only had spinach and cheese. When paying for our meal, she was hovering over us like an eagle ensuring that we give the restaurant tip making us feel extremely uncomfortable. After waiting for another 25 min to get our food, low and behold..there was pork on top of his gnocchi roll. I'll give a star to the manager who came by and said he'd make us another one, but seriously, we asked the lady twice..how does she not know?! What if it was a deathly food allergy!Probably won't be coming back here EVER again. The employees are very rude and not worth my time.
This place is a real gem! The food is incredible, the employees are all extremely friendly, and its quick and easy -- the perfect blend between a sit-down restaurant and a fast-food option. I was beyond thrilled with my first meal there (highly recommend the tagliatelle with pesto) and cannot wait to go back!!! The Italian Homemade Company is the real deal!
Yummy fresh pasta and generous servings.
Great homemade Italian food! I ordered the tortellini and thought it was fantastic. The ambiance is decent - definitely the kind of place where you can sit and have a great meal in under an hour. Price is fair. Loved that the owners are actually from Italy. Overall, very impressed and will go back again.
Oh. My. Lord. Ordered the gnocchi with marinara, fettuccini wth white sauce and a side of pesto. It was delicious, food was up within 5 minutes and gone from our plates within 10. It's a cute little spot with a good variety. We really enjoyed our meal and I will definitely be back.
I ordered vegetarian ravioli (spinach and ricotta cheese) with sage and butter sauce. My friends ordered papaderelle pasta with meat sauce and vegetarian ravioli with meat sauce. Ravioli was so fresh. Papaderelle was chewy and elastic. Very fresh and definitely have s home made feel.  I can taste the fresh tomato flavor in the meat sauce. Will definitely come back.
Discovered this gem while walking down Union street! I am a fan of Italian sandwiches and this place is a definitely worth a try! Brings me back to when I visited Florence and ate delicious Italian sandwiches there! Although the portions are a bit on the small side, the taste is definitely excellent! I ordered the Classica Piadina. The prosciutto was delicious and it was served on Italian flatbread. Not too overfilling and the right amount of flavor! I am definitely coming back here to try the rest of their sandwiches!
Friendly, fast service, great process, and top-tier Italian food.Do yourself a favor. Go eat at Italian Homemade, but go early! They're so popular that they are fresh out of most of their menu by the end of the night! The only thing that could be improved is of they could served wine. Cannot recommend highly enough.
Excellent. I walked in, picked my pasta, picked my sauce and walked out 5 minutes later with my fresh, warm food. I had the ravioli with meat sauce. Decent serving size and very flavorful. Not cheap- it was $16 total (that's with a 15%) tip. I will return.
Some of the best Italian food I've eaten in the city bar none. Lasagna is awesome, meatballs are awesome and the deserts are surprisingly good. Will be returning often to this gem.
Today, I was pretty firm on starting a low-carb diet tomorrow. I was very hungry and was in the area so thought I'd try my last bit of carbs until two weeks later. Had the pappardelle with bolognese and lets just say that I'll be craving this for every meal, for weeks to come. I'm blaming this place for ruining my astuteness for the diet I was about to start. So. Dang. Good... I don't even think the word "good" would suffice how awesome this place is!
Exactly what I was craving. Simple and tasty pasta. I ordered the Fettuccine with Meat Balls. The meat balls were outstanding! The pasta was perfectly cooked and you can really taste the difference with the fresh pasta.Super friendly staff - definitely more of a casual feel, but definitely high quality food!
This meal was like taking a mini trip to Italy. My family and I can only say thank you for the wonderful food and service we had. Simply delicious is how I would describe this food. The homemade fettuccine and the Cassonis (small calzone) were excellent. My daughter loved her mozzarella salad, so simply said everything was excellent.
Wow, stopped in after a meeting and couldn't be more satisfied with the gnocchi role. The Bolognese is perfect and only $13! I'll be returning soon.
Really delicious pastas and sauces! Picked up spinach ravioli and meat sauce to cook at home! Will definitely be back!
Another home run from the talented folks at Italian Homemade Company in North Beach! Their second location is much bigger, but serves the same amazing, authentic Italian food. They specialize in piadini, a traditional flatbread from the Emilia Romagna region that's folded over and stuffed with a variety of delicious combinations of Italian meats, cheeses and/or veggies. They also make fresh pasta every day, and have a combination of sauces that you can order to eat there or take home. My personal favorite is the lasagna bolognese- it's based on the chef's grandmother's recipe and it's one of the best versions I've had in the US!
The lasagna was probably the best one my boyfriend and I have ever eaten. It just melted in your mouth! They roll the pasta right in front of you and everyone speaks Italian there. I love it and its super cute for a casual date night!
The Best Italian Food From Emilia Romagna!!! Bravi Ragazzi We are Proud of You;) Non E' Normale!
Another great location for this amazing as-original-as-it-gets Italian restaurant.
Yum. Definitely coming back here! Quick, delicious and fresh pasta - you choose the noodles and the sauce. Order at the counter and they bring it out to you. No frills, just good food. I had gnocchi with bolognese sauce ($13).
Great new spot in the neighborhood! Italian staff have a lot of pride and passion about the food they offer. The burrata salad was fresh and delicious. The gnocchi roll, ravioli and bolognese followed wonderfully. I'm gluten free and had no issues finding options for pasta. The pasta they used didn't get mushy like most gluten free pasta does.
The sign outside above said Cupcake or something like that whereas the smaller sign says Italian Homemade.  You order at the counter when you walk in and then the food is brought to you - very informal place. There is only like 2-3 tables with chairs, otherwise there are long high tables with stools - some more uncomfortable than others - my only complaint. if you want water, you serve yourself towards the back on the counter. Everything we ordered was delicious.  My question would be if there was no place to sit, do you order anyway and hope someone gets up or wait until there is room to sit ?
Had the spinach ravioli with marinara and the bresaoula salad. Everything was, and tasted, fresh, including the marinara, the ravioli, the spinach inside the ravioli, the salad. However I would try the sandwich (with bresaoula, definitely!) instead of the salad - we only got salad because of health needs of my other person, but I am sure everything here is fresh and good for your soul. Portions are just right, but pricey.Eating here inspired me to cook delicious pasta. It's always good when a restaurant inspires you to cook.
Exactly what the neighborhood needed, perfect casual Italian food. Best pasta I've had in a while, the perfect spot to either eat in or get to go and make at home. The staff is awesome too.
Went for late lunch on Saturday and the secret is out. This place serves simple Italian pasta that's flavorful and fresh at unbeatable value. Had the fettuccine bolognese with meatballs and gf had vegetable ravioli. Only challenge will be to try something new as the first round was delightful.
This place is so cute. The decor is delightfully mismatched and unique. It's very nice but still casual.I had a pappardelle with bolognese sauce to go and it's delicious. I love that you can pick a pasta and a sauce. The other sandwiches and things I can't pronounce looked tasty. Overheard a family raving about the meatballs.The staff is super friendly and attentive with authentic Italian accents!
Don't order the fetuchine pasta. way too salty n they got mad when we told them.. not coming back here :/
I have been eating here on a weekly basis since it opened. It makes me feel like I am in Italy. I love that the pasta is made from scratch daily. You can really tell the difference between pasta that is fresh and homemade versus pasta that is not. The service is great it which is why I keep coming back. Eating at their original location in North Beach is now on the top of my list. Definitely give them a try!
homemade pasta!!!so good and awesome that you can pick your own sauce and everything.want to go back again!!!
Had the gnocchi with marinara sauce. It was good and would come back especially to try the gnocchi roll, which they were out of, and the pesto. I like the idea of being able to buy pasta by the pound to cook at home. I have a critical comment, but this is easily fixable. well-made and fresh pasta needs to be topped with fresh-grated cheese. Mine came with the ancient powdered Parmesan, the kind you see in shakers at hole in the wall pizza places, like the kraft sawdust shaving stuff, all sprinkled on top. This took the meal down a star for me. Just didn't make sense with a place with such a focus on fresh ingredients.
This place is great. 10/10 would eat again.
WOWHad pasta with white sauce (bechamel) today. The best bechamel I've ever had. You could tell it was freshly made.Fettuccine were awesome!Fantastico
Got here early on Sunday before the crowds came in. The food is amazing. All of it is made fresh - you can watch them make the pasta when you walk in the door. They also sell a small assortment of Italian grocery items (cookies, pasta, etc). We had a pasta and a couple of desserts and all of them tasted delicious. Would definitely stop by again when I am in town.
Best Italian meal! Excellent service! Genuine Italian eatery! Love it!!! We have gone with our kids 3 times in 1 month. I guess that says it all.
Wow. Phenomenal bolognese sauce, the lasagna was incredible and the portions generous. Can't wait to come back again and try more of their menu.
So good! We were a party of 5 and we got our food in less than 15! All of our food delicious.
so authentic !!! thoroughly enjoyed it and then found a second location...awesome + nice guys running the place too.
FABULOUS food! Authentic Italian... took me back to Florence! Very nice staff! This is a must stop for dining in or for take out!
This short and no so sweet.  I ordered to go a MORTADELLA (thinly sliced meat) sandwich with lettuce, tomatoes and onions.  The place was not busy and the owner took my order. He said it would take 5 minutes.  In about 2 minutes a server brought me a small box and told me it was my sandwich. I questioned her and said " are you sure it is a Mortadella sandwich"? and she assured me it was.  I got home and when I unwrapped it, there was no Mortadella in it and instead it had MOZZARELLA (cheese). Not only did the owner screw up the order, the lettuce was wilted and the bread was soggy.  And, all of this "joy" was at a cost of $14 and change.  Suggestion if you order to go. Open the box they give you before you leave the premises.
Love this place! Came here for the first time today and I'll definitely be back. It's really clean. The food is amazing and the staff is super friendly. It's really cool that you can watch the guys make the pasta from scratch while you eat. The atmosphere is just really refreshing:)
Closest to real Italian pastas in America. Pastas was perfectly fresh made and cooked, sauce was balanced. A must try place, oh real Italian runs this place.
I love this place. Everyone is super friendly and helpful, you can tell they have their heart in what they're doing. The pastas are excellent. I always ask what the favorite of the day is and have never been disappointed. Last night we had the lasagne and it was incredible - even the kids swooned. Everything we've had has been high quality, and delicious. Now if only I could get away with eating pasta every day...
The food here is really good. I have been here a few times and both of the times my meal was excellent. You can tell that this place is run by people who know how to make high quality authentic Italian food. I would definitely recommend stopping by for a bite if you are in the neighborhood.
Just tried this new place and really enjoyed it! I look forward to trying more of the pasta as it is truly Italian. Friendly staff, limited seating.
Great service. Delicious, fresh pasta and salads. Very happy we stumbled upon this place. Seating is limited-- beware.
