Best Falafel I have ever had!!!!!This is a hole in the wall kind of place. Be prepared to stand outside, even if it is raining. Even though all of that happens, it is all worth it. Every time I eat here I am satisfied, every single time.Each order is super huge. each bite is filled with tons of flavor and is spicy, well, for me.Parking is kind of hard to find and there is no sitting area at all on the inside. Eat this fast because it could make the bread that holds all of the ingredients inside will get soggy.If you love food, or falafels you need to come here because you will not be dissapointed at all!!
Structurally advantaged falafel experience+ newly gentrified prime location on Market + AffordableFRESH - I've backpacked the ME & lived in "Tehrangeles" in LA... I learned that that short time span from oven/fryer to mouth usually makes for a good falafel experience. Given its high turnover from an awesome location, and the food stand layout, this place has minimal time from being heated to being eaten aka structurally advantagedCRUNCHY - TFF differentiates from other joints with very satisfyingly small sized falafel pieces yielding a *high fried surface area to internals ratio" aka think fried wings versus fried breast at KFCMIX - There is not too much disparity between chickpea/bean mix at different restaurants, but this place managed to get the spices just rightIf you're familiar with LA, this is like the SF Vegan equivalent of Bella Pita.
The falafel is great, but beyond that I don't think TFF warrants the "OMG amazing food, awesome service, best I've ever had" hype given.It could be that I went there near closing time, so the pockets weren't that warm, fries tasted a bit dry, and the toppings were mostly gone (pretty much leftovers that had to be scraped up). I have had plenty of street cart falafels as well as Maoz back in New York so TFF didn't particularly blow my mind away.I'd come back for a quick bite, but since 4.5 stars are "you must come here for a memorable experience" type of place for me--which TFF clearly isn't for me--I'd come here with a toned down expectation.
E for exceeds expectationsBeen wanting to come here for the past 6 months. I work about 2-3 blocks away and finally had time to make a stop. The wait can be a bit long, so if you've only got a 30 minute break, might wanna consider somewhere else. Flying Falafel is a little hole in the wall on market street. But if you love Mediterranean food this is the spot. I got:1) Pocket flying sesame falafel - STUFFED pita with like 7-8 falafels, cucumbers, tomatoes, pickles, lettuce, and load on that yogurt sauce. pretty darn stuffing and only for $7.00. Make sure you have napkins. I was licking my fingers by the time I was doneI am so coming back here for the combo. Pocket falafel + 2 domas + baklava. Can't wait.
Alas, my falafel did not fly, but it sure smooshed with aplomb. And that spicy sauce!A blink-and-you'll-miss-it HITW slings some seriously savory vegan fare. The pocket full o' fried love came with unlimited toppings (get the works, chump) and a healthy helping of crispy falafel balls. I mega-mealed to include two dolmades, a baklava AND a banana shake (hey, it was a long flight in to SF) and all that jazz still rung in under fifteen bucks.By the way, that shake disappeared in two champion pulls from the straw. Delicious, and so creamy, you won't believe it's veeeeeeeeegan.If the walk up and enter your own order system confuses or confuddles, keep in mind: they deliver. So you're welcome to stay in your office. Just open a window and who knows what Falafel may come a-Flyin'!
The best $5 falafel pita pocket!!!It's gluten free, vegan, and extremely tasty.Best bang for the buck. What are you waiting for? Go go go!I hope you give this delicious inexpensive falafel place a try. Cheers!
Surprisingly, this place was just great! If you don't ask about their cleanliness, which looks a bit subpar, and if you just don't worry about what's inside your falafel, I guarantee you will enjoy it.We got the felafel wrap with everything, and it was worth every penny. The felafel balls were so crispy! I have never had felafel so nice and crunchy, and warm, mm.
Overview: The Flying Falafel is basically a tiny shack on Market Street with loud music and two guys making beautiful falafels as fast as physics allows them to. No seating, no service - just a line to order and a line to pick up. Be prepared to wait 15+ minutes as they often have to pause their pickup line to handle online orders.The Food: Whether you get the falafel pocket ($7.50 as of Nov 2015) or the falafel plate ($8 as of Nov 2015), you're going to be in for a great treat. My recommendation is to get the falafel plate. You'll get a delicious mix of fresh veggies and some darn fine falafels and some magical spicy/mayo sauces.The Service: These guys are so darn fast but you'll still wait in line forever due to their popularity.The Establishment: Remember, there is no seating and no roof for you so this place is take-out only.Conclusions: With decent pricing and an amazing flavor composition, the plates and pita pockets here are some of the best examples of vegetarian food I've ever had.
Holy shoot. I was staying nearby for a business trip and I walked past a place that had flying falafels? I thought it definitely could be interesting. I was in for it. What an incredible meal. I got the salad too as I was really hungry but I couldn't finish it all. I've been trying to get more vegan and gluten free and if I could just eat one of these every day I'd be golden.
The expiration date for my appearance at places like Flying Falafel is nearing. There's nothing at all wrong with the place, per se, but the location is dicey. The things I saw just walking over from the Civic Center I cannot unsee.The food though, that's what you're going for, so even though you'll get hit up for spare change while you wait just outside Flying Falafel for your order, the food will mostly help you to clear your mind of those other things you witnessed. Flying Falafel prepares their food much like a chef prepares fine lasagna and a landscaper prepares soil: layered with rich ingredients to achieve maximum outcomes. I ordered only a "snacker" ($5, half falafel ordered "spicy") which was possibly the best falafel I've ever had. Just before preparing it my name was called and I stepped inside to, ostensibly, indicate what vegetables I wanted. "All of them", of course, then I watched as this meal-sized snacker was composed. After every second addition of ingredients a sauce was squirted from a nearby bottle, seemingly a different sauce for each two ingredients. At the end, a falafel ball was flipped artfully into the air and caught between the pita to finish my order; a little dash of circus arts in the open-air kitchen. Because there's only seating outside and only for a handful of people and because I had no desire to dine al fresco in this neighborhood I walked with it a few blocks before digging in. All I can say is that this thing was quite perfect, with saucy goodness in every bite right down to the very last. No dry pita, no overly dry falafel. Tons of fresh and pickled vegetables made for quite the flavor bomb. In such a colorful area as this, you might choose to take advantage of the opportunity to pre-order your meal and receive notification when it's ready. The food here does take a bit of time to prepare and doing so will reduce your wait outside on Market Street. While supposedly having a resurgence, this section of Market Street is far from becoming San Francisco's Champs Elyses.
ive never tasted anything like this their vegan falafel pita pocket is a must!! their cinnamon baklava is delicious and their dolmas is pretty goof if you like sour things
Great Falafel and customer service. I placed an order on Eat24 for 20 ppl. I got a little worried about it being ready when I needed it...so I called them and they took great care to get me the order correctly and on time. AND it tasted awesome! Thanks Flying Falafel!
Seriously obsessed with this falafel shop (it doesn't hurt that the owner is also from Puerto Rico and blasts some of my favorite reggaeton music, but I digress). There's always a line at this place, so I've wised up and now order online. $7 for a pita pocket is pretty reasonable(not to mention, filling). There are two types of falafel you can choose from: regular or spicy. I typically go for the spice, because who doesn't like a little kick with their lunchtime chow.Did I mention that they have a "rewards" program? Grab a card and collect stamps to get a free pita pocket (they usually give you a couple extra stamps just to get you started, too).There is very limited seating outside this storefront, so definitely a grab-and-go type of place. Falafel is cooked very fresh (made-to-order). You can go wrong with falafel but these guys do everything right!
Best falafel meal I've had so far in the Bay Area.You'll smell it every time you walk past it on Market St. It really is a hole in a wall since all customers can really do is walk up to the register area and U-turn to leave. It's that small of a place.My boyfriend and I came on a Sunday evening. Yelp said it was closed but it really wasn't. As we walked in to check the menu, the sole falafel guy tending to the place tossed us falafel balls to munch on. He tossed another customer a pita bread fragment as he was working on a pita pocket. The menu is short and sweet. You can't go wrong with the falafel pita pocket for $7. Spicy or sesame, both are great. If the guy is busy, you can order and pay on the tablet yourself.Falafel Pocket -- The falafel balls, sauces, and veggies are packed into the pita pocket in repeating layers so you get a bit of every ingredient spread throughout your pocket (unlike a burrito, where you often have areas where there's just hella beans or rice or a massive glob of sour cream). This place seriously packs their falafel pockets. Take a fork and napkins with you as you stand or walk around outside to eat; it can be messy.
A very satisfying and cheap (for San Francisco) vegan sandwich at $7 (before tax). The setup is a bit confusing since you order and pay on the right line and then get in the left line to dictate your toppings once your name is called. Also, the only drink they sell is a banana milkshake so you'll need to stop by the smoke shop nearby to get a soda if you want. Not much space to eat it; only one measly table with one chair. But could totally loiter nearby and have at it standing with the pita in one hand and your drink in another (...but good luck if you also want to take a photo of your falafel).Spicy Falafel Sandwich: Two layers of crispy on the outside and soft on the inside falafels; a bunch on the bottom before the filling starts and some more on top of all the veggie filling. The spicy falafel didn't feel particularly spicy. The pita was thicker than store bought and quite fluffy. So many veggies and sauces added when you ask for everything. In aggregate, all that filling helped contrast the deep fried carbs with freshness and tanginess. Pretty solid falafel offering.
I just realized why that guy throws the last falafel ball up in the air and catches it in your pita. The Flying Falafel. I'm quick on the draw.Well, this place doesn't need a gimmick, anyway. They have the tastiest vegetarian treats you can get on this stretch of Market. I went for a Snacker, which is a half portion of a falafel that costs just under a full order. It's silly, I know, but I'm watching my figure.*The nice dudes behind the counter will offer you several types of sauces (hot, tangy, tahini), and layer in your falafel, hummus, and all the veggies with care. I really, truly appreciate how my guy took the time to sauce the pita before and after he loaded it up, ensuring good bites throughout the meal. This matters. And it pays off, because that's a damn good falafel._____________*...grow, since I was being forced to eat a burrito in just a couple hours.
maybe its that we ordered for delivery but this was the weirdest falafel i've had in while. the falafels themselves were nothing remarkable, but also way smaller than i'm used to. i ordered the platter, which had the most confusing combination of salads...the regular tomato cucumber, and hummus, a yogurt sauce, all fine - but then sauerkraut? alot of it too, which was...i mean fine, i like the stuff, but not with falafel! husband got the sandwich and it came topped with some very stale french fries. not cool flying falafel. not cool.
I've had this spot bookmarked for quite some time since I love Falafel's Drive-In in San Jose and was looking for something similar in SF. It's truly a hole-in-the-wall and easy to spot with the long line. During lunch the wait can take 5-10min and much longer if you don't read the signs and stand in the wrong line (order on the right & pick-up on the left).I ordered the spicy pocket falafel and a banana milkshake. The pita pocket is pretty stuffed and can be a bit messy to eat so grab a fork. The spicy falafel was good and had a bit of a kick but wasn't too spicy. The banana shake was too thick and the color was unappetizingly brownish. All in all, it's a good spot for a quick bite yet I still prefer Falafel's Drive-In both for their falafel's and banana shakes.
Great price for a hearty, filling and yummy meal! The half plate (~$5) is really filling and I'd definitely recommend loading up your pita with all of the toppings and veggies. I believe that I got the "spicy" falafel, which was de-lish-ous!The only bad thing is that there aren't many places to sit and eat; it's more of a grab and go and enjoy on the streets of mid-market? Alternatively, you can make some friends with those working at Square / Twitter / etc. so that you can enjoy this tasty morsel in their break rooms :-D.
Yep, this place is a winner! Falafel pocket sandwich overflowing with goodness- falafel balls (sesame or spicy), veggies (~6 options), and sauces (~4 options). All for $7.61!Customize your falafel by telling them what veggies and sauces you prefer. For me, I let them construct that pocket; they're the pros! Tip- If you're undecided, you can get a mix between sesame & spicy falafel balls. I'd definitely come back. Next time I'll try the Plate me. Order your food, pick it up, and take it somewhere else to devour. Only two outdoor counter seats here.
I first learned about this place on Yelp and it sounded interesting so I decided to give it a try. It is a hole in the wall not too far from the Civic Center. There are two guys in the back working their butts off moving the two lines; one for ordering and the other for the pickup! You order on one and then move over and wait for your turn to pick up.I ordered their "Plate Me" and even though this item is Gluten Free, I asked for one of their freshly baked pitas just to try it. Let me tell you, for $7.50 you get a lot of food! The sauces were tasty, the hummus and falafels were delicious, and the bread was very good. I suggest getting there a bit early or late (11:30ish or after 1:00) to avoid the long lines.This place reminds me a lot of Mamoun's on MacDougal Street in NYC. They are new, but judging from the crowd I saw, they could stick around for a long time.
I am bonified meat eater. "Fleisch ist mein Gemse" for all the German speakers out there, but this place makes a dynamite falafel that is apparently gluten-free, vegan, tasty, and very SF. Hey, if it tastes good - I'm putting it in my mouth!At $7 on the menu, It's a lunch treat I wouldn't do everyday - but getting anything in this city for lunch under $10 is a "win".Spicy pocket falafel FTW. Highly recommend you start with that. The guys that work here are super nice, super hardworking, they are the "American Dream".
I have walked by this place a few times, and always see it rated highly on Yelp, so I decided to come give it a try. I came here on a cold and rainy Sunday, but it was still pretty busy- when I walked in, there was no line but within a couple of minutes, there were about 5-6 people in line. Simple menu- falafel, pita, veggies, hummus which you can order in different ways (platters, on bed of hummus, pita sandwiches, etc.) plus a few other things like dolmas, baklava, and some drinks. Everything is vegan. I ordered a falafel frisbee and banana milkshake. The frisbee is falafel on top of a bunch of hummus, with whatever veggies and sauce you want. I opted for all veggies and also all the sauces (tahini, some kind of spiced mayo, and amba- pickled mango) except for hot sauce. What makes the food good is that separately, each component is pretty good but the combination of everything together is truly fantastic. The hearty hummus with crispy falafel and crunch and super fresh veggies was awesome. The pita bread is pretty good as well, not my favorite but I have never been a huge pita fan. I really liked the amba also, the mango gave a nice touch of sweetness and since it was pickled, you get a bit of tartness too. The banana milkshake was great too, honestly better than I expected. I believe it is made with Rice Dream and possibly some nuts also, and it was very creamy and tasty. It does cost $5 which I feel is maybe a bit too high, but I did like it a lot. The store is super tiny and doesn't really have much place to even wait for your food or sit (there are a couple of outdoor tables). Definitely more of a grab and go place. I heard it gets pretty busy during the week, especially at lunch. The Flying Falafel is a great option for some filling but not ridiculously heavy food.
This is no lie a hole in the wall!I wouldn't have seen this place if it wasn't for the massive line of people waiting outside the door. It gets a little confusing (or at least I was confused) so let me tell you what I learned.The people lounging around on the left side has already ordered. The line to order is on your right. And once you get to the front, you don't order with any of the cooks, you order with the POS system. There are no names, just miniature pictures of what things are so make sure you know what you want and make sure you choose the right thing! You then swipe and pay and enter your name and proceed to the left with the hungry customers. The owner does take note of the customers though. He will cut pieces of the falafel bread and tell people to catch it! I think that makes this place super fun! I appreciate that the owners/chefs are really kind and genuine. I really wanted the vegan meatballs and the chef knew so he asked me if I didn't mind waiting, I can get the fresh batch! HELL YEA!I ended up ordering the spicy plate. It came with vegan meatballs, vegetables of all kinds (tomatoes, carrots, cucumbers, etc.), and the falafel bread! The spicy sauce that he slathers all over the plate is truly the finishing touch to this marvelous dish. It was all super super delicious and a large large portion! I ended up saving half of it for my lunch for the next day! I will definitely come back to get a pocket next time!
Came here last time I was in San Francisco and searched on Yelp to find good places to eat and this popped up. It's literally an indent in the wall because it was so small! But the owner guy was really friendly and offered us samples and everything. It was a quaint little place and it was good, but I have had better falafels before. The server guy tossed that last falafel up in the air and caught it in my pita pocket so that was cool. They offer two types of falafels: sesame or spicy. We ordered both. I liked the spicy one better. Other than that, the stuffings (veggies & etc) were pretty bland. But I do appreciate the fact that this place is vegan AND gluten free :)Overall, this place is cute, has friendly service, but the food itself was only mediocre. I have definitely gotten better falafel elsewhere, but this place is a good 'grab-n-go' thing. I wouldn't mind coming back here again.
Didn't love the first falafel I had from here, but so glad I gave it another try! The falafel is just so delicious! The sauces are great - nice and spicy and make the whole thing perfectly moist. The guys making the food are so friendly and sweet always too - even when there's a line out the door and literally dozens of people waiting. It's so cheap too! The $5 'snacker' size pita is more than enough food for me for lunch. I'm not sure if this is standard or just something special, but the one I got today had French fries in it! I was a little skeptical at first but it was SO good. Overall, just love this place. New favorite lunch spot for sure!
I don't understand why so many yelpers are handing out 5 stars like we're on Oprah. The falafel sandwich was good - but definitely not the best. The construction was well balanced though I wasn't a huge fan of the yogurt sauce (has a banana-ish taste). Service was aloof. It's a pretty good price point though.
I honestly cannot wait to go back to this spot. Finally tried it and was really glad i did. You get to choose between either sesame or spicy falafels, and either a snack (smaller size) or a full pocket. I got the spicy falafel full pocket. The falafel itself was great: freshly fried ( you can tell because they make everything in front of you since the space is about the size of a closet), not dry inside (important), and crunchy on the outside. They serve it on what was the freshest, softest pita bread I've ever had. Its a fluffier thicker pita bread then you usually see around, and they warm them up before packing it with the falafels and toppings. It knocks lavash bread out of the park! like you're biting into a cloud, but it has falafels and awesome toppings in it. They had just about all the toppings you could want, hummus, tomatoes, carrots, hot sauce, cilantro sauce.. so many i lost count. I just ordered it with everything and watched as the guy packed the pits pocket with all the toppings. Everything comes together perfectly. Its actually a really simple idea, but what sets them apart from the many others in SF is the quality of the falafel and pita bread. Its also a great size so it leaves you satisfied. All for under 10 bucks!! (7.61 to be exact). I walked up and there was a line so I ordered just the pocket but noticed they also have banana shakes. I will have to come back to get that! This place is right up there with the Falafel Drive thru in Santa Clara for me. And i'm a very big fan of that place. One note: like i mentioned this place is extremely small, although they do have a small table outside, it fits about 2 people. You can either eat at said small table outside with no seating, or just take it to go (falafel is a street food after all). Its too bad this place isn't closer to where I work or live, otherwise I could definitely see myself hitting this place up regularly.
Literally a hole in wall with delicious smells wafting down Market with two animated, enthusiastic guys making amazing falafel. The place is kinda hard to find but look for the 2 metal tables outside. Also ordering is confusing-- stand in the line on the right, order and then move to line on the left. I ordered the pocket sandwich with spicy falafel and it was freshly prepped with all the toppings I wanted, fried and handed to me in less than 5 min.Unfortunately there really is nowhere to sit so it's best to get it packed. And make sure to grab a fork and tons of napkins b/c you cannot eating this massive sandwich with out making a huge mess. Honestly though, this is one of the best falafel sandwich's I have ever had. So delicious and favorable. Also they are definitely generous with how many falafels and the amount of toppings they stuff in the fluffy pita. Loved every bite and because it was massive, I got to enjoy it for lunch and dinner :)Will for sure by stopping by again whenever I'm in SFO.
Such a great hole in the wall on Market. The line for ordering and pick up is very confusing but other than that, this place is legit. The guys working here are really nice and have the process down to a t. Get the Pocket Sandwich -with the spicy falafel balls and call it a day.
I'm drooling as I'm writing this review right now. Their falafels are THAT good. Granted, I've never had a falafel until trying it here at The Flying Falafel, but I don't think I need to. I would literally jump at any opportunity to come back here. We found this place after the pride parade when we were dropped off near civic center. We danced like maniacs for three hours on our float and burned close to 3000 calories (as I'd like to think) and wanted to stuff our faces. As we walked down market street, anxiously looking for quick food options on Yelp, we found this place. As we approached The Flying Falafel, pita bread came flying from the joint to hungry customers. We saw this and in our minds and our stomachs, nothing sounded better. And you really can't go wrong with carbs no matter the occasion. We stood in line and as we waited looking like hungry hyenas, they threw us some pita bread. We shared a slice of the pita and we were sold. The pita was so soft and fluffy that I couldn't wait to have a whole pocket to myself.I got the full flying falafel pita pocket and asked for spicy. Inside was spicy falafel, pickles, carrots, tomatoes, cabbage, onions, tahini, and hot sauce. The combination was out of this world! The fluffiness of the pita bread, the heartiness of the falafel, the acidity of the pickles, the creaminess of the tahini, the crunchiness of the cabbage, and the spiciness of the hot sauce was just unbelievable. For $7, this is a steal. Especially for the portion as well!If you are in the area, you absolutely need to stop by this place. This place is also vegan so it is a great option for those on that lifestyle!
Vegan. Great Price. Delicious. Great Service. Hole in the Wall. $7 for the Falafel Frisbee and if you can finish 5 balls, you must be hungry! I suggest spending $10 and getting 10 balls so you can eat 3/4ths now and save the rest for later!
It was a sad day in SF when I went to my favorite sandwich shop (name withheld to protect the guilty) and they were out of falafel. Again. As a plant-based eater, that left me few options, plus salivating for falafel. I'd seen Flying Falafel a few times and never gave it much credence until that day. And what a day it was.This place is amazing. Now in my regular lunch rotation. The menu items are HUGE and incredibly tasty. The 3 guys working int about as much space as a VW bug whip through tasty falafel wrap after falafel plate. The line? It's a mess, but totally worth it. Pro tip: order through Yelp and just swim up to the front. You'll get dirty looks, but that's just because they didn't think of ordering online.
I honestly would have never paid this place any attention while I was visiting SF if it wasn't for yelp. I was looking to get a last minute quick bite to eat before exploring the city and this popped up on my feed. Everyone who gave rave reviews to this place was right. The food was really freaking good and I wish I had gotten TWO falafels instead of one. For those who are expecting this to be a fine dinning experience, this is more of a grab and go kinda place. There's a small table outside and that's it. Will absolutely return!
The very definition of hole in the wall. Don't be fooled and don't miss it though! This is some of the best falafel in the city! Epic. Delicious. Genuine. And I'm not even starting to describe it. The falafel is super flavorful and perfectly fried. The pita is a gorgeous and masterfully crafted.Just come here. You'll enjoy it.
Friendly staff, great prices, massive falafel. The flavour and texture on these things is all sorts of wonderful. Well worth the trip down Market!
LOVE IT. The dudes here are awesome and work their butts off to quickly serve up delicious falafels and shakes to a line of hungry people. The place is a total hole in the wall, literally looks like one, but the value offered is second to none!I always get the banana shake and the spicy falafel pita. The spicy pita is not that spicy, and the pockets are stuffed to the brim with a ton of piping hot falafel balls. A great overall value. Not dirt cheap, but solid value.The one thing this place doesn't do right is prepare orders according to the time frames promised by EAT24. I want to have my food ready and waiting to pick up, but even when I show up a solid 5 minutes late, it's never waiting for me. They might do this for it to be freshest, but I'd honestly rather they just have it ready because I am often in a rush. I try to give them slack because they do rock it and are very happy folks.
Hmmm...No more 3 Potato 4? *Sad Face*Its closing was nothing surprising. They never had any business and the guy who ran that stand was a grumpy fart anyway.I'm not the biggest fan of falafels, *gasp..* I know I know...calm down everyone, but I do appreciate that it is vegan friendly!When The Flying Falafel first opened, it immediately got glowing reviews. I put it off of my "to-try" list since I don't enjoy falafels unless I'm in the mood for them.So I decided to wait until I was in the mood for them.3 months later, I still never had any craving or want for falafels.So I decided I would just go here when I was starving instead.I walk up to the tiny closet that is located on Market between 7th & 8th. Only 2 people in front of me. Nice. The owner wasn't in shop, but instead 2 guys who were cheerful and throwing falafels into steaming hot pita pockets.They immediately greeted me and asked if it was my 1st time. I nodded.They suggested the Spicy Falafel over the Sesame one.I got the combo: Pita Pocket with the Vegan Banana MilkshakeYou order on the Ipad, pay with cash or credit, and then choose your toppings on the left.With speed, delicacy, and skill, he grabbed a pita pocket and started scooping falafels in. *1, 2, 3, 4, 5* Then he scooped in an assortment of fresh veggies, hummus, and hot sauce.Then MORE falafel balls! *6. 7. 8.9.* OOPS! One goes Flying into the air! *PLOP* Right into my pocket! Falafels really DO fly here!It was quite impressive how much can fit into one pita.When I received my order, the line was now straight out the door!I happily walked away, juggling my overflowing pita pocket and milkshake.But how does this falafel taste to the girl who doesn't care for falafels?Amazing.The pita so soft and fluffy pairs perfectly with the crispy falafel balls. They are slightly spicy, have a great crunch, but soften once it's in your mouth. The veggies are fresh and the hummus is creamy. Altogether this is one great sandwich.The best part? You get so full off of this! A few times I thought I ate all the falafels, but another one would be buried at the bottom under all the sauce! They really pack it in there!And the milkshake? My yelper friends weren't lying. It was so delicious! It reminds me of a banana horchata. This milkshake is made with fresh bananas, rice milk, and cinnamon. Perfect on the sunny day and a great way to wash down those spicy falafel balls.Will I come back? Definitely. Maybe not soon, because I still never crave it, but much sooner than later.
Ok so maybe if I was in the neighborhood and I wanted a cheap falafel spot, I'd come here. The plate meal is huge and they give you as much sauce as you want. However, the falafel balls are small and have too little hint of greeness. Ok so yeah maybe this means that I get more protein and more fried surface area so I shouldn't complain...What I was really sad about what the disappointing dense baklava.
I'm getting readjusted to this area so food is my #1 search and its not easy to decide where to go. This place has been on my radar so I finally went there today.This place is 1) Delicious 2) a good deal.I got the regular falafel sandwich with everything on it, it hit the spot.I'd never had sauerkraut in a falafel sandwich but it fit in pretty well.It is tiny and they have a small table outside but the sidewalk ambiance around here is iffy so your choice there.
tip: Order on the right , pick up on left. Don't make the mistake of standing in the long line on the left. Order was seamless by walking right up and ordering on the iPad . 1. I had the Flying Falafel Pocket Sandwich with spicy Falafel Ballsamazing! Filling. YumThey have the falafels made just how you like them. Crunchy on outside and moist and delicious on the inside They guys are nice and if the line gets a little long they will start whizzing falafel balls into he crowed as a bonus. This is a crowed pleaser.Keep up the good work you falafel wizards.
I stopped by the flying falafel for a quick bite to eat and ordered the falafel pocket. Upon arriving we stepped in line, waited a few minutes (came 30 minutes to closing) and was told how to order. Their space is very small. It can barely fit the people standing in line. From the register, you can see right into the kitchen where all the food is being made. This place is only good for to go orders. Basically you use their iPad and order what you want. Once we ordered we waited about 15 minutes until we received our order. The area is kind of sketchy. There was a homeless person being beligerant while people were in line. Not drunk or dangerous or anything....just being annoying. I ordered the Flying Falafel Pocket Combo which included the Pocket Falafel (very tasty...falafel balls were perfectly flavored with the perfect crunch), dolmas, and baklava. Although the people at the register wasn't taking each individual order, they were pretty nice. I would probably return if I was in the area for a quick bite.
Friendliest falafel makers ever! They guys here make you feel right at home. I ordered the Spicy falafel pita pocket ($7)... Tastiest falafel balls ever!it wasn't too spicy either. Portion was just perfect to get you craving for more. I would had liked it more if they toasted or warmed up the pita bread, but you can't beat the price and service. I'm a fan for sure and stoked to have this joint just a 5 mins walk from my work!
I went for a late lunch at about 2 p.m.: the line was shorter than it is from 12 to 1:30 I imagine - maybe 2 people before me. As I waited 5 mins to order, I was given a sample of the pita bread: wow, so fresh, great first impression! I thought the 2 cooks/servers were extremely friendly.I ordered the snacker version for 5$ and it was still pretty big, couldn't really tell the difference from the original version. If you don't like spicy food there is a milder sauce and also a good amount of tahini everyone gets anyway - if they want. The falafels were of course fresh, hot and there were about 5/6 of them in the sandwich. Lots of veggies and herbs too you can chose to put in: carrots, cabbage, parsley... The pita bread was hot too as it was just cooked.This place is awesome. Can't wait to come back with my husband - who was totally jealous when he saw the pic of the food :-) Thank you for this great affordable and quick lunch, Flying Falafel.
Walked past here a couple times and immediately added to my bookmarks bc of the massive line outside. Finally stopped by for a late lunch with my best friend, even at an odd hour there was a line we waited patiently and watched the gentleman behind the counter work his magic. This place is tiny tiny , you walk in order, and you can stand outside if there is space if not enjoy your meal among the craziness of market st. We ordered the spicy falafel and it was amazing. All the ingredients were fresh, the sauces were delicious and the best part was the soft pita! I hate chewy pita, this was one of the softest I've had. For all you falafel fans, I personally thought if was better than falafel drive-in in San Jose and probably even better than Mamouns in NYC! The two guys working there were extremely nice and rock at what they do ! I can't wait to bring more friends and family to try it out!
I had really high expectations for the Flying Falafel, considering the fact that I'm a HUGE falafel fan, the ratings are off the charts, it's completely vegan and it has spicy falafel balls. My verdict though was that I was less blown away than expected (hence the three stars). The spicy falafel balls are significantly spicier, which is nice, but other than that, the flying falafel isn't thaaaat amazing. I've had amazing falafel at this place in Davis called Chickpeas where I could add as MANY flavored pickles, onions, red cabbage, carrots and what have you as I want, and drench it with tahini and chilli sauce, and get it with hummus, babaganoush, parsley, tomatoes and cucumber, so compared to that, this wasn't as flavorful. The people working there put all the toppings on there for you, but I guess I could ask for extra hummus next time. There probably will be a next time since I love falafel too much to not come here again, but here's a piece of advice: if you LOVE falafel, come here with so-so expectations, and not super high ones. You'll be more blown away than expected.
I am Egyptian so trust me when I talk about falafel. I was pleasantly surprised that it was really good here. Good mixture of spices. I have seen this place and have been wanting to try it and I finally did. I ordered the falafel plate which was a very generous serving that came with very soft and excellent pita bread. I think they make their own pita. I am glad I tried it.
Walking up to The Flying Falafel while checking in on Yelp I heard someone yell "guy on the phone. Catch!" As I looked up, the owner of the shop tossed a falafel ball at me and then quickly followed it with a piece of pita. This repeated itself for just about every other passerby within throwing distance and resulted in at least a few pieces ending up on the ground around us. The enthusiasm and charisma of the owner made you feel so welcome and comfortable despite being in a rather sketchy part of town.The Flying Falafel is a tiny little shop on Market with a simple operation and a limited menu. You basically have the option of spicy falafels, sesame falafels and Hummous served in either a whole wheat pita pocket or on a plate. This comes topped with a variety of toppings and sauces. You can also combo any of these with some Dolma, Baklava or a Cinnamon Banana smoothie. Overall, the food was pretty good, especially considering the size of their operation. I would probably give this place three stars for the decent quality of the food, but the effort and positive attitude of the staff was just so memorable that I need to bump it up to four. "I'm a fan."
I was all over the place while visiting San Francisco, from local must-tries to fancy-schmancy, multi-course meals. The Flying Falafel was my last bite in downtown before I had to fly out and was, hands down, the most fortuitous whim I could have had. Every single solitary bite of my meal was fresh and flavorful, so add to that impeccable customer appreciation and you can bet money I will be longing for an experience this remarkable in any other city I travel to!The Space Injected into a small chunk of Market St., FF was a perfect choice for my location and the time window I had left. When they get busy I imagine you will see the obligatory "line out the door" any great downtown biz in San Fran. gets, so that can be written off. The interior was clean and the colors were super fun (super pun intended: their logo is a reworked spin on Superman's brand). In the back two guys were hard at work cranking out takeout orders and flinging falafel. They have a tiny bit of table space outside that could be around should you wanna eat in a hurry, but more than likely this will be a grab-and-go experience.The ServiceGiven only two guys were in the place making magic happen I was expecting I might get a little of that "I'm in a hurry but forcing myself to be polite" energy out of a downtown food spot. Polar opposite. I walked in and began to ask questions about the food (currently a vegetarian, I wanted to know more about the cooking process), the options (needed to insure I had hummus...because hummus), and share in my general visitor enthusiasm. The guy fielded every question with a smile and I knew the passion of running a great business well was actively at work. By the time I left, I knew a bit about the background, the owner's story, and even got a sample of the banana shake just because he was excited that I was excited. It was exemplary in every sense of the word.The FoodTheir falafel blew my previous understanding of the beloved food out of the fryer completely: how you can take something fried and starchy, keep it minimal on the oil and heavy on the freshness is beyond me, but, my oh my, how they have done it. My meal was basically a sampler platter of their menu: fantastic falafel balls, lovely local veggies, fresh-baked pita with from-scratch hummus, dolmas, and baklava. The veggies were so crispy, cool, and full of life, pairing perfectly with the warm, crunchy falafel balls of bliss. The entire serving was lightly coated with tzatziki sauce but the spice-lovers will want to get a bit extra of their other, hotter option too. The hummus embodied the essence of "fresh is best": nothing at all like the pseudo-dips you find in chain markets that lean on add-ins to give it any hint of life. Take that, spread generously on slices of warm, fluffy pita, and you might be tempted to get on one knee and propose then and there.I really appreciated the dolmas as well, because I am not big on grape leaves, but cannot undersell how incredible they were. The filling was so creamy and rich with authenticity I gobbled them down despite typically not being a fan. And of course the stand out: their Cinnamon Baklava. I do not know if cinnamon is a traditional ingredient or their brilliant invention, but every bite was a high-flying, flaky, flavor adventure sending me soaring as though I were Lois Lane herself. Get it. Do not think about it, just let that perfectly-balanced blend of sweet, spice, and everything nice sweep you up into its arms and send you to the sky. Final ThoughtsEvery bite of this meal was memorable, even after the parade of places I went to while visiting for several days. Coming here will set the bar for your experience of Mediterranean or, perhaps if you grew up with these foods, be the oasis you have been looking for in the Bay Area. I may have to rely on a plane ticket to ever get this deliciousness again, but at least eating it I felt like I could fly.
After a few weeks, I decided to write this. I went there with co-workers on Feb. 25th. I was horrifically ill until Feb 28th. Only two other co-workers were ill - and they weren't as bad. I had been eating there almost daily, and sadly recommended it. Even looking at the food now posted here creeps me out. I have never had food sickness before and didn't understand what was going on. [I can provide receipts, etc of anything needed].
Question of the day: What are your all-time, top ten favorite foods? Falafel is most definitely on my list, maybe even cracking the top five. Those tasty little balls are a simple yet satisfying savory taste sensation, especially at this location. First impressions: Assaf (the owner) is super sweet. He has that kind of warm smile that just makes you feel better; his kindness is infectious. He greeted me right away, and I felt the urge to hug him (don't worry, I held back). This is a tiny little shop, a sort of falafel hut, with no real seating. It's basically a to-go window, but the food is SO delicious. I ordered the spicy falafel balls on a plate, but said "sure" when I was asked if I wanted bread. Reason number #47 I will never be gluten-free: when offered bread, I always say yes. This is a 100% vegan, soy-free establishment with several gluten free options. The veggies taste crisp and fresh, and everything is very flavorful without being salty or greasy. Major props to this unassuming falafel shop. Make sure you get a sample (I wasn't offered one, and was too shy to ask). I will definitely become a regular here. On my second visit, I think I will opt for the Combo #2: a pita pocket + that infamous banana milkshake I've heard so much about ($11 pre-tax).I noticed that they had a stand at the Very Vegan Sunday event at SoMa StrEat Food Park (every 2nd Sunday of the month), so look for them there! Tell them Brandi W. says hi. Pro-tip: make sure you get some of that hot sauce on the side, or have them throw it on top if you're feeling adventurous. Of course, next time I'm going to ask for more. I like it hot... real hot.
Flying Falafel is one of my favorite quick meals in the city. Everything on the menu is fresh, delicious, and the portions are generous (and under $10 in SF??? amazing!). I will grab a hummus platter or a plate me on my way home and it'll usually last me two healthy meals. Note: the storefront is about 5 feet wide/deep, so get in, order, and get out until they call you. I highly suggest you take food to go. The guys who work there are also really nice, personable guys - be sure to say hi!One sad thing is they've recently taken Tabbouli off the menu. So just falafel, hummus, and sandwiches here.
As I'm standing in line and about to check in on Yelp, Assaf says,Heads up buddy,and then proceeds to fling a falafel at me.(Warning: Flying Falafel really does live up to its name)In one fell swoop, I caught said falafel (and in accordance with the NFL's definition of a catch, clearly established control and then performed a football move thereafter (you feel me Dez Bryant)), finished checking in, and was about to launch Square when I noticed how delicious this spicy falafel was.I got to talking to Assaf and you could tell dude is passionate about food (and by the way, he credits his grandfather for the falafel recipe). He is constantly cooking fresh batches of falafels, talking to folks in line, and yet he still takes the time to make sure the food is presented properly.But what's most telling is that he has a smile on his face and is obviously enjoying what he's doing .As for the food itself,it's super satisfying, tasty, and all those veggies simply have to be good for you.I've had the falafel sandwich (Pocket Sandwich) and the falafel salad (Plate Me) and both are chuck full of premium veggies that all blend nicely together to give varying textures and flavors but still showcase the perfectly crisp and savory falafel.I preferred the salad just because I'm a deconstruction kinda guy.So to close:Flying Falafel is pretty awesome and I will be frequenting it often.
If your in town, than get yo tush over here. These falafels are hawt.Really, they are hot, spicy, and fresh! Stop by and the gentleman by the counter will offer you a free sample. I've had many falafels before and these are by far one of the best. They might even rival a certain place in NYC~ If spicy isn't your thing, than don't worry and get the sesame version. The combo meal is your best bet to try all of their delicious offerings. Your tummy will not be disappointed. If you order the plate, than you will get a plate of hummus, pickled carrots, picked cabbage, pickles, salad, tomatoes, pita, sauces and garish to go with whichever hot balls you decided. If you make it a combo, than you get a slice of baklava and 2 dolmas topped with pickled carrots. Let me tell you- ORDER THE BAKLAVA! It is the most delicious version I've tasted! The flavor...the melt in your mouth sweetness...ah... If your a bit health conscience or need something to wash down your meal, than order their banana milkshake. Made with fresh bananas, rice milk, pecans, and cinnamon- it is pure deliciousness without any guilt!I almost missed this place when I first visited the area. But after searching for vegan restaurants nearby, I came across Flying Falafel and I knew be ordering something here :)
My daughter bought me a Pita Falafel and it was delicious! I have been to the Middle East many times and when I tasted this pita, it took me back to my time there. Great and fresh quality pita, falafel, and sauces!
HUGE pita! Loved all the toppings and flavors, big bang for your buck. Ended up sharing it because it was so big. Bummer that there isn't more standing room because there isn't even a place that's walkable to go eat nearby. Love the small menu and, of course, that's it's vegan
I grew up in Lebanon, where shawarma, hummus, and falafel are practically injected into your blood. So I'm pretty stingy with stars when it comes to authentic Middle Eastern food, especially street food.I expected a hyped sandwich when I lined up to get a taste of the famous Flying Falafel, and I have to say it was a very good bite:- Falafels are freshly fried, you can taste the difference- Choose between regular or spicy, and it is pretty spicy- Super friendly owner, as other reviews have stated- Choose from a plethora of fresh toppings and sauces- Served in a pita pocket. I'm used to a rolled up pita, but this will do- Good price for what you're gettingI will definitely come back here again. Something about freshly fried falafel balls, man...---Distinguishing factor: Hole-in-the-wall joint that proves to the world yet again that freshly-fried falafel is the only way to go
Awesome way to get a quick vegan bite in the Market Street Area. Delicious falafel, and a fair size wrap for a fair price. It was made right in front of me, so I know I'm getting fresh food.
Love it. Generous & delicious potions. I wish there was some seating nearby but that's my only comment
The menu is straightforward, but it doesn't quite reveal the amount of food they will shovel out for you. I ordered falafel balls and they heaped on the veggies - it was great! We did have to wait a while, but we weren't in a hurry so it was alright.With that said, it didn't taste great, although I believe that could be a personal taste palette issue and not an issue with the food itself. For a healthy, cheap meal, this is a stop I'd recommend.
I'm not a falafel guy; I don't really get it. But this place looked fresh and different - had to give it a try.The Spicy Pocket w extra sauce was insanely good. Super fresh veggies crunch at every bite, surprisingly filling but light, and falafel so strong it's like a punch in the face - a middle-eastern salad wrap with huge flavors and spices.While I probably won't convert to Islam; I now believe in The Flying Falafel.Thanks guys
The first time I walked by this place, my boyfriend stretched out his arm and a worker through a falafel at him. My boyfriend caught it and shared the treat with me. FREAKING AWESOME FIRST IMPRESSION. What other business does that?! It's refreshing to see workers who enjoy their job and have fun at work like at the Flying Falafel. (It's also refreshing to see a restaurant name that actually matches their business.)This is a really suitable place if you want yummy vegan food that will fill up your belly at a fair price. It's a small little booth with 1 bench to sit on, but no worries since you can walk around SF and munch on your falafel wrap. I'd recommend grabbing a fork so you don't spill and napkins for when you do :P
This place deserves a 5 star rating for sure. Although the place is small, the flavor is HUGE. I've been wanting to try this place out for a while since I've always seen the long lines out to the street for this place it has definitely peaked my curiousity. Luckily I came here on a Friday at around 1:30pm and there was no line. To order, you simply go up to their iPad and touch all the food you would like to order on their menu. It will direct you to the bill and you can pay with cash or credit. Be sure to tip! They are way friendly here. They'll call your name when your pita is ready to be filled and they'll ask if you want everything and you can pick choose what you want. Fillings include: carrots, saurkraut, cucumbers, tomatoes, lettuce and pickles. Also there are 4 different sauces including hot sauce, tahini, a garlic-cilantro tahini sauce and a spicy mango? (I think- it was mango something) While he was filling my Pita, he asked me if I it was my first time and asked me about my day. It's always nice to have a pleasant conversation with someone especially for a take out place! two thumbs up for sure! I got the spicy falafel pita pocket with everything in it and it was out of the world. So many different flavors and textures but nothing overwhelmed. And the portion is huge! I was soo full afterwards. I will definitely be back for more!
I pass by the Flying Falafel every day going to work but yesterday was the first time I had time to try it out. Overall, these guys serve a very tasty falafel pocket. For $7, a full pocket is very filling. The only other size you can get is their half which is $2 cheaper. My issue with falafel balls is that sometime they are too dry, or that they can taste very heavy. I had none of these complaints when I had the falafels here. The amount of sauce and veggies that are in this pocket balance out the falafel nicely. Would I come here again? Definitely! The only thing holding me back from giving this place a 5 star is the amount of time that I had to wait to get my falafel pocket. I can't really fault Flying Falafel for taking a long time because there's only one person working, but it was just slightly frustrating that I had to wait 25 minutes to get my food when there were only 4 people ahead of me in line. If there's a line, come back another time.
This place has more than likely ruined any other falafel I will have for a very long time. I've been spoiled.Like many other posters have stated, it's a literal hole in the wall. The location is a little sketchy but the food is so worth the trip.It's ~$8 for a whole falafel pocket that's bursting at the seams with tasty goodness. I'll be back as soon as I can.
Really tasty and cheap lunch in mid-market. I had the snacker for $5 and it was definitely enough food for lunch. I went after the busy lunch hour and didn't have to wait in line BUT it did take 10 minutes + for the sandwich which I thought was sort of weird since there wasn't a line and it didn't seem like they were actively making orders. It looked like they were making small batches of falafel balls in the fryer so that was the bottleneck.My barometer for greatness was Mamoun's Falafel in New Haven/NYC and I have to say it wasn't Mamoun's good but it was still delicious and you can't beat the price! Service was kind and they take credit cards! I really want to try the banana milkshake and baklava next time.I know they take online orders too so I will probably do that next time so I don't have to wait.
I'm middle eastern so I've had bomb falafels; home made and restaurant made. This place is amazingly delicious. Portion is a great size - I'm a big guy with a matching appetite and the pocket wrap filled me up. What to get: flying falafel pocket sandwich with everything on it. I also got 10 extra falafels. It was very savory and good, definitely very unexpected. Coming back here for sure and bringing people next time I come through SF
Get the Flying Falafel with everything, extra spicy, and you'll be set. As far as falafels go, these guys have got their craft down. The falafel is fresh; tender on the inside and crisp on the outside. Their home-made pita is soft and aromatic, really delicious. The fixin's taste garden-fresh and put the flavor over the top.Service is friendly, quick and profesh. Pro-tip: Call and order in advance, this place is as tiny as they say.
This place is a cute hole in the wall restaurant not far from downtown and city hall! Because it is a hole in the wall, there is very limited seating (there is only one table outside, that seats about 4-5 people) but overall the food here is what makes this place awesome! Ordering:You place your order via the iPad on the counter. If it's not busy, the worker would place your order for you, otherwise you would have to read the instructions on the screen and place your order! Food:The thing that I liked most about this place is the variety (and choices) of vegetables you get in your falafel sandwich! Most other falafel establishments I been to only have lettuce, sauce and falafels in their sandwiches, but this place lets you have the options of having pickles, carrots, cucumbers, etc. In addition, they have two types of falafels to chose from: spicy and sesame. I also ordered the banana shake which costed about $5. Just a warning though, the banana shake is not pure banana and milk, but it also contains hint of cinnamon and oatmeal. Service: The service was great! Workers were nice and at one point I even saw them offer half a pita bread as a sample to another customer. Service was a little slow, but it was completely understandable since the other worker went on break.
Ultimate deja vu moment to my time in the Middle East. Excellent spicy falafel with an impressive array of toppings to compliment the delicious pita (and falafel of course). The place had about a 20 minute wait during lunch on a weekday, and is literally a hole in the wall - but those are always the best in the city! I got the "snack" size and found it very filling - about 3/4 falafel balls inside the pita and lots of toppings. I will be back again for sure.
This place kicks ass. Right next to school. I get the hummus and falafel plate. Healthy and tastes great. The price is beyond reasonable. $5 dollars for the hummus plate a la carte. Flying falafel gets 5 stars. Good to go.
Spicy falafel pocket and a banana milkshake. Boom.I was craving some serious hummus and falafel hard, so I decided to "go my own way" a la Fleetwood Mac on Tuesday during CM week. Up Market I went to the Flying Falafel (located at 1051 Market). It took me a second and I had to backtrack because I'm not a local, but I eventually found this tiny, hole in the wall joint.Don't let the size fool you; this place is the jam, you guys.How it works: Order on the right (get in line, buster) via a self-serve terminal, pickup on the left. Don't forget to give 'em a name for the order!The spicy falafel was incredible - so much so that I wish I had extra stomachs like a cow to be able to eat more of it - and the banana milkshake was also on point... what was in there, garam masala? Anyways, go. It's great. Really great. I'd go back if I could.
Best falafel in town. Step 1: queue up in the line to the right and order the pocket falafelStep 2; wait in pickup line on the left and get the awesome pocket with everything. If you like it hot have them layer your falafel
Banger. Authentic. Instant Favorite. A vast array of adjectives flew into my head after taking my first bite here. Hands down one of the best pieces of grub I've had since moving to the city.The Spot: It's the greatest embodiment of a "hole in the wall" that I have seen thus far in the bay. There is no seating inside, and there are about two stools outside. If you go at prime lunch hours during the weekday then make sure you stock up on patience because the line will be out the door. It's right in the middle of Market St, so I usually get my food and walk to the steps of the library to sit and eat it.The Service: Assaf (the founder) is the nicest guy you can find at noon when the entire city is hungry. They're very efficient for usually just two people at most actually making the food. I've never had a problem with an order, and almost all my interactions with the cashier/cooks have started and ended with smiles.THE FOOD: My oh my. Everyone talked hype about the San Francisco food scene before I moved here. I wasn't impressed much in my first few weeks...but then I had the Spicy Falafel Pocket. I've eaten copious amounts of falafel in my life, especially in my travels through the Middle East. This was on another level. This tasted even better than a perfect falafel sandwich should taste. The hint of spice in the falafel superbly complimented the toppings, sauce, and hummus. The pita was fluffly and contained the ingredients well. Every bite was full of flavor, and the last bite teases you to buy another.My review in five words: Stop reading, go eat here.
Every falafel lover needs to come here. Order a lot because 10 was not enough for me. Granted I shared it w/ my kiddo but as you can see, even he liked it! The falafels are small and it is hard to enjoy it like French fries because I like to dip it in hot sauce and Tzatziki sauce but since it was cold and I did not want Gavin to be standing in one spot for me to fulfill my first world problems, I decided to grab what I can and got moving. Friendly service. I love the self-pay system. Wish there was a decent falafel place here in Santa Cruz but unless you want seafood and Mexican food, be prepared to be stumped in regards to other cuisines.
found this place on Yelp and to use the word "literal" in the exact form it should be used. It is LITERALLY a hole in the wall. about 10' x10' on Market between Union Square and Twitterverse.Arrived around 5:30 pm and I was only 1 of 3 people in line. I ordered a small falafel with 1/2 spicy balls and 1/2 regular. While I waited - they insisted on making "fresh balls" they gave me one of the older balls just sitting there - it was still quite hot and yummers. they also gave me a sample of their freshly baked and warm pita bread.I took my sammy to go and ate it on the street. It was better than Falafel Drive in - in San Jose, which for me is the gold standard.The small (I think it is technically called a "snacker") is a perfect sized sandwich.I wish it were either closer to my house or closer to my office.
I love me some falafel! In fact, my first ever Yelp list was dedicated to the search for the perfect deep fried chickpea ball. I had tried Flying Falafel a year or more ago at the Concord Farmer's Market. I was not impressed at all. I didn't even bother to review them since I hoped I received an "off" batch of balls that day.Perhaps I did because just a short while later, the Flying Falafel has it's own SF brick and mortar. Falafel's are flying from this minuscule, definition of "hole in the wall". I walked up and nearly passed by this place if it wasn't for the line of techie hipsters standing out front.The ordering process was slightly intimidating. Most everyone in line was a regular it seemed. They all walked up to the self service Square machine where a cashier would normally be and ordered away. I'm usually technologically inclined but on this day I fumbled with the machine like grandpa trying to use an iPad to surf for porn for the first time. I wasn't even quite sure what I ordered.Once you're done, just wait in the second line until your name is called. I suggest using something more unique if your name happens to be common as I wasn't the only "John" standing in line that day.It turns out I ordered the full Falafel plate. The super friendly owner, perhaps recognizing my n00bness, jammed my plate full to the point I could barely close the lid. The included pita bread was so moist and soft, some of the best I've had. The hummus was good, but kinda skimpy portion. I'm sure you could ask for more but I didn't. Everything else was full of flavor. The falafel itself was perfectly fried goodness. I think I got "spicy" balls but they were not spicy at all. Still good but ask for extra hot sauce if you really need it to burn.Not knowing when I would ever get a chance to return, I went buckwild and ordered a Banana shake and a Cinnamon Baklava. I never get to eat baklava since it's usually made with gobs of butter. Not here, as everything is Vegan. This was so good that I would consider ordering party tray of this to last me a week! The banana shake while tasty, was more smoothie than shake. Nothing wrong with that. Just not what I was expecting. It didn't really go with the Falafel but was good on it's own. Everything is to go as there are no seats. There's not really anywhere around here I could see myself eating. The prices are decent which would make me go out of my way to pick up food. Hope to see them expand back to The Mission one day. As it stands, this will be an out of the way treat to have every now 'n again.
The falafels here are very flavorful! the guy who makes them hands out samples while you wait for the order. Lots of food for lunch, the baklava was delicious too! The are can be quite sketcy it is the tenderloin after all. But this is one of the few spots that I dont mind walking to get my falafel fix.
Pita is AWESOME. Seriously loved how flavorful the falafels are because those can be a hit-or-miss, and these knocked it out. Loved all the toppings (veggies) and sauces, especially the spicy sauce! It had a major zing to it that brings the pita together. Get the half-pita and it's good enough size to walk with and enjoy while wandering around the city.The guys are super friendly and the music is loud and unexpected. I was there on Saturday at around lunchtime and it was not Reggaton/Latin music, but Rock/Metal/Rap. Strange? Sure. But that's what made this an interesting experience.At $5 for a half-pita, this quick bite will have you craving for more falafel.
HOLY FALAFELS!!! Best I have had so far!!! The EndOverall ThoughtsThis hole in the wall delivers across the board (value, flavor, texture, portion, etc)
This place has the most amazing falafel Ive ever had, Fresh ingredients and super friendly customer service. Got pretty full and decently priced. Highly recommend
who doesn't like tater tots? especially ones with macros as good as these(chickpeas = protein right?) these bite sized crunchy goodness are the real deal! this hole-in-the-wall serves up a delicious combination of falafels, hummus, tomatoes, cucumbers, pickles, and a creamy tahini sauce in a pita pocket or on a bed of lettuce. every bite is bursting with flavor. don't be deterred by its surroundings, it only adds to the whole experience. eat outside if you can grab a stool and observe the city's eccentricity.
You can honestly taste the love in the falafels! I made my way here after Yoga In The Cathedral about a 15 minute walk on Taylor Street and found this hole-in-the-wall vegan and gluten free food gem. The Plate Me Up comes with all my favourite things in life: an assortment of vegetables, sauerkraut, pickles, hummus and crispy warm felafel bites for $8 this is truly a pleasure and an absolute bargain. I ate perched on the small table outside (only room for 6 people) and watched SF street life go by. The owners are so welcoming and friendly, and I feel I want to come back just to visit them (and eat more delicious falafel of course!) Be mindful of 8.30pm closing time as quite a few people arrived late and threw their hands up in disappointment. I felt their pain, it would truly suck to miss out on The Flying Falafel!
I have never had a falafel before so I gave it a try.It's a tiny place on Market St. With 2 nice guys.It tried the traditional sesame falafel balls with ingredients.Everything was fresh and well made but I wasn't keen on the falafel taste. If you like falafel this would be the place to get it. They have spicey balls too and other options.
This is a really great place to eat! Their falafels are loaded with fresh veggies, and they give you a nice bang for the buck. The spicy falafel I ate was delicious, the service was quick and courteous, and they played some nice music, some Latin and some Reggae.All in all, this a great place to eat, but they only have one outside table, as it is a street side restaurant. It is more of a to-go joint,not a sit down place where you get served. The area can get sketchy, don't go there to impress your date!
This place is bomb.com! Pretty close to my work so I decided to check it out since I was craving something Mediterranean. I was very pleased with the customer service as well as the food. Got samples of the pita and the falafel balls as we were waiting for our order.I got the flying falafel pocket sandwich with spicky falafel balls which was AHMAZEBALLS. Definitely coming back for more!
Great food and incredible service!It's a small hole in the wall place on Market and would be easy to miss except for the fact that there are always so many people outside the joint. The employees are wonderfully helpful and pleasant. It was our first time visiting The Flying Falafel and they took their time explaining the selections and chatting with us. I also noticed they were interactive with the other customers and even gave away samples of the falafels and pita bread.Limited seating so best to grab and go although there are a few chairs outside if you're inclined to stay and enjoy.
A little slice of falafel heaven on Market St. This place is the bomb!! Super friendly staff, delicious falafel, hummus and fresh pita. Yes. Just yes.Love that the staff tosses around fresh falafels to entertain the line since there's usually a bit of a wait around lunch and dinner. Worth it though, this place is great!Their menu options strike me as a little weird since really your choices should be whether you want falafels/hummus in a pita or on a plate...the number of "plates"/"frisbees"/"..." on the menu that have various ratios of falafels to hummus seems a little unnecessary (is this a mind trick designed for the indecisive??) but once someone explains the ropes you're good to go.Outdoor seating score: 3 - it exists!! Market St ambiance vs taking it to go is your call :)
UPDATE: I got a nice message from the owner and he says that the hummus saucer usually comes with two pieces of bread, so my order was just a mistake. :)I am officially falafelized! And according to The Flying Falafel's website, I should be! I ordered delivery via Eat24Hours.My 4-star review can mainly be attributed to the restaurant's use of organic ingredients, the healthy quality of the food, and its vegan-ness. This is how I eat at home. I ordered the Spicy Flying Falafel Pocket, the Hummus Saucer, and the Banana Milkshake. I found the food to be rather bland and definitely not the most flavorful falafel and hummus I have had. But the high quality ingredients and piles of veggies made me feel good about eating it. I feel like I had a healthy meal. I don't feel gross or sluggish, which is a good thing. The vegan banana milkshake -- OMG -- get this!!! It is so flavorful and satisfying -- and very healthy. I am not a big dessert eater, and at home if I want something sweet, I usually reach for fruit. So, it seems the vegan banana milkshake was made just for me. :DTip: You will need to order extra pita with the Hummus Saucer. I'm a little disappointed that it only came with one piece of bread. Had I known I would have ordered some extra. No biggie -- at least I know for the next time. After eating my food from The Flying Falafel, I felt like I had eaten a meal prepared by myself at home -- healthy, fresh, and vegan. While I'm not super impressed by the flavor of the food, I would come back here on days when I want to eat healthy, which is most days.
I've eaten a lot of falafel in my 21 years as a vegetarian (with vegan preferences) and this place has THE BEST hands down! The falafels are not too big, not too small and are loaded with flavor. They are lightly fried to perfection, so you don't have to worry about them being too hard and tearing up your mouth when you bite into your pita pocket. You have the option of mild or spicy; both very very flavorful. The guys working this little gem are extremely friendly (Jason & Joshua were holding down the fort when I stopped by) and offer you tastes of stuff so you know what you're getting yourself into.- which is all kinds of deliciousness! The banana shake is fresh and made frozen bananas rather than ice cream, so you can have your shake without the guilt. Lastly, their baklava is to die for! Typically baklava is made with butter, their vegan take on this crispy, flaky dessert is spot on! Not too sweet, with a touch of cinnamon and very very flaky! You have got to stop by this place! It's conveniently located near Powell Bart. Do it!!!
Assaf and the team at Flying Falafel are amazing people. I really love going there just to say hi to these guys. Super genuine attitudes and genuine food. I'm vegan and so is Flying Falafel. I'm lucky I work a block away. I'm here at least twice a week to grab a Plate or Pocket. Super delicious and priced to make anyone happy. Love, love, love, love, love.
I'm a spice fiend and the spicy falafel is probably on the mild side. But it is still delicious and savory. Falafel balls can tend towards being too dry but they were crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. However. If you come around 7 to 8 pm even if the line appears short... know that it can take a while to get your order due to the eat24 orders and the large call in orders. To their credit, they offer free bites while you wait.
Stumbled on this place from the great smell and line. Really glad I did. The falafel and cinnamon baklava were great.  The line moved quickly and the food was really good. Will definitely go again.
The dudes here are so gosh darn generous. Like extra cucumbers or cabbage? They've got you covered! We waited for a few minutes so they handed us piping hot and pillow soft pieces of pita to pass the time. I ordered the falafel plate and was quite pleased with what what I received: tons of veggies, falafel, spicy chili sauce, tahini and a bag of pita to round it all out. Everything they serve at the The Flying Falafel is vegan and I didn't see any offerings beyond the single digit $ mark. I'll probably opt for the plate again and maybe pair it with a banana shake.The Flying Falafel is a walkup storefront in a stretch of Market that's still quite colorful. There's a tiny spot where you could stand to eat your falafel but I recommend taking it somewhere a shade more comfortable.
I have already been here multiple times over the past month. Their falafel sandwiches are amazing, I usually get the spicy one. What adds to the whole experience, is the warmth and friendliness of their staff. A must try !
Flying Falafel left me speechless. It's a total bare-bones, hole-in-the-wall place, with no area to sit and only one guy running the shop.Just order the falafel pita pocket with all the fix-ins... And don't ask questions. Oh and don't forgot to order the random yet delicious banana milkshake, made with fresh bananas, rice milk, cinnamon, and pecans. I wouldn't recommend ordering a falafel plate unless you are taking it back to work/home to eat because it's hard to eat a plate while standing up on Market street.Just thinking about the fluffy homemade pita and crispy falafel is making my mouth water. Can't wait to go back!
Flying Falafel first timer.The location is a hole in the wall... literally. It's almost like a recessed stall in between two building with a full kitchen. Ordering you just walk up and input your selections on an iPad. Once you choose and finalize you swipe your own card and pay if you are going that route in payment. The staff, two people, assisted in ordering as they were frantically churning out orders. The kitchen area is tiny. How they get their orders out timely is a wonder as no more than two people can fit in there. There are no seats in the location but plenty of eating room on the sidewalk of Market Street. LIttle hectic with the "crazies" roaming outside but it wasn't bad. The food made it worth it. The falafel was really good. They were like toasted and a little crunchy on the outside but the inside of the nugget was really good. When you watch them throw it all together you question the quality but once you bite into it all that goes out the window and the food speaks for itself. It's really a must try if you are a falafel person. They portion is great and the ingredients fresh. Really enjoed it.
Vegan and gluten-free. Oh my! These falafels will rock your world! For the first time I really enjoy the authentic taste of falafels. I know this for a fact as I grew up in the middle east and I can recognize the different tastes of falafels. The chef uses very distinct spices that really make these falafels taste unique and extremely good!The entrepreneur chef and his guys here are very friendly. They throw a falafel at you and you have to catch it with your mouth open. :-)This small business needs support so it can grow. I wish they can move to a bigger place in a nicer area of the city so they can serve more customers.I am now a regular of this place and will never stop eating these amazing falafels.
I will put all my Yelp credibility on the line when I say that this place has the best tasting falafel sandwich in America, period. The location is sketchy, so bring pepper spray, but it's worth it! Insider tip: Be sure to pour on the Amba sauce!
Simply the best-location taste:style-price-5 star is not enough-this place is must-the lines sometimes a lil long-how ever good things come -that those that wait-
Sketchy neighborhood, but food is inexpensive, super fresh, and delicious.We were entertained by a man standing in front of the liquor store across the street who was wearing some large parachute/garbage bag tracksuit and harassing people as they walked by.Anyway, there is one table outside, so this is more of a grand-and-go sort of affair, but the falafels are so crispy and hot
Thank you yet again yelp! I have a major weakness for all things falafel, hummus and pita, so when I yelped food places for my upcoming SF trip and found this place I was sold. When we got there we were greeted by a 'ready? catch!' as a piece of warm pita was thrown at us, which I managed to catch and omg it was incredible. I decided to order the hummus plate as the pita pocket didn't come with hummus, but the hummus plate didn't come with falafel so I added on 10 for $5, making my order a giant plate of hummus, veggies, pita, hot sauce and falafel for only $10!! Amazinggggggg.I only have one more day in SF and am planning to come back tomorrow for lunch. They also have a neat ordering system of ordering and paying yourself on the iPad on the counter which is cool. Do yourself a favour and come get some awesome falafel!!!
A great hole in a wall, to go, to share, to take home food!You must have time and patience when you order as it is a small place that is operated by 1 or 2 people. (I still consider it fast service as there only so much 1 person with 2 fryers can do.) You also must come early if you want all the options on the menu. Spicy Falafel is the best!The pita pocket is full of flavors in a bite and can be shared with another and will still leave you full.
It's good! It's cheap (by SF standards)! And best of all, the owner here is SUPER friendly! This is the kind of local small business that makes me want to return time and time again to support them.I just went for the first time today. It's a tiny takeout window in the middle of the not-so-nice stretch of Market. I walk in, and the owner greets me very welcomingly, and asks if it's my first time here. When I said yes, he gave me a free falafel and a piping hot pita bread to sample. Both were delicious! I ordered the falafel pocket, and just had a nice enjoyable chat with him while he made my order.The falafel pocket was delicious. It's packed full of flavorful falafel that is actually not dry like other falafel joints in SF. The toppings and sauces inside are all delicious as well.I'll definitely be returning here over and over again!
The guys running this place are extremely fun to interact with and let you customize your food to kingdom's end without making you feel bad. This little store front is meant for take out, falafel everything. Falafel plate, falafel frisbee, falafel pocket. I tried the falafel plate and the falafel frisbee and conclude that they are composed of the exact same things: falafel, hummus, and veggie toppings. The falafel plate just has more veg (lighter) and the frisbee has more hummus (more indulgent).You can also just buy 10 falafel balls for $5.They also sell a banana shake that sounded good, but didn't get a chance to try. Foot traffic only and almost no seating besides four stools, but it's still worth it!
This is an amazing falafel: moist, spicy and still some crunchy layer. Pita and accoutrements are outstanding as well. Ask for extra spicy sauce if you're into that sort of thing like myself. Great value with perfect texture and balanced flavor. Protip: people are waiting in line for pickup, not to order. There's a self order tablet on the right side of the entrance. Make sure to input your order THEN wait - otherwise you'll be sorely disappointed.
What!? Vegan amazingness!!!! Small tiny place full of amazing flavor. I'm not vegan, but I absolutely love this place!!!!
The perfect falafel pita. It is not possible to make one better! Falafel comes out piping hot and is baked, not fried. Their pita is made right there and is WHOLE WHEAT. Can you believe it? Whole wheat pita! Amazing. Also, their toppings are chopped up very tiny so they can perfectly arrange toppings inside the pita so as to balance every bite with a mix of falafel and toppings. Seriously not possible to make a better falafel. They have perfected it. Kudos.
Really tasty falafel, just passed by this place and at first I was not sure if this is the place, because the area is a bot sketchy, but the food is worth for :)Have the spicy pita falafel with all the fresh veggies and humus inside and you will be surprised!
The store front was super tiny but cute! When it gets busy the line gets very inefficient (I'm guessing there's supposed to be one line for ordering/paying and the other for pick up, but the store is too small for that to work well so everyone just bunches up outside and it's easy to mistake the waiting to pick up people for the waiting to order people).The pita bread was super delicious, even when I couldn't finish it and had to reheat it the next day (all though more dry the next day, of course). Everything inside was also delicious, but next time I will not go for the spicy sauce (or I'll ask for less of it), cause it was so spicy I couldn't finish eating the pita, which was soaked with it on the inside. ):
Flying Falafel ROCKS.Despite the sketchy neighborhood (I thought mid-Market was being gentrified), get yourself over to Flying Falafel for one of the best falafel pitas in all The City.This is a bare bones joint: no chairs, no stools; just order and eat standing at a table on wheels on the sidewalk. One does not go to Flying Falafel for ambiance, but rather for the incredibly tasty falafel and freshly made pita.The owner / chief falafel maker is funny, the tunes are awesome, the pita is fresh, the falafel are tasty. The spicy option is pleasantly piquant, but not overly hot. The mango salsa is the bomb.There is no reason why you shouldn't visit Flying Falafel if you are hungry and happen to be in mid-Market.
I was impressed with the 5-star rating and 74 reviews that Flying Falafel received. So I had to try it. Here's my opinion...Food: super fresh, great quality. Since they advertise that all their items are vegan-friendly, I assume their yogurt sauce is dairy-free (???) Their falafel balls are on the small side but nice crunchy exterior, soft flavorful inside. Service: super friendly. Food preparation: a little slow depending on when you go but it's made to order so be patientValue: you will be full at under $10... I went with the falafel frisbee - 10 balls and they threw in a couple of pita slices to boot. $10.90 after tax = SATISFIED!!!Only drawback for me is the distance from my office. A bit of a trek for me so I'll have to save it for strong craving days.
What can I say? One of the best Falafel I ever had. Hummus is also great! The guys were very friendly and had a great taste in music. Excellent for a quick bite!
One potato, two potato, three potato four...hey, wait, where did he go? The French fry guy that served nothing but fries. I respect an operation who specializes, but offering one kind of item appeared a bit limiting even though he offered a variety of sauces as well as soup and chili as accompaniments. I wish the potato guy well, but the recent switch in ownership was probably for the best because you can now have a full-fledged Mediterranean meal from this closet of a space (photo: bit.ly/1D9DkxJ). I walked up and was immediately greeted by the perennially sunny Assaf, the new owner who was more than happy to give me a complimentary falafel ball, warm from the oven and with a kick of spice. There's no place to sit here, but what they hell?Fortunately, I live close by, so I made an ambitious order to go. Hey, I skipped lunch at work, so stop judging me. First up was his house specialty, the $7 Flying Falafel Pocket Sandwich, quite an ample pita pocket, nicely warmed and spread wide open for at least a quartet of spicy falafel balls nesting atop a salad mix liberally dressed (photo: bit.ly/1AqQbhB). Quite delicious and the fresh warmth of the balls really made them taste like sugarless donut holes. And that's a good thing. I then tried the $5 Dolma Rice Wraps, a zesty appetizer of five dolmas wrapped in grape leaves and topped with a bit of shredded carrot (photo: bit.ly/1LF3ezT). Tasty though a tad too oily for my taste. Somehow I just can't pass up hummus when I'm in a Mediterranean setting, so I decided to try the $5 Hummus Saucer.It turned out to be a generous serving of hummus topped with sauteed vegetables and accompanied by warm pita (photo: bit.ly/1DSG4Dv). Usually I'm fine with plain hummus, but the extra texture of the vegetable bits made it more of an entree than I expected. I really should have stopped there. That was plenty enough food, but $2 for Cinnamon Baklava seems too absurdly cheap not to have as a sweet tooth satisfier (photo: bit.ly/1DnPeqn). It was a sweetly crunchy slice of baklava with a multitude of pastry layers uniquely sprinkled with cinnamon. Yep, I went overboard, and if I was wiser, I should have just gone for a combo meal that would have given me a sampler of almost everything. But hey, it's soy-free, vegan and mostly gluten-free. So what's to complain? Especially with Assaf's friendly disposition. I mean the guy wears a T-shirt that says "Official Baller" (photo: bit.ly/1vxIAxq). How can you refuse service from a guy like that?FOOD - 4 stars...Mediterranean fast food, really well executed, especially the falafel balls and the hummusAMBIANCE - 2.5 stars...uhhh, it's a closetSERVICE - 4 stars...he's an official ballerTOTAL - 4 stars...Assaf has a good thing going here, so check out his balls
A small charm on dirty Market street ,The falafel was great pita bread stuffed with all the goodies toped with yummy tahini Staff very friendly and they will give you a fast service with a smile.If you are a falafel lover this place is a must try.Shalom
A decent food option on a Sunday night when it seems every other restaurant in my neighbourhood closes down. The falafels are great, but the pita and toppings are not as good as Liba Falafel truck. At least it's cheaper. I might try the dolmas and cinnamon baklava next time.
Yum! Best falafel yet. This place serves up fresh hummus and delicious flagella sandwiches. A must try.
Great flavor and kind employees, the wait is awkward but worth it!
This is one of my favorite place to grab a bite. Quick service, sweet people and great food!! I love the sauces. It's vegan but tastes nothing less. Super reasonable, super delicious, super creamy. It's a win win place for your wallet and taste buds. I would definitely recommend everyone :-)
100% Vegetarian restaurant. I got the spicy falafel pita pocket which was pretty decent . Order came out in about 10 mins. There is no place to sit and there were some random people outside the store yelling which did make me feel a little uncomfortable...
made to order, spicy falafel pocket, gluten friendly. lots of toppings including sauerkraut. fresh veggies with cucumbers, tomato, grated carrots and nice falafel balls.
Very fresh and filling! Where else can you get a huge plate of food in San Francisco for less than$10?! This is definitely a must try place!
YUM! Excellent price point, truly delicious, flavorful, fresh, and they serve your order pretty quickly (if you go during non-rush hours). The storefront is very small and it's just staffed by two people so I can see lines building up during lunch or dinner time. The only unpleasant thing about Flying Falafel is the somewhat sketchy people you might encounter on your walk to and back.
One of the best falafel sandwiches I've had. It's been a while since I've eaten at Taim in NYC (my favorite) so hard to compare but its def up there. Plus it was their 1 year anniversary and the gave me some free dolmas and baklava!
Good food if you order in person. It's bothersome there's no crowd control here. People tend to pile in and the crew is too busy to politely ask people to move out of the way and let paid customers grab their order. Come during non lunch hours if you want to get your food to go. I'd ask that the crew manage the crowds better. Maybe then I'll change my rating.
Time: 11:53am/57F intermittent cloudPurpose: Wanted a snack size of those baked potato wedges. Sidewalk cut out has a spot, its not for any kind of vehicles to park. Its more for big truck with two axles and at least 6 wheels. Didn't matter for me, I have official vehicle with official press card on dash anyways. Walkup and thought I was in wrong shop, shake off cobwebs wait! This is the right place but? Hahhhh!Ambiance: Shoe box size hole in wall shop. When the former 3 potato 4 left much of the furnishings were inherited by FF. The yellow/blue colors still remains the same along with the cut out tweeter size hole planter box use for putting your cone fries remains same. Almost everything that the previous business use is still pretty much still intact. Gone are the potato menu or anything to do with potato.Staff: One man operation here. Later I learn he was the owner. I walk in before 5 seconds lapses I was given a small falafel ball for sampling. Not half or quarter but, a whole round jawbreaker size. Later another sample of their pita bread was handed over. I'm standing there stuffing myself helplessly watching him make all of it from scratch. Assaf I think that's his name was asking how is it? I couldn't answer back but, plumb two thumbs up to show appreciation.Cleanliness: Grade A, impeccable. Posted health score of 98 shown on paper posted in public view. Assaf wears glove when dealing with food and takes it off when dealing with money handling.Eats/Drinks: Full falafel pocket $7. I was so impressed with the soft warm pita bread on the steamer machine. There is certainly nothing artificial filler here. I watch my pita transform into a flying falafel. Assaf puts cabbage, pickled dill, tomato, carrot all chopped up and line the top of pocket with about 5-6 falafels. follow be a squirt of the special sauce. Each bite was full of flavor without a bland tasting part. The falafel balls itself is a treat as you can order just that in a snack size.That's right wrap tightly and aim high in air this thing can take off on you. Kids be careful don't play with your food. Products/Services: Flying falafel pocket sandwich, plate me, hummus saucer, falafel frisbee, tabbouleh, dolma rice wraps, combo meals, cinnamon baklava, banana milkshake. Delivery/catering available. On-site cooking, 100% soy free, 100% vegetarian, GF options. Punch Lines: Friendly, new business, takes over location of 3 potato 4, takes plastic, unlimited samples, loyalty card, accessible by Bart/Muni, hard to find parking, seedy area, better than your average, pleasing flavors, inexpensive, drool worthy, well seasoned, special bargain, superb, budget watchers, personable staff, devotees, well prepared, light bites, best cheap eats around, always a home run, truly addictive, worth the wait, shoe box size, interesting takes, crowd pleasing, place to be, impeccable service, unpretentious, more than adequate, engaging, satisfactory.Tradeoffs: You'll get close to home made falafels here without the high price mark ups in grocery stores. Everything is made on site cook to order, as fresh as possible.Final Thoughts: Not much to say here. This is how I see it, sometimes a change for the better can work like wonder. Now it may not be for everyone but, Assaf took the chance and now spot is consider best falafel in the union square area. I came for something that I had in the past and left with a new craving of a new business. It feels like it has pick up where it left off only different offerings. I really like the falafel here versus rainbow grocery were, I usually get it from. Let's hope FF sticks around and perhaps expand to other areas. Flying falafel sounds intresting may ne one day Assaf will really make it fly by delivering it on a drone. How cool is that? That'll be a real flying falafel all right. Two thumbs up!
Just had my first lunch here and definitely enjoyed it.The little shop would be hard to miss if it wasn't for the line of people going out the door. It seems like there is always a line because I was told to find the place, just look for the crowd. The line may look a little intimidating, but honestly it's such a small little shop that you would expect any type of line to form. ALSO the line moves fast so don't worry.I got lucky and I was planning on ordering a spicy pocket. The lady who was picking up her food at the same time I was ordering had a messed up order and they had made an extra spicy pocket on accident. I just asked if I could have it since it was exactly what I was going to order, and the people working were really nice and let me have it instead of waiting in line. Plus I watched the poor guy make it right on the spot, so I knew it wasn't just sitting there before it was given to me.If you are a spicy person like myself, then you definitely want to ask for that extra spicy sauce. I asked them to add some more and it definitely had that little kick. ALSO if you are a taco bell fan like myself, I would describe the taste to be like a chalupa from taco bell which for me means PRETTY DAMN GOOD. It definitely was super tasty and probably comparing it to taco bell isn't doing it justice, but I will always have a soft spot for taco bell being that was my childhood meals every weekend. SO that means that this place is good if its like childhood for me.Enjoy Yelpers! You are in for a treat.
I am a falafel connoisseur and this place hit the mark! The falafel was extremely well seasoned -lots of cumin flavor and spice! It was crispy without being greasy and they loaded it up with hot sauce just like I requested. And like everyone says..the pitas here are heavenly. Soft warm chewy clouds of goodness..yum. I will say I didn't love the banana milkshake - overload of banana and cinnamon flavors, didn't jive well with my falafel. But that was my bad..it's craziness to order a banana milkshake at a falafel stand. Stick with a straight up falafel order, it won't lead you astray!
Delicious! And the staff is super sweet! Got the Pocket with Spicy Falafel with everything on it and it was yummmmy! Lots of flavor, lots of yummy veggies, lots of yummy sauce and lots of falafel packed inside a soft, warm pita. That Spicy Falafel is a perfect amount of heat along with the hot sauce. There was a little bit of a wait, but that was expected cuz I went right around 12:30ish on a weekday lunch rush. But, the great staff gave me extra bakalava with my order for the wait. Doesn't matter if you're vegan or not, go get some. And the vegan cinnamon baklava was so good, too! Im salivating while I type this wishing I was stuffing my face with one right now.
I was in town for 2 days on business and wanted a quick bite. Yelp led me here and man, yelp is never wrong when 300+ reviews say 4+ stars! Seriously, you guys, The Flying Falafel serves the best falafel ever. *SO* delicious, cheap, and healthy. And service was friendly and efficient. I got the Pocket Sandwich with spicy falafel balls. Falafel was soft, beautifully spiced, and nestled in supple, warm pita bread filled with super fresh, crunchy veggies. I would eat that every day if I lived in SF. I didn't see any falafels being thrown when I was there, but the nice counter person dropped one in my hand while I waited for my food.Pocket Sandwich was huge. It was messy to eat with my small-ish Asian hands so I asked for a fork... And inhaled all of the yummy goodness as soon as I got back to my hotel room (there was no space in the small outdoor seating area)FYI this was 5 months ago and I still dream about it.
Flying Felafel replaced 3 Potato 4 in this tiny space on Market in some kind of vegan swaparoo. While I liked 3Potato4 more, apparently most people didn't, and I'm happy to see that Flying Felafel is doing well, and is open later than the other place was. There aren't actually many options for fast, healthful takeout in this neighborhood, so I patronize them a fair amount.SF seems to have two different kinds of felafel joints: ones with really good felafel balls (Sunrise Deli) and ones with good sandwich stuff (Truly Med). Flying Felafel is the latter sort; in fact, you can get so much vegetable matter (cabbage, onions, tomatoes, pickles, cucumbers, tahini, cilantro sauce, hot sauce, beets, etc.) in your pita that they could forget the felafel and you might not notice! This is a good thing, because their felafel "nuggets" are a bit meh; the best thing I can say about them is that they're fried to order. Their pita, though, which is homemade somewhere, is fluffy and delicious. And, importantly, doesn't immediately fall apart with that stuffed-full sandwich. Still I can dream of Flying Felafel's sandwiches with Sunrise Deli's felafel balls.The various sides (dolmas, hummus, etc.) are also good. In fact, if you're looking for the single biggest vegan food bargain of market street, their $5 hummus platter is really hard to beat. That's not really a side, it's a meal in itself.
One of the best falafel in America!!!! I travel a lot and I have tried so many falafel all over America ( from The east coast and west cost to) This little place in the middle of San Francisco is THE BEST FALAFEL IN AMERICA! Highly recommended!!!!
I'll begun by saying that when I order something spicy, it's with the hope that ill be crying halfway through it because of the spice. Now the spicy pocket wasn't not quite that, but it was pretty damn spicy, I was happy. While standing in line waiting, i was watching the guy assemble them. So carefully layering the different ingredient I was worried it was going to be a sloppy mess of sauce, but it wasn't. I'm not exactly sure what all the different sauces were (except for the hot sauce, I wanted to steal that bottle for myself) but it all went together so well! The falafel was perfect crunchy on the outside but still moist inside and the pita was hardy enough to hold everything together perfectly. While the wait in line was a tad long (the guy actually got hot sauce in his eye and was down and out for a minute or so), but it was a beautiful day out and it was more than worth the wait! There is little to no seating here so its mostly standing around eating it on the street but that's the fun of this place! I love that San Francisco has a lot of these relaxed no fuss restaurants where the real focus is good food, not fancy decor and a showy menu. Just finger licking good (and hopefully super spicy) food!
To say that this is a hole in the wall find would be accurate. The menu is limited and easy to read. We ordered two falafels and an order of dolmas. We waited our turn while two gentlemen ran the register and made the falafels. We didn't have to wait long for our treasures and most of it was worth the wait. Here's the skinny on the Flying Falafel...Let's start with what not to get!Do not order the dolmas. They come from a can - I should know - I watched them open the can, drain the liquid, and then place an order in a to-go wrapper for eating. They were soggy; half fell apart in the bag and were nothing great to write home about. Now! On to what you SHOULD order!The falafel sandwich!! Don't waste your time ordering the "small" or Snack Size... you WILL WANT the whole thing!! Trust me on this!! The falafel balls were about the size of quarter, perfectly cooked, crunchy on the outside and creamy and hot on the inside. The pita pockets were made fresh locally - they were steamed to heat them and then stuffed with a myriad of both fresh and pickled veggies and assorted herbs. The pita pocket was hot and chewy and perfect! The sauces were amazing!! I think I could have eaten the parsley aioli on just about everything! We ordered both a spicy and a regular one. The spicy was good... the regular was great... the only difference between the two was that the spicy had a hot chili sauce in addition to the other parsley aioli. Completely enjoyed the meal despite the dolmas and the "questionable" location of the falafel stand. It is downtown... be prepared to find someplace to park on the street... we got to enjoy watching a couple of people light up their crack pipes on the side of the minivan in front of us
You know you're a damn good restaurant when you completely mess up a persons order, and still get 5 stars. I've heard so much about this place, and knew I had to give it a try at some point. I had a completely random craving for hummus that took over my body, and before I knew it I was staring at the Eat24 receipt with an estimated delivery of 45 minutes. Yes, this review is for a delivery order. I guess you could say I'm addicted to delivery. I order delivery from Eat24 around 3-5 times a week, if not more. As an Eat24 VIP with over 300 orders under my belt (NO SHAME), I have high standards for my deliveries! Estimated delivery windows are useless, and I usually always allow an hour, and if it exceeds that I just give them a ring to check on it. I kid you not, I got a call at 47 minutes on the DOT that my food had arrived. As someone who does this a lot, I have to admit that's pretty awesome! Right as I got to my gate to get the food, I realized I forgot the cash tip, so I told him to wait a hot second as I ran up to grab cash. When I came back, he was so thankful. He said it was so unnecessary for me to go all the way back up, although he really appreciated it. He shook my hand, thanked me a million times, and was super nice. Major points for that. I ordered the Combo Meal #1, which comes with a whole spicy falafel pita pocket, 2 dolmas and a cinnamon baklava. I also ordered a hummus saucer. After I went down 2 flights of stairs to get my order, I came up to my apartment only to realize I had actually received a "Plate Me", an extra side of 10 falafel, and a cinnamon baklava. No dolma in sight, and certainly no pita pocket!Stunned and devastated, I ran to computer to double check my order. Sure enough, my order was normal and had not changed. I immediately started formulating the 2 star review in my head, planning the wordage I would use to critique my failed order. All that negativity simply faded away into space the moment I actually tried the food. The "Plate Me" was so delicious - the veggies were fresh, the hummus was so flavorful, and the falafel was hot and seemed like it had just got out of the fryer. The extra falafel was the perfect amount, and allowed me to finish the plate without running out of falafel. The baklava was a great treat, and seemed much higher quality than the baklava I've had at other Mediterranean restaurants. I should THANK Flying Falafel for messing up my order. The pita bread wrapped around falafel would have probably been carb overload, and the plate was the best alternative to combat that. I plan on ordering from here very soon, and I will definitely be ordering what they sent me.
I've just consumed my first Falafel pocket at Flying Falafel...and it won't be my last!The key to the deliciousness is ratio. Everything about the pocket is so well-balanced. The right amount of crunchiness to softness - texture; the right amount of fixins to sauce; the fact that the pita actually stays together and the layering of all of the ingredients means that you get every bite with a little of everything. And after all that, it's not too much food - it's perfect. I will likely ask for more pickles next time, as that was the only ingredient I wished for a little more. Of note: the "spicy" falafel (over the sesame version) can definitely be tasted when it's not in the pocket. However, when it's in the pocket, it's subdued considerably with all of the other flavors. Still delicious, though.To boot, Assaf is friggin' hot. And super friendly and welcoming. I hope he never reads Yelp reviews, otherwise, I will be seriously red in the face at that comment when I go in again.Support small, local business and enjoy this place! Go now.
Divine! just want to cry how awesome (and ridiculously affordable) this joint is.
Love at first bite. Tried the Snacker and with the falafel and overflowing fresh veggies and sauces, it was lunch. The line outside says everything. I work nearby and I think I'll be a regular. The only thing is, it looked so scrumptious that I couldn't wait until I reached the office. I inhaled it before I even reached my building.
Really good falafels. As we were walking to find the place, we noticed a really long line and, of course, it turned out to be the restaurant. Get in the right lane to order and pay. Then head to the left lane to choose toppings and pick up. I got the falafel wheel with everything - everything being all the veggies and sauces. I'm not sure if they ended up giving me the falafel plate but it was good. I'm not a huge fan of sauerkraut so next time I will pass on that. Good stuff. Love that eating here does not break the bank. Cost ~$7 per plate. I plan to visit them again the next time I'm here.
Proud to say that I was the first customer at the new Market Street location! He literally had just finished screwing the sign onto the wooden stand outside as I walked up. He's not actually fully operational until Thursday, but for a 'soft' opening it was fantastic. Caveat, I only got to eat the falafel balls without the fixins, but hey thats what we are here for right?There has not been a GREAT falafel place in SF - until now!4 things make this standout:1) GREAT flavor - sometimes falafel gets lost in dullness, inheriting the flaors of everything around it. Not this falafel - really aromatic, has that almost nutty authentic flavor (ive been eating falafel for about 30 years) that can only be had with pure ingredients, and a great ratio of spices and chickpea. I got the 'spicy' version, which isnt too spicy but has a great kick - again the ratio of kick to flavor is good. I didnt get to try the sesame flavor - that will wait till next week. Assaf (spelling?) has been doing this for 8 years in the southbay and farmers markets so he's no noob, and it shows. Glad he has finally brought it to SF.1b) - there are two options of falafel flavors! Innovative, ive never seen that before. sesame or spicy. I only can comment on the spicy (see above)2) Crispiness - I hate it when my falafel gets soggy. Not this falafel. Granted, I got it really fresh but its a small operation so it will always be fresh. Really crispy on the outside, perfect soft but not mushy or too grainy on the inside. I'd say the ratio of crips outside to soft inside is perfect for my tastes, though some others may have different preferences. For me it was just right. Oh and not greasy at all! Not sure how he has mastered that. It is fried not baked, but no falafel tastes good baked. 3) organic / vegan - I cant independently verify this claim, but he's been at it for 8 years now so hopefully someone has done it. I actually dont care about organic or vegan, but there are people who do. Usually it drives the price up, but I think his menu is very reasonably priced!4) The man himself - what a nice guy! He opened early just to sell me falafel because I was so curious. Thats great customer service.Menu is simple Mediterranean fare - falafel sandwich, falafel and hummus, I think I saw tabbouleh, etc, banana milkshakeI plan on coming back next week to try the sesame version of the falafel, and the banana milkshake as well. I'm betting its going to be amazing based on my first experience!The location is only 1 block from the Van Ness BART/Muni stop and right on Market street. Small so you have to look for it or go by the address. It used to be a french fry shop so who knows if demand will force him to add that to the menu haha. But really its all about the falafel anyways!FYI there is no seating - its right on Market street so everything is to go!
I'm not a huge falafel guy, but I find myself craving these tasty balls since going a couple of months back. We cater it for our incubator and people go wild for it. Very generous serving size, just don't eat it there as the Tenderloin is ugly and dangerous.
Really, really great falafel! I had "plate me", and everything was amazing and went together really well. The falafel was the best part, without a doubt: perfect texture, really flavorful, and authentic. I wish I'd taken a picture of the food, but I'll update later with a few photographs when I go back (which will definitely be soon!). And everything there is vegan!!Five stars isn't enough to describe how fantastic the food is and how friendly and welcoming Assaf is. It's also super BART-accessible and very reasonably priced. Definitely go!!
I don't eat a single post-breakfast meal without meat. It's just a rule. To me, life without meat is like life without oxygen. I need it. I am dependent on it. Without it, life just wouldn't be the same. But the raving reviews of the Flying Falafel made me break that rule one Wednesday afternoon. I ate a completely vegan meal for the first time in recent memory. And my God, it was fantastic. The vegetables loaded with flavor and freshness. The excellent spicy sauce and spicy falafel balls. The warm, fluffy pita bread that they threw (flying in the air), while we waited in line. The best (and admittedly only) dolma I have ever had. The cinnamon baklava. The amazing employee who spoke Hindi with me (there was not an ounce of Indian blood in him). It was vegan. And it was perfect. I'll be back.
Excellent pitas. I would highly recommend for the quick snack or the casual dinner option.Friendly staff and amazing quality of food preparation.Get the pocket if you're hungry or the snacker (which is still a big meal). New sauces and flavors are awesome as well!
Solid falafel place, great service, and they make everything fresh, but was expecting something a bit more given the great reviews. I think I was expecting something more along the lines of L'As Du Fallafel in Paris, but these unfortunately fall short. Still a great snack or lunch item ($5 for half, $8 for fulll), but I don't think I would go out of my way to get these again.
Banana Shakes off the hook.
I've passed by so many times but never stopped, well today was the day and I was more than pleased. Everything is made fresh and you can tell at the first bite. The staff are helpful and friendly, nice vibe even though it's a micro eatery. The prices are unfair, on their end, considering the freshness and quality. Try the spicy falafel and sample their sauces, which are all delicious! Def a go to when I don't want to cook and I need a fast meal, and don't want to spend much.
I've been in San Francisco for a week for work and have eaten some of the most expensive food, but this was the best meal I have had, hands down! For only $11.96, I grabbed the combo #2 which consisted of a sizable Falafel pocket with a banana milkshake. The spices, vegetables, and sauces combined with the falafel on a warm and soft pita was absolute heaven.Could my senses have been magnified because I was really hungry? Yes...but I know a good chemistry of spices and sauces when I get them. And, these people are chemist. Now, because of the Yelp reviews, I passed on eating inside their restaurant, so I took the liberty of getting it delivered to my hotel. Hence, why I am able to write this review directly after crushing this mouth watering food.They will get my business again, every time I come back to the West coast.
The place is relatively new, to my knowledge. Get "The Pocket" for $7 (I believe it's their most popular food item) - pita and falafel are super fresh and tasty; they're pretty generous with sauces too. Definitely, recommend!
I was on my vegan adventure!and it was awesome!I love Falafel and i can make them but thisone is unique coz the sauces, Awwww!!!I love the mango sauce. It's all homemade even the pita.The guys are awesome too.Can't wait for this biz to get big so they can haveseating and a bathroom LOL.But overall this is a 5 star, fresh and easy!
Best Falafel in San Francisco hands down.  Falafel are green and moist.  Pita is house made and soft. Fillings are equally as unique and supurb. Go.
The falafel here was dry and pretty tasteless. The pita wasn't so great either. If you're looking for great falafel in the Bay Area, check out Falafel Stop in Sunnyvale.
Could this be the Subway of Falafels? It felt like I was in a Subways Sandwich shop.I enjoyed my order, a Pita Bread filled with salad, pickled veg, & spicy balls (I assume these were the Falafels, though Spicy they were veeeeery Bitter) This is a popular shop btwn 6th & 7th Street. The Sandwich cost about 7.50, although I wasn't delighted or impressed, I was full filled. The Staff are friendly & hand out samples of the Pita Bread as if they made it (themselves) in order to draw in customers which usually consist of people working in the area.
Flying pita's happened! Was fun! Great customer service - the guys were awesome, friendly and inviting! The "plate me" meal was yummy... The sauces make the dish so good! So glad we stopped in!
Must visit! It's a small place, amazing food, and service. Very tasty vegetarian falafel! I asked the guys if they were owners, they were not but they worked with so much passion. Very impressed with food and service.
OMG yes! Everything about this place - yes yes yes. I ordered online so my falafel sandwich was ready when I arrived. The bread is so soft and perfect to hold the falaffel, such a wonderful diversion from your typical dry pita pocket. The falafel is moist, and the spicy one is has a great punch of flavor. New fave lunch spot!
Excellent food!!!! Friendly guys. And thanks for having vegan food! Didn't give a 5th star because I was hoping there would be a place to sit ;-)
If you like falafels, delicious warm pitas, and all the delicious Mediterranean flavors, you have to try this place! The food is amazing! The pitas are soft, fluffy, and warm. The falafel is super crunchy on the outside but moist in the middle. And the sauces and toppings only enhance the flavor of the falafel and aren't over powering!( I could drink the green sauce) Not only is the food delicious but the staff is so amazing! They are so fun and make you feel welcome and part of the restaurant. They are also very efficient and get the food out fast, especially since they customize each order! Keep it up, you guys are truly the original ballers!
I hate falafel! There - I said it!!EXCEPT the one at this place!Quite simply the best falafel I have had!Their meal price is also relatively cheap - 8$ for plate with pita that will last some over 2 meals.My gripes - no rice and no meat - which is kinda strange for a Mediterranean place but - for falafel & pita, this place is untouchable. (Pls just get the rice at least though!!)
South of market this is the best hallal place that I have found. The food comes out relatively fast and the service is rush you in, feed you, and get you out. Definitely a little hidden treasure for those who don't know about it.
Flying Falafel was one of the food vendors in VegFest. I had read stellar reviews on Yelp so I took the opportunity to check them out. Assaf was cracking jokes with the customers and volunteers. He demonstrated his great hand eye coordination skills, tossing a falafel in the air and catching it in a pita pocket with ease. He gave us samples of falafel and pita bread as we stood waiting in the long line. He also handed out business cards to anyone who wanted one. The sandwich was a great way to start off the afternoon. You had the choices of sesame or spicy falafel or a mix of both. I went with both. The falafel were these delicious, crispy, and crunchy morsels. They came with sliced veggies and a generous amount of sauce. It was pretty good overall and filled me up. My one gripe is one of the added veggies was too sour and bitter for my liking. I'm not exactly sure which one it was but I hope this was just a one time scenario. Vegans rejoice, the cinnamon baklava is vegan. Baklava is usually made with honey which is usually an ingredient most vegans avoid. I wasn't in the mood for dessert but I do plan on having some in the future. I will check out their brick and mortar place to try out their vegan banana milkshake (I hope it lives up to what I imagine) and plated falafel with a friend.
Hole in the wall falafel joint. Fresh soft pita bread, good ingredients, and great sauces (recommend hot and mango) make it a great to-go option in the area. This plus a friendly and hard working staff gets Flying Falafel their well-earned five stars.
Literally it's a hole in a wall, but make sure you give t a try! I got Falafel frisbee and it was great. Fast service, neat place. Very tasty food!
Stopped by for the sake of falafel. Was best falafel. Quick and the official baller was enjoyable to chat with.
Loved the falafel sandwich. Over flowing with veggies and lots of flavor. Good value. Wish there were seating but just so good that I really can't complain.
My partner and I were looking for a place to eat before seeing a show at the Warfield, and Yelp brought us to The Flying Falafel. With 200+ reviews and a 5-star rating, we figured we couldn't go wrong. This is literally a hole-in-the-wall place with a simple but DELICIOUS menu. We each got the flying falafel meal combo with all the fixin's and also a banana milkshake to share (with tip, it came out to be about $30 total)The food was -fantastic-!! I highly recommend coming here if you're looking for a relatively cheap, fast, and DELICIOUS bite to eat. Everything is vegan and organic, and gluten-free options are available (though their pita is great if you can have it). The milkshake, made with soy milk, reminded us of a banana-y horchata and was fantastic. FYI, there's no seating, just a table to lean against as you eat. We had a good time chatting it up with other customers as we all leaned against the table together. All everyone was talking about was how tasty the food was. Seriously, it's amazing.Keep up the great work, guys! We plan on coming back next time we're on Market Street. ;)
I've never been a huge fan of falafel, but Flying Falafel has made me a lover with the most perfect crunchy and flavorful falafel wrapped up in your choice of fresh ingredients. I usually go with the wrap, which comes with your choice of either the sesame or spicy falafel. Both are good, depending on your preference of flavor. Their pita is amazing as I've found that it's hard to get whole wheat pita that maintains the same chewy, thick texture that I love. The pita is stuffed with at least 5 falafel, then topped with lettuce, tomatoes, pickles, sauerkraut, cucumbers and several different sauces. The wrap ends up being extremely filling and completely guilt-free. I never would have thought that a dingy stand in the Tenderloin could put out such quality food, but Flying Falafel has done it!
Stopped by right before a show at The Warfield. Service was great, food was amazing, cost was not even an issue.
When I saw this place online, I thought it was a sit in and eat restaurant, but it was just one where you order and you leave and eat outside while you walk or something. So my friends were pretty disappointed that there were no tables or seats and it was a tiny store. But the falafels made up for it because they were delicious. They could be a bit too spicy for some people's likings though. I also got the cinnamon baklava because it's a highlight on yelp but I didn't like it very much because it was kind of hard and cold. I don't know. The cook/waiter/cashier man was very nice and friendly though. He threw meatballs at us and told us to catch them with our mouths. And he gave me a free pita bread once I walked in before I even bought anything which was very nice. He also likes to speak Spanish to people. He is very nice.
Very friendly, they call you by your name and prepare your order in front of you. I call them before I leave my office and order so I don't have to wait long. I eat there twice a weekWhere can you find great veg. Lunch for under $6-7 in SF?
I've been here twice now and here is some info that may help you show up prepared for your visit. -Order system seems to involve self serving with a Square cash register followed by in person interaction when your order is being made. I think may means you can only pay with credit card. -Don't worry about indicating what toppings you want until they are actually assembling your order. -Best value is definitely the plate. You get a mountain of food for $7.50 (along with a side of pita), just fifty cents more than the sandwich version but with about 50% more of the food. Cons: less easily eatable than the pita pocket.-There is a standing height table where you can eat your food as soon as it is served. Warning - you are still in the Tenderloin. I recommend walking a few blocks to the mall or Yerba Buena where you can sit down.-All offerings are vegetarian and vegan. Despite typically being a handicap the food here is surprisingly delicious.-Service is awesome. Four stars instead of five because honestly I still like the sauce/topping variety and overall product Amsterdam Falafel in DC better...but, in a sea of expensive and mediocre downtown SF lunch offerings this place is a shining star!
This is the definition of a "hole-in-the-wall" - I wouldn't have even noticed this place if it weren't for the line outside and one of the "official ballers" (as they're called) tossing samples of their freshly baked pita into the crowd. I got a piece thrown to me and loved the warm fluffiness of the bread, so I decided to wait it out in line (about 15 min).The self-pay system is simple and quick as long as you know how to use it (no-one was manning it), and the guys working here are all amiable and fun to interact with (the guy giving out the samples was trying to get people to catch it with their mouths). Not to mention that they're fast but care about getting orders right - I watched one of the ballers restart an order because he made a small tear in the pita pocket.I got a spicy pocket with all ~6 toppings ($7 for a bursting pita pocket - great deal), and loved every bite of it. The pita did not disappoint, the falafel's were perfectly crisp, and it was full of flavor from the various sauces and toppings they added. It's not an understatement to say that this was probably the best falafel dish I've had in recent memory, and I'd definitely go back again or highly recommend it to anyone in the area.
Food was good. It took 15 minutes for the order to be ready. Minus 1 star for giving me a bag that was stained with grease and sauce. The eclectic assortment of bags is on the counter adjacent to the prep station.Minus 1 star for handling money and then handling food with bare hands.Plus 1 star for decent serving size and low price.Plus 1 star for being purportedly vegan. Can't beat vegan baklava.Plus 1 star for convenient location on Market St. (albeit sketchy...I wouldn't linger here).
Another situation of great expectations not quite matching reality. I got a pocket and filled it to the brim with delightfulness and even got falafel fresh out of the fryer. The eating of this baby was ultimately just A-OK. I don't know if it was because the falafel were smaller than the ones I have had previously. Here's the better way to describe it: After being done with my Flying Falafel, I was like, "Oh, I can check lunch off my to do list." After being done with the falafel I have had at, say Sunrise, I am like, "Wait, why am I not eating this every day?"
Flying Falafel is a tiny stall just a short trek from union Square. Keep walking and don't be discouraged. It's there! And there's likely a long line out front. If there isn't a line, consider yourself lucky.Our favorite was is spicy falafel. Crispy, fluffy on the inside, and full of flavor. The menu is simple and a full stuffed pita is more than enough. Get the meal and get your self some dolmas and baklava too.The falafel a are cooked fresh and paired with a variety of veggies and unique sauces. Knocking a star because the food prep area was pretty messy. But it's a one man show so not a deal breaker. We'll be back!
So wonderfully delicious! I could end the review now because that's all you need to know I will push on. The owner is friendly and awesome, he was throwing free falafels to those waiting for their orders!It's plenty of food in a $10 combo to feed 2 or one beast man, as I was that day. Check them out.
This place is scary at first because it is literally a "hole in the wall" BUT do not be intimidated!! Flying falafel is SOOOOO yummy and I am so lucky it is so close to my apartment. Everyone who works here is super friendly and they always give a small piece of your pita to you while you wait! Love love love this place and definitely recommend to anyone in SF going over to union square or Powell-Market. PLUS it's vegan friendly :-)My favorites are the pita pocket and the cinnamon baklava! You must try it.
The best Falafel in San Francisco! I orders it ones and took it to work and since then everybody in the office start ordering the falafel from this place. The falafel balls are crispy outside and soft inside, the veggies are always so fresh and I like the spicy paste they add to the Pita bread.So yummy!
OverallReally filling and yummy food that does not break the bank in a little shop near Union and SF hustle and bustle.FoodVery filling and delicious falafel and veggies. Definitely made me full and i loved it. Important note that kinda ruined the meal... make sure you eat from side to side not top to bottom. You will end up with all the veggies eatten on top gone and falafels dry on the bottomServiceLoud and bumping music with really friendly staff that help out and are just great. Friendly folks frying flying falafels for sure.
Not much to say, honestly. Get a pocket with some falafel. Like, the next chance you get.It's a little whole in the wall, the guys are funny, you discover how hard it really is to order in a square POS yourself, you wait 5 mins, you say you want everything on it, and you feast your taste. There, it's a train that leads to happiness.
perfect for quickPick up on market !!
I LOVE FALAFEL. This place gets an A+ for deliciousness. They're the most hole-in-the-wall kind of place that I've seen in the city yet. No seating inside or outside and instead they have this cart/table thing where you can eat over. Not that you really need it as the falafel sandwiches come in these pita pockets put into a small envelope like holder.I just wish my SO didn't choose to give me some really bad news while eating here. Couldn't even finish my falafel because I was so upset. :(
Best yummiest cheapest lunch around my office! Compared to the $14 steak salad across the street at The Hall this place can't be beat. It's getting super popular so expect a bit of a wait. But the dudes here are so nice, funny, and feed you warm bread while you're in line that you're quickly put in a forgiving mood. Also enjoy the Michael Jackson Pandora playlist! I was here when you first opened and you have me a sample of your crunchy balls and makes me happy to see you guys doing so well!!!
I was so excited to eat here after reading the hype and seeing the long lines on market st at all hours of the day...happy to report it really is that good!I had the plate because they were out of pita bread. Those dudes stuffed my box to the brim with carrots, pickles, cucumbers, tomatoes, cabbage, crout, and hummus. Oh and can't forget the falafel- probably the best I've ever had, extremely fresh and well spiced, not soggy fried tasting. I also had every single sauce they offered, heck when it's all vegan why not?! The guys chatted and cracked jokes as I waited for my mount Olympus of food. And as I was leaving they gave me some leftover pita (guess the pita was cut so they were too small to stuff) but they gave me a whole BAG of pita! No need to grocery shop I've got leftovers for the week! So fresh so good I'll be back when this stash runs out!
I was her for launch on Sunday the falafel are very good the owner Asaf is very friendly .... Food is good service are grate !!Defiantly will come back here
Friendly service and fresh falafel. Staff filled my Nalgene up - perfect lunch spot.
This place is just an amazing place to be a least 1 time in life . The dishes are very tasty and original ! For sure I'm going to visit this place more often !
I almost do not want to write a review for this place because I am selfish and want to keep it to myself. But truth is, this places is the shiznit!!! Fresh ingredients combined together for a savory, healthy, and inexpensive meal. These guys do it right!
Great spot for a quick bite. The hummus and the falafel were super tasty, but some of the veggies were not quite fresh.
My ten minute experience at FF was divine. I got the snack pita with spicy falafel. The combination of flavors in conjunction with the freshness of the falafel was to die for. I like spicy, but I wouldn't recommend for those who can't handle sweat inducing spice. The quality of the hummus was amazing, and I don't take my hummus lightly. What struck me as the most memorable part of my ordering and take out experience (this place is only takeout) was how friendly the servers were. One guy gave us a slice of warm pita to snack on while we waited for our food. The other made funny conversation and did a falafel trick as he wrapped up my food. I will def be coming back!
It's a small, little place but don't let that fool you. The falafel and the pita are freshly made. Best to eat it while it's hot and to be eaten by hands. One of the better finds in the city.
Fantastic falafel place .. The mix of veggies and goodies in the wrap goes so well together. I haven't seen such a variety anywhere else!I love how they toss the final falafel in the wrap, fun atmosphere and customer service.The falafels are a perfect size, smaller so the center doesn't get dry... Flavorful throughout!Extremely good price for the quality of food!
Awesome falafel, best I've had outside of Europe. And the guys making it were extremely friendly and fun. The falafel balls are fried when you order it, so it's fresh and crispy
I stopped at this place for convenience reasons (it was right next to the beauty school where I got a haircut). I came before or after lunch rush, so there wasn't many people in line, or at least it moved fast. They used an iPad for placing orders, which was kind of confusing, lol. I got a Snacker sandwich with sesame falafel for $5.44, and it was filling! Grab a fork and some napkins if you're a messy eater. Will definitely come here again next time I'm getting a cut.
Expand to Berkeley area and beyond please. Best falafel everrrr -- so moist and flavorful! AND the pita was actually fresh, soft and warm!
Taste is good. Like their pita bread, but the kitchen is not very clean. Sauce is good( just a little too much). Serving enough falafel ( pretty generous)
Pretty darn good falafel full of flavours. Friendly folks and good options to take my pita spicy ( just the way I like it )!
Ten tons of food! It's fresh, it's yummy, and it's like a day's worth of food for $10. Nobody that I've ever taken there has agreed with me (how boring is that?!?), but I absolutely love the Market St. ambiance -- the people going through the trashcan at the outside counter, the random parades and protests... it's poignant and gritty and makes the food taste even better.
Awesome food to grab on the go!! I was in town for a show at the Warfield and this place is about a block away. Delicious fresh veggies and the pitas are the bomb!! The falafel is perfect, I got a mixture of spicy and sesame, loved every bite!! And, the price is right for those of us on a tight budget.
Step up to the counter, place your order on the iPad, step aside and wait for awesome. This is my new favorite falafel spot.
Omg. Best find on eat24. Ordered the flying falafel pocket sandwich with spicy falafel. YUUUUM!! Delivery came in about 30mins on a Saturday early evening. Friendly delivery guy to boot.This is my new go to quick yummy affordable priced delivery.So good!!!
Best falafel I've had in the city, with the friendliest staff!I had the pocket with a mix of spicy and sesame falafel. Everything was freshly made. The pita was freshly baked and so good! The falafels were tasty and the perfect crisp texture. Also, the portion sizes are VERY generous.Try the banana milkshake....you won't regret it!
Good tasting falafel and staff was pretty cool. Quick, cheap and consistent. Had both the falafel pit and plate, so good.
this falafel place gave me wings so that I could soar. every bite was its own little treasure and I, a scavenger, reaping the rewards of flavor and contentment. ......SPECTACULAR 10/10 would eat again
it's greattt bang for your buck - for under $9 i got a huge plate of veggies, hummus, and falafel for lunch. but it was not as delicious as previously expected (the warm pita though, deeelicious!) the falafels were cold, and i thought the veggies are kinda of a weird combo in terms of taste. im glad i tried it, but probably wont trek the blocks and blocks down to this spot again from fidi..
It's rare that I'll walk into a place for food and walk out with my order AND a smile. Love the Flying Falafel guys. Their customer service is exceptional because of small things they do... like TALK TO THEIR CUSTOMERS. You walk up and place your order at the Square kiosk then stand and wait for your order. Watch out because they like to throw falafel and pita out into the crowd sometimes! Super fun, affordable, and delicious. This just became my go-to eatery around the Civic Center BART station.
Soft fresh pita, hot crunchy falafel, and delicious goodies. The food is so good it makes me want to cuss! It is all delicious and the folks running the place are a kick. And vegan?! I want to eat it again right now, and I just ate dinner.
Usually don't like falafels, but this was delicious! Spicy falafel pita with the spicy sauce was good.
Great service and food to die for! The employees are really nice and it's awesome for a vegan, like me, to have tasty vegan options. Definitely going back for more, maybe I'll try one of their desserts next time!
Fantastic falafel, great experience from start to finish. The falafel are amongst the best that I've had on this coast, super crunchy, a bit of spice, not too oily, the toppings on my pita were divine.best of all, I left lunch feeling sated and healthy which is all I can ask for in a falafel spotkeep your eyes up for flying falafels when you walk in!
I was walking down the street to meet a friend for lunch, and the food looked so good I had to stop and purchase my plate to eat with her later! The food was fresh, the "Plate Me" platter was so delicious, and they made it right in front of me. On this particular day they had the most friendly and funny guys working there, and it was just awesome. I never thought I would get food that tasted that good from this tiny hole in the wall spot! When I'm back in that area, I'll be back to this place!!
Very long line when I went, but definitely worth the 30 min. wait. Ordered the spicy falafel pita pocket and was probably the best falafel I've had in a while. If you're in SOMA you definitely have to check out The Flying Falafel!
so f*cking tasty. Staff was amusing. No seating :/I'll happily go again for a meal on the go.
Overall this place has flavorful falafels. Today though I was disappointed with my spicy falafel. This place gets so busy that they are constantly bringing new employees and today was not a good day. Something about putting the right amount of veggies and sauce on the wrap that makes it all that much better. Today my wrap tasted bland and dry at the same time. The new guy didn't put hot sauce on my wrap even though I asked for spicy. They added this green sauce at the end, too much I'd say...and it wasn't appetizing. All the other times I would give this place 4 starts, today 3 because the wait was long and the wrap didn't taste the same as other times. Sorry, Flying Falafel. I must add that it is a bang for your buck. I got the "snacker" for $5! It is a steal for a SF lunch!
Do not order using eat24 delivery from here.... My order arrived wet and soggy....I had to carry a soaked paper bag on the verge of ripping up a flight of stairs and down the office hallway dripping everywhere to my desk only to be more disappointed when I open the box. Falafel balls and the pita bread were both cold and soggy. I even tried to eat it as I don't like to waste food. But every bite further made me lose my appetite and just saddens me to know I spent good money on something I thought was going to be quality food only to be let down. Not how I wanted to start my Monday workday, but it happens I guess. I suppose this is more of a review of their current delivery services vs their food. I have yet to have a decent chance to try their food at its prime condition at the restaurant.
Original baller.Amazing shirt: yelp.com/biz_photos/the-Amazing sandwich: Fresh from the fryer falafel topped with a ridiculous amount of hummus, veggies and tahini.Last ingredient was at the insistence of the Assaf, the incredible charming and friendly founder: vimeo.com/63493169. He was right. And he juggles too.Plus he is wearing one of those shirts. Wait was a worthwhile 10 minutes along with a worth it $7 lunch investment. Small space and small staff require improvisation: all ordering is DIY off an iPad.These guys are flying high.
This place is the definition of a hole in the wall. I ordered their Pocket wrap, reasonably price and quite delicious. Been here a couple of times now. Gets a little messy walking and eating since there is no place to sit down and eat. Also gets very crowded during lunch hour.
The food was strictly ok. But you have to stand in a huge line for it. I understand most of the clients are after party hungry humans, but I went on a saturday evening. Just saying that it is not worth the wait or the hype. Strictly ok.
Best falafel sandwich I've ever had! The owner is a mind reader, and beyond amazing. This is going to be my day off staple. Pure joy.
Love love love it!The service, the people AND the food - very little left to ask for. The falafels are so yummy and fresh, the bowls are such a grand size and the sandwiches as awesome.It's also so conveniently located (for us) that we visit at least once a week!Go Flying Falafel!!
Five-ish bucks for a bag of ten little spicy falafels is a pretty good deal.
You can taste how fresh everything is. Some of the best falafel I've ever had. Hopefully it can grow to a bigger location with seating, or add some outdoor tables.
This place is the best falafel restaurant in the city hands down. It is a little hole-in-the-wall but super clean and friendly. I go here to get an after work meal at least twice a week. You can get "spicy" or "sesame" falafel balls and then add on the vegetables and sauces of your own choosing. As someone who has lived off off falafel while in The Netherlands due to Dutch food sucking, this place is actually better than any other place I've been. Bonus: sometimes they toss falafel ballls at you and see if you can catch them.
It's good. I mean, it is a solid falafel place with the traditional walk up and order flare.
I'm just going to add to all the 5 star reviews on here because it's just THAT GOOD! The staff is awesome and everything we tried tasted amazing. Will be returning soon!
BEST. FALAFEL. EVER!This vegan family feels super lucky to have The Flying Falafel in SF. It's literally a whole in the wall, blink and you'll miss it. But, seek it out because it's the best damn lunch you'll ever have. The people making the deliciousness are friendly and their self-check-out system is nice and easy. The food is outstanding. We've had tons of greasy or dry falafel in the past. Flying Falafel is somehow crazy flavorful but very fresh tasting. The falafel wrap was perfect and the hummus plate we got our kid was also amazing. Can't wait to see these guys at Vegan Sunday's at SoMa Street Food Park!
Really, really good falafel and I'm pretty picky about Middle Eastern food after growing up near Dearborn. I live the spicy falafel, such a good idea to initially season the falafel instead of relying on hot sauce. The banana shake is incredible and helps cool down the spicy falafel - perfectly paired!
If you're ready to brave the mid-Market blight, you'll be welcomed by...-ASAF, the owner and 1 of 2 workers in the tiny shop. Super welcoming, super friendly, and a showman at that! As he places falafel in the pita pocket sandwich, he gamely tosses every 4th or 5th falafel high in the air and uses the pita pocket to catch it like a baseball glove. I respect that he takes great pride in his work and in entertaining and making customers happy. -SAMPLES: here's where the name of this place comes in. As the lunch line queues up for lunch, he throws out samples of falafel to people in line. -A WELL-CONCEIVED PITA POCKET SANDWICH: You know that feeling when you bite into a falafel pocket and all the falafel is at the top and and all the veggies are at the bottom and you finish the falafel before you get to the rest of the sandwich? Not happening here! Asaf is very thoughtful in how he fashions each pita sandwich. He layers veggies, sauce, falafel, veggies, sauce, falafel so you have a mouthful of veggies, sauce, and falafel in every bite... all the way down to the bottom. GENIUS!-THE PERFECT PITA BREAD: Though not made in-house, Asaf informed me that the pita bread is baked fresh and delivered every day. Probably the best damn pita bread I have ever had: doughy, pillowy, NOTHING like what you purchase in supermarkets. Asaf also hands out samples of pita bread. Try one and buy into the hype! -REALLY GOOD FALAFEL: I tasted a sample of the sesame falafel but ultimately ordered the spicy falafel (which was very mild). Both were perfectly crunchy on the outside and savory and herbaceous inside. I also liked that they were smaller as the smaller size lent themselves well to the layering approach described above. An awesome addition to mid-Market and my lunch rotation. And as a plus, they have those "frequent buyer" punch cards: buy 10 flying falafel pita pockets, get 1 free.
Was strolling down Market this evening... and saw this new place... The Flying Falafel... A tiny pace with friendly guys serving up the best falafel I've ever had.... They greet you with smiles and samples... and explain that they are 'tech saavy', and show you how to do a fast check out if you like. The food... I had the Falafel Sandwich, with spicy Falafel Balls.. and I payed an extra $3 for the Dolmas and Baklava.The Sandwich is PERFECT! The Best Falafel Balls I've ever had.... They are probably a third the size of most places ..... They are crunchy on the outside and light and flavorful on the inside. Yes... a light Falafel!... but... very filling, and delicious. I got everything on mine.... veggies, sauce, and hot sauce...and the ratios were spot on... Awesome Pita Bread, too... All Vegan!The Dolmas were OK... Not briny, and tasted a bit minty....I've never had one that I thought was great... I don't think they are my taste exactly, probably my least favorite Mediterranean food...However ..... The Baklava is Excellent! Flakey, spicy, lots of cinnamon, not soggy... I relished every bite....!My ONLY advice would be wrapping the sandwich for 'to go' orders if foil.... I had to walk a couple of blocks, and the paper envelope was starting to fall apart.I'm also thinking those little Falafel Balls would be awesome on Party Trays.Great new spot... Welcome to the neighborhood!
Wanted a quick sandwich today, and based in the reviews here on YELP, decided to try this place. A very, very tiny place. There were three guys working, giving out samples and chatting with people walking by. Extremely friendly.So the food? Amazing! Had the Spicy Stuffed Pits Pocket...with ALL of the fixings. So much flavor, and packed till overflowing. Great flavor a in every bite!
Best falafel in town. It melts in your mouth. So tasty and fresh. In addition to the food they are very nice people who let you try before buying.
Excellent customer service!!!!!!! Great falafel... Get the spicy falafel snacker....Oh and the banana milk shake gets an A+
Really surprised by all the rave reviews here. I feel like Yelp led me astray. Always on the quest for a good falafel my husband and I drove over for lunch midweek. Since there's no parking nearby, he dropped me off and I went in to order. All the platters sounded essentially the same, so I'm not even sure which I ordered. I thought I was getting something with a lot of hummus and falafel like the lady in front of me but I ended up with a ton of questionably fresh veggies and falafel with a tiny bit of hummus. Nobody explained that I needed to ring myself up as I stood there looking like an idiot and the lunch rush creating a line behind me. I got asked for change while ringing myself up from a guy off the street that apparently panhandles inside. Not their fault, and not at all surprising given the area. Just awkward as I'm standing there with my wallet out. The guys working there were great and offered to make me a batch of fresh falafel, but I declined as I'd already been waiting about 15 mins with only a couple of orders ahead of me. I waited a lot longer for the food than I thought reasonable, smelled like a deep fryer the rest of the day, and the food was just alright. If I worked next door, I'd go back, but not planning to go out my way any time soon.
The freshest, most amazing wheat pita bread I've ever eaten! Had the spicy falafel plate, the falafels were perfectly cooked and had just the right amount of spice. Tried a bite of my boyfriends baklava and liked that as well. It's hard to make a bad food choice here!
Best falafel ever!!!Awesome food and staff .It's my first visit to San Francisco, too bad I won't be able to enjoy it again soon :(
I try to avoid anything that blasts itself as vegan/vegetarian but make an exception for falafel. Seeing as I was visiting the somewhat grimy area for the first time, had to Yelp some food options. Falafel. Boom, hopefully it's as good as my spots in NY or Israel. The owner was super cool. Had to wait a bit, but for fresh made falafel you can wait. Got my toppings in, sauces, and got the quick street food meal my body craved. Stop by, you wouldn't even know this place exists in tenderloin.
It's a one man show. And his t-shirt says it all ... He's the F-man just like the super-man!! The food is quick to go .... Easy to eat .... Freaking delicious. But mostly I was impressed by the energy and happiness the guy there (he was the only one in that dive-like place!!) Served everyone. I think that added a lot more flavor and character to the food.If you need a quick bite of a pita sandwich and your are in the hood catching a theater show (like i was) - you gotta fly by the flying falafel haha ;)!!
It's okay falafel. Had better. Great service and definitely a great option for falafel in SF, but I've had better.
best foodbest positive personalitybest show!keep up the good work
Everything here is vegan.  The falafel was delicious and filling. The wait time though, was long ! The good news is they got onto EAT24 and take orders from there. Which leaves you the duty of just collecting it. This is esp helpful on cold evenings. The place is a small hole in the wall. And the street isn't hip enough for you to stand and eat there. So eventually you've to go somewhere else and eat it. Which sucks if you, like me, want to eat it as soon as you smell the aroma. But the falafel was good.
Was really put off by the guy handling paper money and touching your pita without their hands afterwards... The falafel was 4 stars though. The pocket was meh.
The food is amazing and delicious. The service is great! A great quick and fulfilling bite to eat for lunch on the go!
I mean it was okay but not even close to what I consider a good falafel.Also. Its pretty pricey for what you get. I was left with a soggy mess of a pita and a disappointing lunch.
The falafel is top notch. The menu is dead simple (get falafel or hummus or why are you here?). The guys working there are awesome and frequently give out free samples of the pita or the falafel. Couldn't recommend it enough to anyone looking for a quick falafel fix.
glad to see these folks are getting some good business, it has got to be tough to succeed in the food industry in this town. But they will succeed, for good reason! their falafel are damn tasty! good condiments, good spicy sauce, nice people, easy order. And god damn, that banana shake is hubba-hubba good ! price is on point, portions are healthy, all is well ! where else in this town can you get a falafel pita and banana shake for $10 bucks ???I stop by there regularly, so don't get in the way of my flying falafel! only a couple seats on the sidewalk, so get it to go, or just stand around on market st and watch the freak show go by.
The spicy Pocket - Can't go wrong.I was walking and yelping when I found a 5 star place within 50 feet of my path. This place is a hoot! I could tell by the range of locals that this is like the best stationary food truck around. Food was fresh, service was engaging. The 'flying' part of the Falafel apparently is the acrobatics they take when they finish off your dish. A bit of a performance. I appreciated the easy-to order system on the iPad and the friendly service. Many locals and repeat customers.a must stop for fresh food and brilliant execution.
This guy hit the falafel home run out of the ball park. Sampling the spicy falafel ball I knew I would be giving him 5 stars. As another yelper said ratio is crucial. He was right...Every bite has a falafel in it. Fresh veggies, hot sauce and spicy falafel give just enough kick, so many layers of flavor. Assaf is a comedian, super friendly, approachable and a business man with a mission to bring affordable quality food in quantity. That doesn't exist with most small stands or food trucks here in the city. All the bacon wrapped hot dog stands in SF want 5 bucks for a cheap ass hotdog made on a cookie sheet over a sterno, I'll pass! Back to falafel talk....$5 snacker is extremely filling! He has the formula down and I know in time he will expand. Hands down the best falafel I've had in the city. Onward and upward for The Flying Falafel! I'll be back for the banana milk shake.
Falafel did taste decent, but it was a mess to eat :))The downer for me was the big diarrhea i got after eating it. It's a cute service, but don't expect the cleanest food around here :((
I've been walking around few times and today I decide to walk in! So the results are wow! What a cool place! The Falafel is delicious! I took the snack witch is half pita with homos salads and falafel.. The service was great!For sure I'll be back!!!
Best food experience I've had in a long while. So nice. Talkative. Gave everyone treats while we waited. And the FOOD!!!! Ahhhhh hype
Great street food. Eat gluten free on the cheap without feeling like there wasn't enough variety on your plate. Friendly staff, fast, and free samples! The banana shake is awesome.
Having been to the infamous L'as Du Falafell in Paris, my bar is set pretty high when it comes to falafel sandwiches. I'm happy to report, this place doesn't disappoint!The "original baller" himself--Asaf-- is friendly and he knows a thing or two about the perfect balance between balls and fixings. With a characterization like that, what's not to like?! He layers the sauces, veggies and falafel into each pita so you get a little bit of everything in each bite. And he does a few Benihana toss-and-catch moves with the pita pockets to keep you entertained while he moves like a ninja in his closet-sized kitchen. He even has two kinds of falafel balls to choose from: the original sesame, and spicy!And the bread, ugh! don't get me started. It's fresh, soft, and full of nutty wheat flavor. All in all, if you're looking for good falafel in San Francisco, this is the place.
A.M. I really enjoy their falafel pockets, yet I'm disappointed they refuse to make an order ahead of time when I call in for a to-go. If I call in for a to-go I expect to get my order on the fly when arrive, instead of having to wait for them to make my order once I arrive. Kinda defeats the purpose of calling in for a to-go. I'll return, just not as often since I usually want a to-go order as I'm in a hurry heading to work.P.M.I've increased my rating a star for the quick response from management. I'm looking for the change.
The full falafel had so many crispy and warm deep fried falafel balls and smothered with layers of hot sauce and tahini sauces that is a delight to eat. Order by phone and wait outside for it and bring cash. Delicious see the pictures.
BEST vegan food I've ever had.
The falafels are great! The guy that serves them is very nice and let's you try them before. I suggest you to get the falafel and hummus combo. The price is perfect and you get way more than what you pay.You can pay cash or credit card.
This place is good. I appreciate that they take tons of care with the food. My boyfriend's pita had a tiny rip in it and they noticed it prior to serving it and decided to remake it completely. My only feedback would be that the components that make up a single pita tend to eat separately. Meaning, you get 3 whole mouthfuls of hummus at the end or a whole ton of veggies at once instead of getting a little of each flavor in every bite. However, it is definitely good and a good value.
Met Assaf and his mother at Very Vegan Sunday at SoMa Streat Food Park yesterday. OMG I now know where to get my falafel fix! The pocket I got is honestly the best I've ever had. The falafels flavorful and crispy on the outside without being too dense on the inside. The pita bread is the best I've ever had. There's something to be said about the passion they channel into what they do and it makes amazing food.Even after hitting their booth once early in our little food tour around the park, we had to end our trip by getting more from them so we'd have leftovers to nibble on later in the day.Hubby and I will definitely be visiting their shop in SF and will be dragging friends there to try it!One note though, their hummus was definitely their weak point in our opinions. I'd give it a 3 stars. It's solid but nothing mind blowing compared to others I've had or make at home.
The hype is real and Assaf is indeed the man. That vegan banana milkshake is to die for and was perfect for my girlfriend who can't have dairy. Assaf will very warmly dole out samples to anyone who can hear him, and even gave someones dog a pita treat. The falafel pocket was incredible though, definitely the best falafel I've had in the bay area so far (coming from Dearborn, MI the bar was set high.) Oh, and it's super affordable. Highly recommend.
Yumm.. Unhealthy deliciousness :) will be back
Some of the best falafel found in this town. Asaf, the proprietor, is a bardy guy that takes great pride his work and is a delight to talk to. A nice highlight on the oft dreary Market street !!
Looking for a quick vegan lunch and found this place on Yelp. It's totally awesome. Super fresh falafel, pita is yummy and very generous on fillings. The guy running it is a darling too. Go!!
Great food, enjoyed a lot with the dishes. Love to be back again
Super fast and super delicious, the pitas are made fresh. Remember to wait in the pick up line after you order or else you'll awkwardly stand outside for a while.
Good lawd!!!! This place was amazing I got the pocket mixed with spicy and sesame felafel and a banana shake and I seriously think this is the best felafel I have ever had in my life so delicious I recommend this place for sure!
Dropped by here just now after reading the review on eater. Saw it was a cheap lunch and thought hey, a mediocre meal for $7 is better than a mediocre meal for $14. It was not mediocre. In fact, it was quite delicious!Spicy falafel pocket was stuffed with veggies and left this big eater quite satisfied. The owner was really nice and I hope this place stays around for a long time!One tip, it'd be nice if the pocket was completely wrapped, maybe like a burrito. I had to walk back to my office through the poo and piss filled 6th and mission streets with an uncovered pita pocket. Some shielding would've been nice.
The falafel tastes delicious, especially with the spice. The owner is also very eager to offer recommendations and has some great enthusiasm. I've been going here for lunch these last couple of weeks and I've never been disappointed.
This is seriously the best falafel I've ever had. I'm so stoked about this place opening up in SF, because now the only thing standing between me and this delicious food is a short BART trip across the bay... Super close to the Civic Center BART stop also, BTW.Excellent food and you cannot beat the service! Also, the banana milkshake is basically perfection.
Even though my order was wrong (used EAT24) hands down best falafel I have ever had. The portion is huge for the price. The spicy falafel sandwich thing is what I got...I ordered the plate but no worries these high tech apps get all kinds of complicated. The guy that delivered was super nice too. I wish they delivered to Orange County hahah. Thanks for delivering to my hotel room, I'm that lazy. You guys are awesome.
Probably the best falafel I've ever had! Got the pocket and the hot sauce did not make it too spicy at all. Just right!Friendly service and you CAN pay by card! Loved it!
Good and authentic falafel. All ingredients fresh and perfect including pita bread. Prices reasonable.
Falafels were flying out the door at this Market Street institution, both in take away boxes and as hot little morsels of goodness being tossed to guests waiting for their lunches. Great service and tremendous food.
X-cellent! Pretty much what everybody else says is all true. Fresh, tasty, and cheap. Adult portions. Hope they can open a bigger place.
Love, love, love this place. Great vibe. Best felafel I've had in a long time. I'm thrilled to have s plane by home that is affordable and delicious. The owner, Assaf has a great personality. Everything is made to order and fresh. The toppings are delicious. Love the horseradish. Quickly becoming my go to place for lunch.
Wish i could give more than 5!My go to place for a fast delicious fix;The falafel is fresh, and the pita bread is amazing!Simply can't turn down my only healthy craving whenever I'm in the area hehe.
Move aside Falafel Drive In. Theres a new king of bay areas falafel. And this one happens to be a little hole in the wall in downtown SF.Falafels are great: crispy on the outside and soft on thr inside. They serve their dishes with copious hummus and veggies, which actually makes tge meal have some decent nutritional value. Was not dissapointed with the portions of the $7 plate, and if you dont get pita tgey give you a couple extra falafel balls!
Best falafel in SF!
Veggie food that's sooo good. Friendly staff too.
After waiting 15 minutes for my falafel, the same two people ahead of me are also waiting. WTF? I'm not sure I'll return. This service sucks. Very disappointed. I know the food is good, but slow service will kill any business.
As a meat eater, I rarely eat falafel, but when a place is called The Flying Falafel, you don't really have a choice. After trying this place out, I will gladly choose to come back! I never imagined that so many fresh ingredients could be stuffed into a single pita pocket. I opted for the spicy falafels, which had just the right amount of kick. I typically avoid vegan dishes for fear that I won't get full, but my hunger was satisfied. I'll be back!
Just order the falafel pita pocket with all the fix-ins... And don't ask questions. Oh and don't forgot to order the random yet delicious banana milkshake. I wouldn't recommend ordering a falafel plate unless you are taking it back to work/home to eat because it's hard to eat a plate while standing up on Market street.
This is a really good lunch spot! The falafel isn't dry, the ingredients are fresh, and the customer service is great!
Mom and I went to The Flying Falafel before seeing Matilda at the Orpheum. We were in the mood for a low key dinner, and we are oh so thankful to yelp for steering us here! We both got the regular sized pits pocket, made to order with half spicy/half regular falafel, and whatever of the available toppings we wanted. I have had many a falafel, and boy does The Flying Falafel get it right! While waiting for our falafel to cook (remember I said made to order!! :) we met a guy that goes by "Red" and proceeded to share the small table outside as we enjoyed our pitas. It was a great experience all around! We will be back!
This place has fresh pita that is gluten free. You can tell but since it tastes fresh so it does not matter. Everything tastes fresh and delicious. And do not get me started on the Falafel. It feels like it is flying in your mouth because it is so good. That's why it is called The Flying Falafel. Best falafel in San Francisco
Amazing. I had the spicy falafel pita with all the sauces and veggies (however the guy wanted to fix it) and it was pretty mind blowing.
I LOVED being at the Flying Falafel! Love!It's a tiny place with no seats on busy Market Street (they're thankfully looking for a larger location), but it's such a special little place.It feels fun just being there, the guys are so super friendly (Assaf the owner is warm and wonderful), they give out free samples of their thick pita bread and scrumptious little falafel. Yes, they falafelized me and I enjoyed every minute of it!I can't wait to get back. Go here and enjoy the experience! Love!
Lots and lots of falafels in their pitas, extra large pitas to accommodate all the falafel, great sauces and soooo nice. I am a believer! And they are vegan!
The best falafel in town .. Just checking on yelp to search some good falafel place to eat and flayt falafel show up I go to check the place and I definitely recommended to go to this place
it Tastes good. But maybe they need to wash hand first after handling the cash! I suggest to use plastic gloves!
This is a small walk up and take away facility on Market Street. There are about four chairs outside with a table. The line can get very long depending on the time of the day so call ahead if pressed for time. The falafel pita is amazing and well worth the wait.
Got the falafel plate and a banana shake. Great taste, good price. Will have to try the sandwich soon.
Food was fresh, flavorful and plenty, and we got had the nicest service from Jueso. A delightful hole in the wall-give it a try!
Came in here ignorant of the amazing yelp reviews of this place. I can verify- it is indeed worth 5 stars. Came in when it was pretty quiet, Assaf immediately offered me a sample falafel, and I snarfed it down. A carnivore at heart, I left right afterward to pursue more meaty offerings, but not before Assaf offered me a steamy delicious pita sample on the way out. A block or two away, my taste buds were craving more, so I went back and got the full pita ($7) sandwich.Man, was it a good decision. As if the amazingly friendly Assaf wasn't enough, the food was incredible. I've sampled some damn good falafel when I visited Israel, and this is up there with some of the best. The most impressive thing was the construction of the sandwich. Assaf fried garbanzo balls in front of me, and then expertly tossed them into the open pita, hurling heaps of fresh veggies on top. The trick was in the layers- he alternated between fresh tomato, sweet pickled carrot, cucumber, lettuce, and hot sauce and tahini.As always with falafel, if you can handle the heat- go for spicy. It's got a fuller flavor and is well worth your singed taste buds. The falafel are fresh, crispy and yet perfect on the inside, and the pita itself was delicious. I was most impressed with the freshness of the vegetables, especially the taste of those sweet carrots. Mmm.
This is a total hole in the wall spot. What more can I say other than great falafel and great service. The key is that they have house made pita bread, warmed perfectly, and falafel that's cooked fresh to order. The downside is that your order takes a minute or two longer than you expect, but it's totally worth the wait. I wish these guys the best of luck, and hope they're soon able to expand to other locations throughout the city. Great food at a great price, highly recommended!
falatel pocket sandwich with goodness
Where in the city can you get quick, fresh, healthy, affordable food? Congrats, you found your new spot. You're going to be full after the pocket pita, but don't leave without trying the milkshake. Did I mention they PACK the falafel pita with veggie's? Heaven.
Just OK, but not sure what they hype is all about.Pros: sandwiches big and full, two guys that work there are really nice. Cons: the non-falafel part of the sandwich is a little bland. Not remotely as good as the sandwiches you get on the streets of Cairo or Beirut or Jerusalem, and not particularly authentic, but I guess it's passable for a random place in SF.
This is the way a falafel should be served, freshly cooked balls served with a lot of heart. Only been open for 41 days and they've figured it out. Super nice guys to chat with as they 'cook your balls'. Would have been 5 Stars but the neighborhood was just the teensy bit-ish sketchy at night, It's pretty much a whole in the wall and you stand on the street while you eat. I split The Pocket with my daughter, super tasty. When I got to the bottom of my pocket I asked for a bit more tahini sauce, so good! Enjoy!
Yay! A great bargain and the sammies are totally stuffed. I hope they can open more then just a hole in the wall location next. Seems they really try to hire nice folks too which I appreciate.
Yummiest Falafels and a Happy place! We placed an order online and went there to pick it up. The owners are fun and will surely keep you entertained as well! Overall a great place for a quick falafel fix! :)
GET THE POCKET! I'm not a big falafel kinda girl, and ended up getting the plate (too much food for me, and definitely not as easy to eat on the go, but it had hummus, which was amazing), but ended up completely jealous of my friend, who got the pocket. The falafel was freshly fried and put in the fluffiest, most delicious pita bread, with a kajillion different toppings. And all under 10 bucks! They also have a smaller version of the pocket, if you don't eat much like me.
Was visiting my SO in Berkeley and he took me to this little hole in the wall that promised amazing falafel pita sandwiches. It didn't disappoint! The spicy falafels were delicious and the place had a variety of toppings (pickles, cucumbers, tomatoes, mango sauce, etc). The workers were caring and interested in their customers! Will definitely come back next time I'm in San Fran.
This is an amazing eatery. Amazing people work here.Their falafel is fresh and very yummy. We had their plateme and pocket, both of them the spicy version. It was very good.5 stars is not enough for the food and the people who work here
The long line is worth the wait. Fresh, flavorful, and filling!
Tasty falafel stuff in a fresh pita with tons o tasty veggie sides tossed in. Top notch. May be habit forming.
As an Israeli I'm very picky about my falafel. This place has the best recipe- fluffy pitta, fresh veggies and a friendly owner. Just like back home!
The mother of all falafel. Simply superb every time. Seriously they throw their pita at you while you wait. Why wouldn't you go here? The guys helping you order are really helpful too. Even if you aren't vegetarian or vegan this place is a home run.
The felafel is fresh and crispy. YUM! The pita pocket and all the goodies inside are made with love. The price is perfect for my budget. The staff are wonderful. Even with the wait in line, the food is fast. I got to the theater with time to digest. I'm so grateful I could enjoy a night in SF and not spend my entire paycheck.
One of the best falafel sandwiches I've had since NYC. The line can get a little long but it is well worth the wait. Lots of veggies and full of flavor. I saved some for later and it was still delicious 4 hours later. The staff was very friendly and helped with any questions I had. I loved that they didn't throw out any bread but gave the cuttings from the pita away to people waiting in line. Highly recommend this place!!
First time having a choice of half or full falafel. Others, one size. Either full pita- stuff and roll or pita cut in two and stuffed.- why do they steam their pita? uugh chewy. - why do they cut off 1/4 of their pita for a full pocket order? open the pita top for access to the pocket, i like my carb.- how many falafel for a full vs half order? count.+ good spice kick
Five stars for what it is - hole in the wall pita stand-  You see everything behind the counter and it was clean and fresh.  We ordered two hand held pockets.  DELICIOUS!
This is my first and last stop when I'm in San Francisco. Mouthwatering incredible goodness! The best falafel pita pockets you'll ever have. And as a vegan I finally can enjoy the deliciousness of baklava. I wish they were in LA!!
From the reviews and pictures we instantly recognized the guy working at the front and he gave us pita samples as soon as we entered. He probably knew it was our first time so he piled on the toppings for us. The falafel pocket was delicious but next time we'll definitely be asking for more sauce! Not a big fan of the falafel balls themselves and the cinnamon baklava was alright.
This is totally very Hyped falafal place. Falafal balls - 2* were frozen, they were very oilyPita bread - 2.5* although they say its fresh pita, i did not find it fresh in any way they may be made fresh but not actually fresh. If you have tried the Falafal Stop in Sunnyvale, CA than you would not like this place at all.
This place is so bomb! They are generous with their portions and relatively inexpensive. If you love Mediterranean, this place is a MUST TRY.
Simply the best falafel youll get. I love the way the guys pile up all the ingredients into the pita so that its possible to taste everything at ones.
The spicy falafel was fulfilling but not too heavy and was refreshing as well as the dolmas. Baklavas were really good. Good kind hearted customer service.
I LOVE this place. Vegan friendly, run by a UC Berkeley graduate (GO BEARS!) and truly great food. So far I've only had the spicy falafel pocket but WOW it is great. Just the right amount of spicy, for me; not too heavy -- in fact, it feels like I'm eating something healthy! -- and the bread, oh my goodness, the bread. It's magical. I also love that they are on a rough part of Market Street, fighting the good fight to make that area more hospitable to pedestrians and other businesses.
The falafel was so good, but the downside is that the line is extremely long. If you have the time, definitely have to go and try. High recommended. Definitely coming back to try the other items on the menu.
Very very tasty. Very friendly. Will give free samples!
Best Falafel in San Francisco! I love your restaurant and it's the best feeling when I can take my out-of-town friends here for the first time. Thank you for being warm and welcoming, and providing quality food!
Falafel was ok, albeit frozen. The pita bread fell apart as I was eating the falafel so I highly doubt it was fresh and the hummus tasted like it came from a can. That said, the service was nice and friendly.
The Flying Falafel is about a block from my office, so I eat there at least once a week. I didn't even know I liked falafel before eating there, and the food has consistently fantastic so I don't expect to stop any time soon. Their actual falafel balls are delicious, but there's really no part of their sandwiches that isn't top-quality. The pita in particular is the best I've ever had.
Really tasty ! I thought by the picture sign out front that there would be gyros or some other kind of meat. Nope ! But that's ok ! My fianc wanted to try it still and we were both glad we did. Great flavor and quick paced friendly service added to the experience. Even received a sample cause they asked if we were first timers. The numb, intense faced look on one guest that had been there before said it all for me. He was ready for seconds like a pig hunting dog ready for the next round !
If you've ever lamented the dearth of decent falafel in the Bay Area... Flying falafel has come to rescue you. I'm talking homemade pita bread, salads cut the right size, and damn good balls. All layered just right. This is the best you'll get in San Francisco. And it'll be served to you by the cute & charming owner. I only wish there were a spot to sit down & enjoy every bite.
The service and food here is amazing. Alex is awesome! Here from out of town and stopped in because of 5-star rating, it's well deserved.
Ordered food for delivery for the first time from this restaurant while staying at a local SF hotel. Unfortunately, neither of the two selections came with the pita bread they were supposed to bring!! We requested forks and knives and that did not come either. :-( Called the place and got no answer!!!
Best falafel I've ever had and the service was impeccable. Alex took care of us and treated us like kings, he deserves a raise!
The best pita bread I've ever had in my entire life and I'm from the middle east. I think it might even be whole wheat? It's not white like what I'm used to. The pita is soft and fluffy. They steam them so it always tastes like it's fresh out of the oven. Since it was my first time there, they allow you a sample of the falafel. I thought mmm, that was a nice sample. This is a small store, no tables or chairs. You order from their tablet and within a few minutes your order will be ready. They have a ton of veggie options which I like. The reason for the minus star is that the falafel sample I got, was what was in the pita bread. It's not the round falafel balls I'm used to, it's tiny bits of them fried. Though some people may like the extra crunchy bits, I prefer to bite into something more meatier. Don't forget to get a stamp card.
Very friendly people working there.I shared the Plate me with my bf. We couldn't finish it. My bf is from Israel, and he thinks it tastes more authentic than most places we've tried in America so far.
Excellent spot, caught this place traveling on the budget. Super customer service from Alex the falafel king! Go with "The Pocket" you can't go wrong enjoy, absolutely delicious. Also you can feel the good vibe just radiating from this place, strong love vibe. The reggae pulled me in. Cheers.
Soooo good! Will definitely come back again. so flavorful and the spice was just right.
Food is delicious but the service is fantastic! It was my first time and the staff was extremely patient. He took his time explaining the menu and even gave me a free sample. I had the pocket sandwich and the falafel was really flavorful. Will definitely come back again! :D
One of the best sandwiches I've ever had. The sauces and falafel were clearly homemade. The pita is not gluten free. Everything else is. Run to get this sandwich !
Just really great falafel. They give you extra bites and pita while you're waiting in line. I'm not generally a fan of falafel but I found their's excellent. Try the spicy falafel bites with the extra accouterments.
Amazing falafel! Definitely was worth the long walk from our office to check it out! No seating but lots of parks and such nearby.
Let's see... Fresh, soooo delicious... and the owner makes you feel all warm and fuzzy and happy to be there. Really cant imagine a better experience all-around! Hurray for awesome new places!
I went there with my family for lunch during the Long Weekend. We had the Flying Falafel Pocket and it was the best Falafel I`ve ever had. The portions are quite large and the best time to go is when you`re really, really hungry. Also, a special mention to the Cinnamon Baklava, which was so awesome that we ordered 4 more. Very friendly and patient staff. 5 stars is the least I can give.
Best falafel in town.
After a brisk walk from the financial district, my appetite was huge and my expectations high. I did have to wait a few minutes for the falafels, luckily the owner was a very friendly fella. The perfectly steamed pita, flavorful falafels that melt in your mouth and explosion of flavors from the toppings and sauces exceeded expectations and has me wishing I had tried the baklava. Until next time flying falafel...
What a great business! Great food, friendly to clueless tourists like us. Enjoyed all of it
The service is amazing! As soon as my sister and I walked up to the little counter the man in the back offered us a sample of their freshly baked and delicious pita bread. We both ordered their falafel pita pocket with lots of veggies. This was the first time we have ever had falafels and they were very good! It can be difficult to find cheap and yummy vegan options around but this is the place to be. The prices are reasonable and we are coming back next time we visit San Francisco.
Fresh, great taste, convenient, positive energy staff, won't break the bank for an Amazing pocket meal!! Highly recommend & you can order in advance too. God Bless !!
What an amazing little place, such good food, BIG portions, and a couple of very friendly guys working this place. I went in for the first time a couple of weeks ago to check out how a place can get so many five stars, and quickly found out that they deserve all of them!
Believe the hype! Totally amazing crunchy little falafel balls stuffed into soft, fluffy, warm pita along with delicious sauces and crunchy vegetables (not just sad anemic tomatoes and watery lettuce). Everything's vegan and as soon as I walked up I was handed a spicy falafel ball to sample, and soon after a little cup of banana milkshake. I'll be back many times!
Yum! This place is worth the trip. Freshly baked pita (this ain't no grocery store bread), warm, soft falafel balls, and delicious, fresh ingredients. Also sweet guys working there. Can't wait to get back to try the baklava and banana shake.
Delicious falafel, all vegan, served with a smile. Tiny little place on Market - you'll find it because it's the place with a crowd out front. The best wheat pita bread, crispy falafel, loaded up with hummus, cucumber, tomato, cabbage, some other veggies, and a variety of sauces. My husband gets his with spicy falafel and spicy sauce.
Quick, fresh and friendly. The staff is always friendly, they clearly love their job. The "restaurant" is a tiny hole in the wall so you can see your food being prepared and they gladly make it to order.
We tried spicy pocket when we were coming back from our detour of Market street. It's very tine place kind of a hall in a wall but definitely a good find. falafels are very tasty and crunchy. And pita bread is very fresh. The guy who made our pocket, gave us tasting for both pita and falafel and also advised to go with pocket. We adored the pocket and finished it within 5 minutes (guess we were too hungry) YUM !!!
I usually don't write reviews, but this was the best falafel I've had. The pita pocket was soft and warm. Takes some time to get your order at the lunch rush, but it was worth it.
Wow. Found this place because of a Vegan friend and I were hungry and in the neighborhood. The wait was almost 30min! But WOAH! It was worth every second. I don't even like falafel!!! It's hot and moist and fresh and DELICIOUS! The pita bread alone was good enough for me to go back. I'm definitely going to have cravings for flying falafel.
super bland, bad pita, tasteless hummus, no flavor. Very disappointing.
Cheap and nice. The portion size is just right and it is really fast to get served. A must try!
The falafel is delightful and I had to hold myself back from devouring the baklava. Deliciousness all around.
The location may seem strange, but the food is fantastic. Falafel is fresh and perfectly cooked - I tried both the spicy and regular. While I prefer the spicy, the classic option is also crispy and flavorful. Pita is fresh and I was offered a sample while I read over the menu. This was during a slow late afternoon, but there is often a line at lunch, so maybe the samples aren't common? Either way great food and great service. I enjoyed the full pocket which ended up being very filling. Definitely recommend, especially for the neighborhood.
Amazing hole in the wall. I agree such a difference gluten free made to my appreciation of falafel sandwich. To top it off, sauerkraut as a topping!!!
Hole in the wall, literally, but that just adds to the awesomeness.This place is literally the bar setter for falafel. This place is a walkup counter where you place your own order on an ipad. Two guys behind the counter are slanging 1" diameter falafel balls like crack, throwing them onto of dollops of hummus surrounded by an assortment of veggies, packed into fresh hot pockets of pita with all the fixings, or just throwing 10 of them in a bag for snacking. Plus, like any successful dealer, they often hand out bite-sized pieces of hot, steamy pita bread to get you hooked.I got a full pocket with spicy sauce and it was amazing. Soft, fresh pita, tons of veggies and hummus, and as many falafel balls that could be packed in. My wife got the falafel plate and it was a TON of veggies with hummus in the middle and falafel balls dropped all around it. The veggie ratio was overwhelming but better too much than not enough.I ordered the cinnamon baklava but did not realize they forgot to give it to me until I got back to our hotel.Downside: Its on a sketchy stretch of Market so stay alert when in the area. I witnessed a guy urinating in the middle of the sidewalk facing the street on the same block. Not cool, but Id go there again in a heartbeat the next time I am in town.
Hands down best falafel I've ever had, don't let the lines intimidate you, they move fast! Excited to come back again and try to baklava and milkshake!
First, a disclaimer: I grew up in Israel, so I am used to higher standard of Falafel than most Americans.I came to the Flying Falafel looking for a pre-theater dinner. Given the rave reviews and reading that an Israeli runs the place, I had high expectations, but was disappointed. This falafel fails to impress me even in American standards.The good: the service was really friendly, the Banana milkshake was tasty, the price is great for SF, the portions are generous and I liked the spicing.The bad:The pita: I've read that this place gets freshly baked Pita every morning. This should've been a huge plus in my book. Unfortunately, when I got the Pita in the evening, they used steaming to restore it's freshness. The result is a chewy, unpleasant texture. Which is a pity because it seems like it couldv'e been excellent Pita in the morning. I get less chewy texture when I defrost frozen Pitas in the microwave at home ... The falafel balls: the spicing is good, but I didn't like the texture. It was overly dense and very oily. This seems the oil was not hot enough. Making good falafel requires a fine control of frying oil temperature. If it's too hot, the balls get brown outside while underdone inside. If it's not hot enough (as in this case), it soaks oil and gets overcooked inside. When it's just right, the outside is crispy and the inside is moist and fluffy. They definitely didn't get it right, at least when I tried it.
go here and eat; but a tip: must be consumed ASAP. Or else the SOG ensues. Asaf, the owner, recommended that i get a 50/50 mix of Sesame and Spicy Falafel Balls.
gotta love the salads that go inside that solid Pita , everything goes well together , falafel balls themselves are not what makes that sandwich perfect , its all the other ingredients , great fast service . great spot if you are craving falafel .
Got myself a full pita pocket falafel sandwich spicy. It was really good. It had an assorted mix of pickled and fresh vegetables and some great sauce on it. Definitely recommend it and the guy running the place was really nice.
First time here and Hands down best falafel in SF and nicest staff I've come across anywhere in my 3 years in SF.  Returning for sure weekly!
Amazing food and fast service - what more can you ask for :-)
The best falafel in San Francisco!! The spicy pocket and dolmas are a must try. Reasonably priced too. I could eat here every day.
Doesn't feel right to give them anything less than five stars. Everything I said in the former review still stands, except they actually do have some seating. And the food is still wonderful.
This place was amazing. Great staff and great food!
Saw you guys at the vegan festival at lake merritt today and never had such good falafel!!! Major kudos!
So good! I had the combo with a pocket and banana milkshake and it was magnificent. Fresh ingredients and very tasty. The spicy sauce is quite spicy indeed but the banana milkshake is the perfect balance for it. Staff is really nice and friendly too. Ordering is made on the iPad on the counter.
Born in San Francisco, and knowing the falafel scene extremely well, I can say hands-down, this new spot takes the crown. It's the best falafel in San Francisco unparalleled by anyone else! Fresh baked pita bread, and an extremely tasty, and perfectly cooked ball. This is my new go to spot
While you should be warned that there is no seating, this place more than makes up for it with its truly incredible food. Both my wife and I's food was treated like a work of art while he was making it and it showed in the finished product. The portions were also large for the price and I would absolutely go here again if I ever found myself in the area again.
Falafel are really good. Pita bread is fresh. The only problem is that the pocket bread is fully stuffed with different salads which makes eating the sandwich very messy... Delicious components make it absolutely worth it. All in all highly recommended
This place is seriously awesome. I went here during a trip to visit a school I'm going to transfer to, and after seeing the yelp reviews (and it was a short walk from my hotel too!) I had to check this place out. The staff was super friendly, the main guy who builds the pitas is really a character. You can tell he puts his all into his work which is really admirable. And the FOOD oh my gosh I was in falafel heaven. I got the spicy pita (which isn't like spicy spicy, so even if you don't like hot foods I would recommend it) and it was just so tasty and good. The spices were awesome. Definetly go to this place if you're in SF. It's the tits.
This is by far the best falafel I have had since coming to San Francisco! The workers are really fun and are killing it business-wise. I can personally say that this is authentic as I have travelled internationally and experienced it first hand.
Best falafel I've had in a while. Great, friendly quick takeout service. Really fresh ingredients. Yum!
Delicious hot Falafel. The guy at the counter was a gem. (He gave us poor students extra Falafel) It's hard not to give them 5 Stars, but they really need to put in some chairs for us to sit and enjoy their food.
My office is about 4 doors down and I came by today for a spicy falafel pocket, with great pickles, vegetables, and sauces, and banana cashew shake -- 5 stars!! Great price, extremely friendly staff, and awesome product! I will be a regular here.The Flying Falafel is definitely better for carry out, don't expect to eat here; LOVE that they let you try the great pita and falafels while you're waiting in line.
The food is really good but I took one star off because it's really small and there's no place to eat inside and the line was very long during lunch hour. Also, I ordered "the plate" which included salad but they didn't give us napkins or a fork. Good place for lunch, though.
I've tried a few falafels here and there and this was one of the best I've had. It's not just the food but the guy working there really loves what he's doing and is really chill to talk to. He'll mess around with the customers and joke with people coming in. I'd go here a few times a week for the food and the talks
If you are on market street and hungry give Flying Falafel a try! The warm fresh pita pocket with falafel and veggies is delish! I also recommend the cinnamon baklava is yummy too! I'll be back soon :-)
Fantastic, crispy falafel with sesame and spicy options. Very quick, casual and a great stop for food on my way home. Highly recommended.
Hands down the best falafel I've ever had! Saw this place had 5 stars on yelp, had to try it, and it definitely deserves 5 stars. The "Baller" taking orders, owner possibly, funny guy, great personality, makes this place shine. A little diamond in the loin, flavors are bursting! Must try for anyone! Well priced and I will be returning!
Bomb.com! So beyond stoked that this place is in SF! Best falafel in the city, hands down. Also, beyond amazing that EVERYTHING on the menu is vegan!!! Thank you, thank you for being here, Flying Falafel!!! Super stoked on the vegan banana milkshakes, too!!!!!
Loved the food and the way they make it. Pita bread and the falafel balls are just awesome.Also tried baklava and it's was truly amazing. Highly recommend it.
Tiny place. Short wait for food. Friendly guys behind the counter. Delicious spicy falafel with lots of fresh toppings. Banana milkshake the only disappointment. It was tasty-- but warm!
Fellas - you let me down tonight. I used to eat here for lunch regularly when I worked down the street and loved the food and the service. Tonight though, I ordered two snackers with spicy falafel over the phone, and when I showed up I was charged for two pockets (no big deal), but then they were made with sesame falafel to "get me out of there faster". Definitely a disappointment.
Went in 30 minutes before closing, no line whatsoever, very quick service, amazing pita pocket!
Excellent food, wonderful people. What more could you ask for? I especially love the spicy falafels though you could definitely do 50/50 spicy to regular. Assaf is always super welcoming and has piping hot falafel samples ready!!
The first time we visited The Flying Falafel my plate was pretty bland. The hummus had no distinctive flavor. I'm not one to waste food but there were lots of filler vegetables on my plate. The second time we attended this ~primal gathering of falafel feasting~ I was pleasantly surprised. The key is to customize your order! And I mean really take a good moment to unveil your true falafel senses because that is when you will get a good taste of what The Flying Falafel has to offer. We went for a spicy falafel with more cucumber and tomato, parsley, tahini, and extra falafel on the side. Such a difference was made and we devoured the whole dish. We took it to the food court at the mall since the standing-only table was taken outside. Not a problem. (: Thanks Flying Falafel! P.s. Be sure to check out their super rad video featuring the owner himself.
I travel to Europe quite a bit, and always find time to have falafel. This place is the closest I've been able to find in the States to what I have in Europe. Very friendly staff, fresh made ingredients and soft bread. Highly recommend!
The food is phenomenal and the location is great right by the streetcar on powell and market. Definitely stop by... the service is great too!! We got the hummus plate and a falafel plate and both were on point!
The driest most flavorless falafel I've ever had. Wheat pita dry and bland as well. I don't understand the lines at this place.
I checked out this place for lunch last week and it was pretty good. They give you a sample of the fresh falafel when you walk in the door. There isn't seating in the restaurant and it seems like most people order this through GrubHub/get it for take-out, but it's worth stopping by to try if you're looking for good falafel in the area.
The falafel here is super flavorful and the owner Assaf is a super nice guy. On top of that, he will flip falafel balls into your pita like a skilled benihana chef. Respect.
They were really nice. The atmosphere was serene and quaint. The food was made fresh to order and the customer service aside it was well worth the wait. Spicy falafel for the win. We were new here so the food and hospitality was a real break from the busy streets. Love and would definitely go again
Simply does not compare to Falafel Drive-In in San Jose. They create the best red sauce and have much better fillings!
I was passing by to get lunch from a nearby restaurant and saw this tiny place on Market so decided to give it a try. I ordered Falafel plate and waited while 4 customers before me were served. I saw some Falafel that were already fried and sitting just outside the frying pot. Yet, instead of serving Falafels that were already fried and ready , the very friendly staff fried Falafel freshly for each customer telling them that they only served fresh food to their valuable customers. I was very impressed with his friendly services and positive attitude and his frying a new Falafel batch individually for each of his customer!However, when he served me Falafel he gave me the old Falafel that were sitting there before he served 4 customers before me!! I was expecting him to fry fresh Falafel for me as well as he had just done for other 4 customers before me but was shocked to be served stale Falafel. Although the staff was very friendly, I would never go back due to his partiality.
The falafel was fresh, I liked the sesame seeds, and the vegetables added flavor, but the sandwich wasn't overly flavorful. Maybe a little more pickled items could be added.The steamed pita also seemed to tear easily. A regular pita would be fine.The guy who made the sandwich seems like the kind of person who really likes other people and is always happy. I should think of him when I take something too seriously. Given the quality, price and location, I'll be back.
This place is spectacular. No seating, sadly, but the food is SO GOOD. That spicy falafel pocket is delicious and warm and gigantic, and the cooks are friendly and happy and they do great things.
So good. Friendly, funny owner who serves up some fantasticly fresh and delicious falafel. Get you some!
Went there last night right before going to the 100 year anniversary celebration of City Hall. Figured that there would be big fat lines for the food trucks & I was right! I read the reviews & knew that there wouldn't be any seating, so we just picked up our falafels to eat on the walk to City Hall. The 2 guys working last night were super nice & so chill even tho they were so busy! We each had the full pita sandwich ($7.00 ea) & asked for it to be spicy. It wasn't spicy at all, but still yummy! I liked all of the filling options except the coleslaw. Generous amount of filling & super fresh! As I said, we were headed to the CH event...gross few blocks to walk while eating! Watch out for the small streams of wet stuff on the sidewalks & don't take in any big sniffs!
I've had falafel many places in the world, including some of the famous spots in New York, and I have to say this was the best I've ever had.I came in today, ordered the pocket with Spicy Falafel and all fixings, and was impressed with layering, portion size, quality, moisture and density of the falafel, ingredient quality, and service.
Packed with flavor...and hard to believe it's vegan. The falafel balls are crispy on the outside, but fluffy and medium-dense on the inside; amazingly moist all around. Comparable to the Falafel Drive-In in San Jose--only FF's pita pocket is fuller and softer! Love the self-service order and checkout via tablet too!
So I hadn't had a falafel in a while and I walked past the flying falafel and it smells hella good so I went there and it was delicious. I walked past it this morning and wanted falafel for lunch but it was to far for my short lunch breake. on my lunch break there's a falafel truck right outside my work so I gotta some there and they suck so after work I went to the flying falafel and got my falafel fix... winning
5 stars for this great falafel restaurant in San Fran. I love a good falafel, and this is the place you'll find it. Kudos to their staff - super attentive and happy, I'm always well taken care of here at The Flying's. Give their falafels and baklava a try you won't be disappointed. I LOVE IT HERE! Their bread is super fresh, soft and delicious. After being to other falafel places in SF, this is definitely my favorite.
Great Falafel, will definitely come again!
Amazing food, friendly and humble service. Perhaps the best falafel I've ever had (go with spicy!), and the banana milkshake was an awesome surprise!
Delicious food - perfect textures. Assaf is an awesome guy and will make you feel special. Give this place a visit!
I have a lot of experience with falafel and this is the best falafel I've had in a very long time! Glad these guys have joined the neighborhood!
Pita bread was very soft and falafel were very good. Over all best bet for snacking on market street if you are around.
Really pleasant guys to talk to! Loved the food. Plan on going here again in the future :)
5 stars does not do this place justice.
I want this place to be bigger and closer to my place but those are my own selfish needs. There is no place to sit but there are communal counters to eat at. I love this kind of intimate, standup, street food establishment. The fact that the food is so healthy (vegan and lots of gluten free options) hardly takes away from the fact that it is the perfect impulse comfort food. You'll never notice you are eating healthy food because it tastes too damn good. Don't go easy on the spicy chili sauce either or you're missing out.
Now that is a great falafel place to get some cheap and good lunch! Thank you guys!
Amazing flavor! Great prices. You have to have the cinnamon baklava. Super nice staff!
Very yummy! Great experience and great professionalism within the facility. Thank you!
Am I missing something? Yes, they were good falafels, but I honestly don't understand the insane hype. I'd probably come here if I walked past it again, but wouldn't go out of the way for it.
omg, this place is so good. i got the hummus plate, and it was a ton of food. i love how you can add as much veggies and sauces as you want, and everything is plated/made to order. they heat up the pita bread right before serving, so it's piping hot, as are the falafel balls! the wait is really long though, but the guys here are so nice and gave us falafel samples while waiting!!
These guys have got a great personality and a great falafel. Fresh and made quick, the pocket doesn't spill and it's FILLED with great stuff. Definitely a must try.
Assaf was super nice and greeted me with a smile and a free sample! The food was delicious and really well priced. A yummy and filling pita pocket full of falafel was only $7. I will definitely be going back here soon.
Delicious food, friendly service, and great prices. Crispy falafel. Spicy pocket is great. The baklava is amazing, as are the shakes!
Good Vegan option, very affordable, however WARNING: Do not order delivery. I ordered for an office lunch and they use an outside vendor that they have no control over. They were 45 minutes late and didn't deliver it inside the building. I had to run and grab my co-workers to help carry it up.
Fast and incredibly good!
If you love falafel, you simply must try this place! It was truly the best falafel I've ever eaten. Everything else was wonderful, too. The pita and veggies were super fresh, the hummus delicious, and the organic banana shakes were outstanding. A huge plus is that the entire menu is vegan. If you're a vegan like I am, you can now order with confidence and not have to worry about hidden ingredients. The owner, Assaf, is warm and gracious.
This is a great falafel place in San Fransisco. I have never had a better falafel. We loved the fact that you can choose what you want on it. Defiantly would recommend to anyone in the area.
one of my favorite restaurants to grab a quick lunch not far from where I work so very convenient services great food is even better love it!
The pocket falafel was amazing. Three kinds of sauces beyond the normal tahini sauce. Great spicing in the falafel balls. A unique experience.
Falafel was perfect. Done right, no BS filler. Nothing but good stuff here folks. Off the chains food.
AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!! Finally stopped by this little mid-Market St. stand for lunch today. Ordered the falafel-in-pita. OMG!!! Lovely, soft (steamed?) pita jam-packed with freshly deep-fried-to-perfection falafel and a bounty of fresh veggies and sauce add-ons. All served by two of the sweetest dudes in the hood! I will be starting a new job over in Oakland in a couple of weeks. Really wish I could take these guys with me! Their biz cards says they can do catering. Go get them! AMAZING food!!!
Don't get delivery. They messed up my order and forgot to send me the hummus I ordered. Plus the meal I ordered didn't come in any form that seemed to make much sense. Food was ok but nothing special.
The Flying Falafel was absolutely awesome in terms of taste, service and everything! We brought 13 of our students there after a field trip and the quickly accommodated ALL of us. All the employees had great energy while working, even though we came in right during the lunch rush. The quality of the food was not sacrificed even with the large group. To top it all off, the food was fantastic. Will definitely be returning.
The most authentic falafel sandwich I had. It is like homemade. It is made with whole wheat pita pocket, tons of veggies, and the sauce is to die for!
On my way to the SF location now!!! So yummy, can't wait! Just found out you come to the Concord Farmers Market, that's great! Keep up the good work!!!
Dude has great falafel. He's always nice. Definitely worth waiting a few minutes for some inexpensive fresh food.
Great food, great people
Spicy falafel pocket was very very nice. The hummus plate kinda lacked flavor, so could use some improvement. Overall, will totally go there again. Also, be kind to first timers in the ordering process.
Amazing spicy falafel. AMAZING. Eat24 app not at all amazing, since it was confusing on how to order a "combo" vs. regular falafel sandwich. The cinnamon baklava and dolmas were missing from order, which was disappointing. Hopefully I will get refund, but the falafel was so good that I'm still thrilled with what I did receive.
This place is a lot of fun. It's tucked away on busy Market Street, and looks unimpressive from far away, but I came with 6 other family members who all left really happy. My cousin from India told me that he was jealous that I'd be able to go back. Really recommend checking it out.
Delicious, fast, friendly and well priced. After a meeting, I needed to grab some food and head to my hotel. I came across this lovely establishment. As a vegan, it is not always this easy to find inexpensive and great food on the go. Veggies and Non-Veggies alike, I urge you to check out this place!
Super tasty stuff! A great addition to the neighborhood! My new favorite take-out.
just tried this place. got a #2 combo which is a pita and a shake.the spicy falafel was about perfect, moist but not sticky yet dry enough to soak up a bit of sauce. the portion was huge and it was very filling.even if you aren't vegan, this place is great!
Great, little hole in the wall.  We ordered on the iPad and waited for our food. However, after you place your order you have to get in another line to place your order with the cook. It was a bit confusing for a first timer and a little frustrating.  The food was good, filling, and relatively cheap! Will go back next time I am in town!
I LOVE the food. I've been there ALOT. It never disappoints. Also I am very impressed with the owner Assaf, who respond to any issue you may have including working with the community. That is truly unique.
Small space but delicious food and friendly fast staff. This is a place where you grab and go (There is no seating inside the place since the location is tiny). The menu has plenty of gluten free, vegetarian options. There were plenty of fillings to choose from, which I liked (including sauces). I tried the Spicy Falafel Pocket Sandwich and absolutely loved it! Once you place your order they will call you up to the front so you can decide on your toppings and sauces. You may want to look at the menu ahead of time to decide on what you want in your Pocket Sandwich if you aren't familiar with falafel and the sauces that they offer. Would definitely return!
The Pocket sandwich was delicious and healthy!
Tasty!
This place is amazing! My co-worker was eating a pocket pita from there and it looked delicious so I asked her about it. The very next day, I went to flying falafel and not counting the stinky area, it was great. Starting from ordering and ending with getting my meal. The owner is super nice and very friendly. You order on an Ipad, and when he saw me looking a bit confused right away he offered his help, even though he was also working on putting orders together. The wait was around 5-7 min but it was well worth it.  I decided to get a place since I didn't want to deal with the food falling out of the pita pocket and everything was delicious. The pita bread was so airy and warm; the spicy falafel balls were perfect, and all of the veggies were super fresh and yummy The nice surprise was sauerkraut that was also on my plate, which I don't usually associate with falafels and middle eastern cuisine but was very tasty. I might try the baklava and the milkshake next time. I also took their frequent user card, because I plan to come back multiple times. I sure hope this business survives and flourishes.
Food was great, fresh and affordable. Worth a stop if you are in the area.
I'm hooked. The falafel here are fresh and addictive. A welcome addition to the mid-market neighborhood.
Drop by this hole in the wall and be entertained by Asaf as you wait for your freshly made falafel to be made. This is the best falafel in the city with just the right amount of spicy hot sauce, wrapped in a soft pita bread!
I liked the pita. It was firm but not too firm.The falafel was perfect because it was not too crunchy and not too soft.
Best falafels ever! The service is always with a smile and fast even when slammed. He hand prepares everything, and it shows in the taste. Super flavorful, healthy (yes, but decadent!)and price is below average. Assaf will make you feel like a friend even if he's never met you and guaranteed will do his best to give you an unforgettable meal. I love this place and have travelled from the South bay to experience his food. (As a side note, he started out in Campbell at the weekend farmer's mkt) Come back!!! Banana milkshakes are so de-lish and only $3. If you're in the area, it's a must try.
I normally don't care about service. But service here is backwards, you service the guy behind the counter to get your food (he's also the owner). This is a place that asks for your name and doesn't give you a number. And after hearing owner inaudibly announce one of dozens of orders is ready you have to act like the guy behind the counter is the coolest guy you ever met to get his attention and find out if it's yours. During these regular communication problems, he acts like it's 100% your fault, he's not gonna make any effort to change his chill style, that would make him look uncool, so it's not happening. It seriously reminded me of something from highschool when talking to people who think they're better than you. Did you not hear the name called out? You gotta check on whatever name it was, and who knows if it will take five or twenty minutes. YOU lean way across the counter and ask your question, cause he's not gonna raise his voice, or he might even act like he didn't hear you. If there's anyone telling the guy at the counter a story, he's way more interested in them then calling out your order number audibly, or acknowledging your presence. I've been here three times and each time had the same experience. One time there was a woman there whom I inferred was undergoing a similar experience as me. Several times she heard him say something, and approached the counter for more information. A comment she made while trying to get the guy's attention was that "she saw this place was 5 stars, whatever that means". Recommendation to owner, get a microphone, give out numbers, and then call out those numbers louder than a guy who is trying to nonchalantly get laid. There will be a line, Congratulations, you made it to the front of the line, it's an honor to be here. Flying Falafel is really good food for a good price, but theres a price in your dignity. I've had to approach the counter several times each time, and I halfway through I think: F this. Three times was enough, I'm not going back.
